<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230215_10-K_edgar_data_1282637_0001282637-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15769879</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>534501</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2380102</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6173476</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3299147</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3062209</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001282637-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230215090339
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001282637-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEWMARKET CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001282637
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32190
		FILM NUMBER:		23633805

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		330 S FOURTH ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 2189
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23218-2189
		BUSINESS PHONE:		804-788-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		330 S FOURTH ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 2189
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23218-2189

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001282637-23-000004.txt : 20230215

10-K
 1
 neu-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

neu-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

Incorporated pursuant to the Laws of the Commonwealth of 
 Internal Revenue Service Employer Identification No. 
 
 , 
 - 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter): 
 Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of January 31, 2023: 

In determining this figure, an aggregate of 2,961,543 shares of Common Stock as beneficially owned by Bruce C. Gottwald and members of his immediate family have been excluded and treated as shares held by affiliates. See Item 12. The aggregate market value has been computed on the basis of the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

 Form 10-K 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 Item 2. Properties 
 19 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 22 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s 
 23 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 73 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 73 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 74 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 74 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 75 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 75 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 75 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 76 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 76 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 77 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 80 
 Signatures 
 81 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 NewMarket Corporation (NewMarket) (NYSE: NEU) is a holding company and is the parent company of Afton Chemical Corporation (Afton), Ethyl Corporation (Ethyl), NewMarket Services Corporation (NewMarket Services), and NewMarket Development Corporation (NewMarket Development). 
 Each of our subsidiaries manages its own assets and liabilities. Afton manufactures and sells petroleum additives, while Ethyl markets antiknock compounds in North America and performs contracted manufacturing and related services. NewMarket Development manages the real property that we own in Virginia. NewMarket Services provides various administrative services to NewMarket, Afton, Ethyl, and NewMarket Development. NewMarket Services departmental and other expenses are billed to each subsidiary pursuant to services agreements between the companies. 
 References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us, our, and NewMarket are to NewMarket Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 As a specialty chemicals company, Afton develops and manufactures highly formulated lubricant and fuel additive packages and markets and sells these products worldwide. Afton is one of the largest lubricant and fuel additives companies in the world. Lubricant and fuel additives are necessary products for efficient and reliable operation of vehicles and machinery. From custom-formulated additive packages to market-general additives, we believe Afton provides customers with products and solutions that make engines run smoother, machines last longer, and fuels burn cleaner. 
 Through an open, flexible, and collaborative style, Afton works closely with its customers to understand their business and help them meet their goals. This style has allowed Afton to develop long-term relationships with its customers in every major region of the world, which Afton serves through our manufacturing facilities across the globe. 
 We have operations in North America, Europe, Asia, and South America. The economies are generally stable in the countries where we do most of our business, although many of those countries experience economic challenges from time to time. In countries with more political or economic uncertainty, we generally minimize our risk of loss by utilizing U.S. Dollar-denominated transactions, letters of credit, and prepaid transactions. Further information on our operations in the various geographic areas is in Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 With approximately 500 employees in research, development, and testing, Afton is dedicated to developing additive formulations that are tailored to our customers and the end-users specific needs. Afton s portfolio of technologically-advanced, value-added products allows it to provide a full range of products, services, and solutions to its customers. 
 Ethyl provides contracted manufacturing and related services to Afton and to third parties and is a marketer of antiknock compounds in North America. 
 NewMarket Development manages the real property we own in Richmond, Virginia consisting of approximately 50 acres. Our corporate offices are included in this acreage, as well as a research and testing facility, and several acres dedicated to other uses. We are exploring various development opportunities for portions of the property as the demand warrants. This effort is ongoing in nature. 
 We were incorporated in the Commonwealth of Virginia in 2004. Our principal executive offices are located at 330 South Fourth Street, Richmond, Virginia, and our telephone number is (804) 788-5000. 
 Business Segments 
 Our business is composed of one segment, petroleum additives, which is primarily represented by Afton. The antiknock compounds business of Ethyl is reflected in the All other category. Each of these is discussed below. 
 Petroleum Additives - Petroleum additives are used in lubricating oils and fuels to enhance their performance in machinery, vehicles, and other equipment. We manufacture chemical components that are selected to perform one or more specific functions and combine those chemicals with other chemicals or components to form additive packages for use in specified end-user applications. The petroleum additives market is a global marketplace, with customers ranging from large, integrated oil companies to national, regional, and independent companies. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 We believe our success in the petroleum additives market is largely due to our ability to deliver value to our customers through our products and our open, flexible, and collaborative working style. We accomplish this by understanding what our customers value and by applying our technical capabilities, formulation expertise, broadly differentiated product solutions, and global supply capabilities to satisfy our customers' needs. We invest significantly in research and development in order to meet our customers needs and to adapt to the rapidly changing environment for new and improved products and services. 
 We view the petroleum additives marketplace as being comprised of two broad product applications: lubricant additives and fuel additives. Lubricant additives are highly formulated chemical solutions that, when blended with base fluids, improve the efficiency, durability, performance, and functionality of mineral oils, synthetic oils, and biodegradable fluids, thereby enhancing the performance of machinery and engines. Fuel additives are chemical components that help oil refiners meet fuel specifications or formulated packages that improve the performance of gasoline, diesel, biofuels, and other fuels, resulting in lower operating costs, improved vehicle performance, and reduced emissions. 
 Lubricant Additives 
 Lubricant additives are essential ingredients for making lubricating oils. Lubricant additives are used in a wide variety of vehicle and industrial applications, including engine oils, transmission fluids, off-road powertrain and hydraulic systems, gear oils, hydraulic oils, and turbine oils, and virtually any other application where metal-to-metal moving parts are utilized. Lubricant additives are organic and synthetic chemical components that enhance wear protection, prevent deposits, and protect against the hostile operating environment of an engine, transmission, axle, hydraulic pump, or industrial machine. 
 Lubricants are widely used in operating machinery from transportation vehicles to heavy industrial equipment. Lubricants provide a layer of protection between moving mechanical parts. Without this layer of protection, the normal functioning of machinery would not occur. Effective lubricants reduce downtime and increase efficiency. Specifically, lubricants serve the following main functions: 
 friction reduction Friction is reduced by maintaining a thin film of lubricant between moving surfaces, preventing them from coming into direct contact with one another and reducing wear on moving machinery, thereby providing longer life and operational efficiency. 
 heat removal Lubricants act as coolants by removing heat resulting either from friction or through contact with other, higher temperature materials. 
 containment of contaminants Lubricants function by carrying contaminants away from the machinery and neutralizing the harmful impact of the by-products created by combustion. 
 The functionality of lubricants is created through an exact balance between a base fluid and performance-enhancing additives. This balance is the goal of effective formulations achieved by experienced research and development professionals. We offer a full line of lubricant additive packages, each of which is composed of component chemicals specially selected to perform desired functions. We manufacture most of the chemical components and blend these components to create formulated additive packages designed to meet industry and customer specifications. Lubricant additive components are generally classified based upon their intended functionality, including: 
 detergents, which clean moving parts of engines and machines, suspend oil contaminants and combustion by-products, and absorb acidic combustion products; 
 dispersants, which serve to inhibit the formation of sludge and particulates; 
 extreme pressure/antiwear agents, which reduce wear on moving engine and machinery parts; 
 viscosity index modifiers, which improve the viscosity and temperature characteristics of lubricants and help the lubricant flow evenly to all parts of an engine or machine; and 
 antioxidants, which prevent oil from degrading over time. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We are one of the leading global suppliers of specially formulated lubricant additives that combine some or all of the components described above to develop our products. Our products are highly formulated, complex chemical compositions derived from extensive research and testing to ensure all additive components work together to provide the intended results. Our products are engineered to meet specifications prescribed by either the industry or a specific customer. Purchasers of lubricant additives tend to be integrated oil companies or independent compounders/blenders. We make no sales directly to end-users or to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). 
 We view our participation in the lubricant marketplace in three primary areas: engine oil additives, driveline additives, and industrial additives. Our view is not necessarily the same way others view the market. 
 Engine Oil Additives - The largest submarket within the lubricant additives marketplace is engine oil additives which consists of additives designed for passenger cars, motorcycles, on and off-road heavy duty commercial equipment, locomotives, and large engines in ocean-going vessels. We estimate engine oil additives represent approximately 70 of the overall lubricant additives market volume. 
 The engine oil market s primary customers include consumers, fleet owners, mining and construction companies, farmers, railroads, shipping companies, service dealers, and OEMs. The primary functions of engine oil additives are to reduce friction, prevent wear, control formation of sludge and oxidation, and prevent rust. Engine oil additives are typically sold to lubricant manufacturers who combine them with a base oil fluid to meet internal, industry, and OEM specifications. 
 Key drivers of engine oil additives demand are the number of vehicles on the road, total vehicle miles driven, fuel economy, the average age of vehicles on the road, drain intervals, engine and crankcase size, changes in engine design, and temperature and specification changes driven by the OEMs. The extension of drain intervals has generally offset increased demand due to higher vehicle population, new hardware, and more miles driven. Other key drivers include industrial production rates, agricultural output, mining and construction output, environmental regulations, and infrastructure investments of commercial companies. Afton offers products that enhance the performance of mineral, part-synthetic, and fully-synthetic engine oils. 
 Driveline Additives - The driveline additives submarket is comprised of additives designed for products such as transmission fluids, axle fluids, and off-road powertrain fluids. This submarket shares in the 30 of the market not covered by engine oil additives. Transmission fluids primarily serve as the power transmission and heat transfer medium in the area of the transmission where the torque of the drive shaft is transferred to the gears of the vehicle. Axle fluids lubricate gears and bearings in axles, and powertrain fluids are used in off-highway powertrain and hydraulic systems. Other products in this area include power steering fluids, shock absorber fluids, gear oils, and lubricants for heavy machinery. Additionally, as a leading additive supplier to the electric vehicle market, we are investing in and delivering new technologies to enable electric vehicle market growth to help reduce carbon emissions. We anticipated and are responding to the need for future lubricants to consider conductivity, the effect of electric fields, low friction/high speed, noise, and battery cooling or copper wire drawing. All driveline additives products must conform to highly prescribed specifications developed by vehicle OEMs for specific models or designs. Driveline additives are generally sold to oil companies for ultimate sale to vehicle OEMs for new vehicles (factory-fill), service dealers for aftermarket servicing (service-fill), retailers, and distributors. 
 Key drivers of the driveline additives marketplace are the number of vehicles manufactured, total number of vehicles in operation, drain intervals for transmission fluids and axle fluids, changes in engine and transmission design and temperatures, and specification changes driven by the OEMs. 
 Industrial Additives - The industrial additives submarket is comprised of additives designed for products for industrial applications such as hydraulic fluids, grease, industrial gear fluids, and industrial specialty applications, such as turbine oils. This submarket also shares in the 30 of the market not covered by engine oil additives. These products must conform to industry specifications, OEM requirements, and/or application and operating environment demands. Industrial additives are generally sold to oil companies, service dealers for after-market servicing, and distributors. 
 Key drivers of the industrial additives marketplace are gross domestic product levels and industrial production. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Fuel Additives 
 Fuel additives are chemical compounds that are used to improve both the oil refining process and the performance of gasoline, diesel, biofuels, and other fuels. Benefits of fuel additives in the oil refining process include reduced use of crude oil, lower processing costs, and improved fuel storage properties. Fuel performance additives enhance fuel economy, improve ignition and combustion efficiency, reduce emission particulates, maintain engine cleanliness, and protect against deposits in fuel injectors, intake valves, and the combustion chamber. Our fuel additives are extensively tested and designed to meet stringent industry, government, OEM, and individual customer requirements. 
 Many different types of additives are used in fuels. Their use is generally determined by customer, industry, OEM, and government specifications, and often differs from country to country. The types of fuel additives we offer include: 
 gasoline performance additives, which clean and maintain key elements of the fuel delivery systems, including fuel injectors and intake valves, in gasoline engines; 
 diesel fuel performance additives, which perform similar cleaning functions in diesel engines; 
 cetane improvers, which increase the cetane number (ignition quality) in diesel fuel by reducing the delay between injection and ignition; 
 stabilizers, which reduce or eliminate oxidation in fuel; 
 corrosion inhibitors, which minimize the corrosive effects of combustion by-products and prevent rust; 
 lubricity additives, which restore lubricating properties lost in the refining process; 
 cold flow improvers, which improve the pumping and flow of distillate and diesel fuels in cold temperatures; 
 octane enhancers, which increase octane ratings and decrease emissions; and 
 static dissipating additives. 
 We offer a broad line of fuel additives worldwide and sell our products to major fuel marketers and refiners, as well as independent terminals and other fuel blenders. 
 Key drivers in the fuel additive marketplace include total vehicle miles driven, fuel economy, the introduction of new engine designs, regulations on emissions (both gasoline and diesel), quality of the crude oil slate and performance standards, and marketing programs of major oil companies. 
 Competition 
 We believe we are one of the four largest manufacturers and suppliers in the petroleum additives marketplace. 
 In the lubricant additives submarket, our major competitors are The Lubrizol Corporation (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.), Infineum (a joint venture between ExxonMobil Chemical and Shell plc), and Chevron Oronite Company LLC. There are several other suppliers in the worldwide market who are competitors in their particular product areas. 
 The fuel additives submarket is characterized by more competitors. While we participate in many facets of the fuel additives market, our competitors tend to be more narrowly focused. In the gasoline detergent market, we compete mainly against BASF, Chevron Oronite Company LLC, Innospec Inc., and The Lubrizol Corporation. In the diesel and refinery markets, we compete mainly against The Lubrizol Corporation, Infineum, BASF, Clariant Ltd., Dorf Ketal, and Innospec Inc. We also compete against other regional companies in the fuel additives marketplace. 
 The competition among the participants in these industries is characterized by the need to provide customers with cost effective, technologically-capable products that meet or exceed industry specifications. The need to continually increase technology performance and lower cost through formulation technology and cost improvement programs is vital for success in this environment. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 All Other - The All other category includes the operations of the antiknock compounds business (primarily sales of antiknock compounds in North America), as well as certain contracted manufacturing and related services performed by Ethyl. The Ethyl facility is located in Houston, Texas and is substantially dedicated to terminal operations related to antiknock compounds and other fuel additives. The financial results of the petroleum additives activities by Ethyl are reflected in the petroleum additives segment results. The All other category financial results include a service fee charged by Ethyl for its production services to Afton. 
 Raw Materials and Product Supply 
 We use a variety of raw materials and chemicals in our manufacturing and blending processes and believe the sources of these are adequate for our current operations. The primary raw materials for Afton are base oil, polyisobutylene, antioxidants, alcohols, solvents, detergents, friction modifiers, olefins, and copolymers. 
 As the performance requirements of our products become more complex, we often work with highly specialized suppliers. In some cases, we source from a single supplier. In cases where we decide to source from a single supplier, we manage our risk by maintaining safety stock of the raw material or qualifying alternate suppliers, which could take additional time to implement, but we are confident we can ensure continued supply for our customers. 
 During the past three years, global supply chain disruptions negatively affected both supply, as well as distribution and transportation networks. We continuously monitor our raw material supply situation and adjust our procurement strategies as conditions require. 
 Research, Development, and Testing 
 Research, development, and testing (R D) provides Afton with new performance-based solutions for our customers in the petroleum additives market. We develop products through a combination of chemical synthesis, formulation development, engineering design, and performance testing. In addition to developing new products, R D provides our customers and OEMs with data to substantiate product differentiation and technical support to assure total customer satisfaction. 
 We are committed to providing the most advanced products, comprehensive testing programs, and superior technical solutions tailored to the needs of our customers and OEMs worldwide. Afton continues to successfully implement techniques to drive efficiency in technology discovery and development, while expanding our internal testing, research, and customer support capabilities around the world in support of our goals of providing market-driven technical leadership and performance-based differentiation. In 2022, we continued to invest in and progress our technology plans. 
 Afton continues to develop new products and technology to keep our customers well-positioned for the future by meeting evolving OEM requirements, including specific demands of hybrid and electric vehicles, industry specifications, and environmental regulations. A significant portion of our R D investment is dedicated to the development of products that are differentiated by their ability to deliver improved fuel efficiency in addition to robust performance in a wide range of new vehicle and industrial equipment designs. Afton s state-of-the art testing capabilities enable customized research in all areas of performance needed by both OEMs and tier one suppliers. Our leading-edge capabilities and fundamental understanding in the areas of combustion, friction control, energy efficiency, electric motor compatibility, and wear prevention are used to set the stage for next-generation products in all areas. 
 In line with Afton s vision, we continue to focus our technology to make the world a better place by reducing the use of chemicals of concern, using more raw materials from sustainable sources, developing additives that enable some of the world s most fuel efficient fluids, creating fuels additives that enable engines to be more efficient, and being a market leader in transmission fluids for full battery electric vehicles. In addition, we are continuing to see benefits from our waste minimization efforts with a 33 reduction in hazardous waste generation from R D operations in Richmond, Virginia when compared to last year. 
 In 2022, we successfully launched new technologies across all our lubricant additives and fuel additives product areas. We developed new engine oil products for passenger cars and commercial trucks in support of our customers in all the major regions of the world in which we operate, including engine oil technology designed for the latest fuel-efficient passenger car specifications, as well as solutions for commercial vehicles. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 We continued to develop new products in multiple application areas in the industrial additives sector, including hydraulic, industrial gear, turbine, slideway, and grease additives. Research is focused on the development of technologies that will provide differentiation to our customers in multiple performance areas including equipment life, reliability, and energy efficiency, as well as eliminating or reducing chemicals of concern. This includes focusing on our wind turbine technology to maintain our technology leadership in this important and growing market. 
 Research continued in our transmission fluid, axle oil, and tractor fluid product lines. This included the development of new OEM-specific additives used in factory-fill fluids installed during automotive component and vehicle assembly in the United States, Germany, Japan, India, and China. We launched new OEM specific technology for full battery electric passenger and commercial vehicles for industry-leading OEMs and are a top supplier in this new and growing market. We also developed new products for the service-fill sector to provide our customers with the latest additives technology available, with specific focus on the Asia Pacific region. 
 We continue to provide leading technology in the fuel additives area. In 2022, we developed new technology in both gasoline performance additives and diesel performance additives. This includes launching a new technology platform that is both more efficient and better performing. In addition, we continue to maintain close interactions with regulatory, industry, and OEM leaders to guide our development of future fuel additives technologies based on well-defined market needs. 
 Afton remains committed to providing the most advanced products, comprehensive testing programs, and superior technical solutions tailored to the needs of our customers and OEMs worldwide. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our intellectual property, including our patents, licenses, and trademarks, is an important component of our business. We actively protect our inventions, new technologies, and product developments by filing patent applications and maintaining trade secrets. We currently own approximately 1,500 issued or pending United States and foreign patents. In addition, we have acquired the rights under patents and inventions of others through licenses or otherwise. We take care to respect the intellectual property rights of others and we believe our products do not infringe upon those rights. We vigorously participate in patent opposition proceedings around the world, where necessary, to secure a technology base free of infringement. We believe our patent position is strong, aggressively managed, and sufficient for the conduct of our business. 
 We also have several hundred trademark registrations throughout the world for our marks, including NewMarket , Afton Chemical , Ethyl , mmt , HiTEC , GREENBURN , Passion for Solutions , CleanStart , Microbotz , DriveMore , and Axcel . 
 Human Capital 
 Our Values are the foundation of our company and support the inclusive and respectful culture we have established in all of our locations around the world. Our Values include: 
 unquestioned integrity, 
 respect for people, 
 safety and environmental responsibility, 
 partners with customers and suppliers, 
 continuously improving quality, 
 citizenship, and 
 economic viability. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We place the highest level of commitment on safety and strive to operate our business every day focused on its importance. Keeping our employees safe is a management priority, and the past three years were particularly challenging in that regard because of the COVID-19 pandemic. While some of our employees were required to work from home due to government mandates, all of our facilities continued to be operational throughout 2020 to 2022 since the chemical industry and our products are considered essential for the transportation of people, goods, and services. For employees working onsite at our facilities, management invested significant time and effort to ensure the safety of our employees, above and beyond local government requirements and guidance, and to help mitigate risk. 
 We have a diverse workforce, representative of the geographic regions in which we do business. We place a high value on diverse thoughts, skills, perspectives, cultures, and knowledge because we believe that such diversity results in better business decision making. We employed 2,058 people at the end of 2022. Approximately 1,000 were located in the United States, 500 were in the Europe/Middle East/Africa/India region, 300 were in the Asia Pacific region, and 250 were in the Latin America region. Approximately 22 of our workforce is represented by unions. 
 When we hire new employees, our goal is that they stay with our company for the remainder of their career. Hiring the right people for the long-term and developing them for key roles is a critical focus area. To be successful, we must attract and retain a highly qualified and technically competent workforce, including key employees in leadership positions. As technology changes in the petroleum additives industry are ongoing, the success of our business is very dependent upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific and technical personnel. In addition to utilizing our internal network, contacts, and specialized recruiters to identify and attract qualified personnel, we have established relationships with a number of universities globally and have intern and co-op programs in many of our locations. 
 Globally, approximately 17 of our employees have 20 years or more of service, and over the three-year period from 2020 to 2022, our resignation rate was approximately 4.6 . We believe these measures demonstrate our success in hiring the right employees for the long-term and establishing a culture where respect for people is an everyday value. 
 Commitment to Environmental and Safety Excellence 
 Our commitment to the environment and safety excellence applies to every employee, contractor, and visitor every day, at every site. Safety and environmental responsibility are a way of life at NewMarket - enhancing operations, the way we work, and the relationships we maintain with our employees, customers, supply chain partners, and the communities in which we operate. Our objective is to establish a culture where our employees understand that good environmental and safety performance is good business and understand that environmental compliance and safety are individual responsibilities. Every employee at NewMarket is responsible for ensuring that our high standards in the area of health, safety (including process safety), environmental protection, and security are upheld at all times. 
 Our Global Responsible Care Policy Statement includes a commitment to conduct operations in a manner that protects our employees, communities, and the environment, to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and to reduce our environmental impacts. Additionally, in pursuit of our vision of zero incidents, we work with our employees and other key stakeholders to establish appropriate goals, objectives, and targets. "Responsible Care" is a registered service mark of the American Chemistry Council (ACC). 
 Both Afton and Ethyl have implemented Responsible Care Management Systems (RC14001 at North American facilities. Our Responsible Care management systems are certified by an independent third-party auditing process. Additionally, Afton s Feluy, Belgium; Suzhou, China; Tsukuba, Japan; Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; Bracknell, England; and Singapore facilities are all certified to the environmental standard ISO 14001. The Suzhou and Singapore sites are also certified to ISO 45001, a global occupational health and safety standard. Our San Juan del Rio, Mexico site is formally certified to RC 14001/ISO14001. Afton s Sauget, Illinois plant continues to be an OSHA VPP (Voluntary Protection Program) Star worksite. 
 In 2022, we continued to enhance our Actively Caring safety program, where people look out for the safety and welfare of others with courage and compassion, enabling the achievement of an injury-free environment. Both Afton and Ethyl were top performers among their industry peers with our worldwide injury/illness recordable rate (which is the number of injuries per 200,000 hours worked) in 2022 at 0.44. Additionally, during 2022 we had zero serious injuries across all sites, as well as zero recordable injuries at our Houston, Port Arthur, Ashland, Bracknell, Feluy, Rio de 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Janeiro, San Juan del Rio, Singapore, Suzhou, and Tsukuba facilities. The safety performance affirmed our Vision of Zero Improvement plans and actions across the sites, as well as the importance placed on our safety-first culture. We continue to leverage site-level safety improvement plans at key sites and emphasize reporting "good catches" and "near misses" to help reduce risk and drive improved performance. We are committed to achieving our aspiration of zero injuries and incidents. 
 As members of the ACC, Afton and Ethyl provide data on twelve metrics used to track environmental impact, safety, energy use, community outreach and emergency preparedness, greenhouse gas intensity, and product stewardship performance of the ACC member companies. These can be viewed at https://www.americanchemistry.com/chemistry-in-america/responsible-care-driving-safety-industry-performance/metrics-transparent-reporting/individual-member-company-performance-reporting. The information on this website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 Governmental and Environmental Regulations 
 As a chemical company, we are subject to regulation by local, state, federal, and foreign governmental authorities specific to the production, distribution, management, and stewardship of chemicals. 
 In addition, in the United States and under similar foreign and state laws, we are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations, as well as environmental liabilities associated with the investigation and cleanup of hazardous substances. These liabilities may include personal injury, property damage, or natural resource damages arising from the release of, or exposure to, hazardous substances. They may be imposed on us in a range of situations without regard to violation of law or regulations. They may also be imposed jointly and severally, where one party may be held liable for a disproportionate share of the damages, up to and including the entire loss. These liabilities may include entities with any possible connection to the hazardous substances, including, for example, entities that formerly owned or operated a property or entities that arranged for disposal of hazardous substances from a property. 
 We believe we comply, in all material respects, with laws, regulations, statutes, and ordinances, including, but not limited to, those protecting the environment, as well as those related to the management and stewardship of chemicals. We have policies and procedures in place that establish regular reviews of our regulatory and environmental compliance and product stewardship, and actively monitor any significant existing or potential regulatory changes or environmental issues that could materially affect the company. 
 Our total accruals for environmental remediation, dismantling, and decontamination were approximately 10 million at December 31, 2022 and 11 million at December 31, 2021. As new technology becomes available, it may be possible to reduce accrued amounts. While we believe that we are currently fully accrued for known environmental issues, it is possible that unexpected future costs could have a significant financial impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The costs of complying with existing environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations as they pertain to our products and operations, including remediation, closure, and postclosure costs, are primarily included in cost of goods sold. We spent approximately 37 million in 2022, 35 million in 2021, and 29 million in 2020 for ongoing environmental operating and clean-up costs, excluding depreciation of previously capitalized expenditures. 
 In addition to the ongoing environmental compliance costs and the costs to remediate contaminated sites, worldwide capital expenditures for pollution prevention and safety projects were 11 million in 2022 and 17 million in both 2021 and 2020. 
 The costs of complying with governmental pollution prevention and safety regulations are subject to: 
 potential changes in applicable statutes and regulations (or their enforcement and interpretation); 
 uncertainty as to the success of anticipated solutions to pollution problems; 
 uncertainty as to whether additional expense may prove necessary; and 
 potential for emerging technology to affect remediation methods and reduce associated costs. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Availability of Reports Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and Corporate Governance Documents 
 Our internet website address is www.newmarket.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct, and the charters of our Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees are available on our website and are available in print, without charge, to any shareholder upon request by contacting our Corporate Secretary at NewMarket Corporation, 330 South Fourth Street, Richmond, Virginia 23219. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other filings we make with the SEC. We file our annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The names and ages of all executive officers as of February 15, 2023 follow. 
 Name Age Positions Thomas E. Gottwald 62 Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) William J. Skrobacz 63 Chief Financial Officer and Vice President (Principal Financial Officer) Bruce R. Hazelgrove, III 62 Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Bryce D. Jewett, III 48 Vice President and General Counsel Gail C. Ridgeway 48 Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Cameron D. Warner, Jr. 64 Treasurer Brian D. Paliotti 46 President, Afton Chemical Corporation 
 Our officers, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, hold office until the meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual shareholders meeting. Mr. Gottwald, Mr. Hazelgrove, and Mr. Warner have served in their capacity for at least the last five years. Mr. Skrobacz, Mr. Jewett, Mrs. Ridgeway, and Mr. Paliotti have served in their capacities for less than five years. 
 Mr. Skrobacz joined the company in May 2011 as Senior Manager, Business Assurance, was appointed Controller Designate in September 2012, appointed Principal Accounting Officer and Controller on May 1, 2013, and appointed Chief Financial Officer and Vice President on January 1, 2023. Mr. Jewett joined NewMarket Corporation in July 2020 as Vice President and General Counsel. Prior to his employment at NewMarket, he was a partner at McGuireWoods LLP. Mrs. Ridgeway joined the company in December 2011 as Tax Compliance Manager, became Tax Director in April 2017, Assistant Controller in March 2021, and Controller on January 1, 2023. Mr. Paliotti joined NewMarket in June 2008 as Financial Officer for Afton Chemical Corporation, was appointed Senior Financial Officer of NewMarket Services Corporation in October 2011, promoted to Vice President, Finance of NewMarket Services Corporation in May 2013, and promoted to Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in January 2015. He became President of Afton Chemical Corporation on January 1, 2023. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business is subject to many factors that could have a material adverse effect on our future performance, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Those risk factors are outlined below. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Market and Supply Chain Risks 
 Sudden, sharp, or prolonged changes in the prices of and/or demand for raw materials may adversely affect our profit margins. 
 We utilize a variety of raw materials in the manufacture of our products, including base oil, polyisobutylene, antioxidants, alcohols, solvents, detergents, friction modifiers, olefins, and copolymers. We may also enter into contracts which commit us to purchase some of our more critical raw materials based on anticipated demand. Our profitability is sensitive to changes in the quantities of raw materials we may need and the costs of those materials which may be caused by changes in supply, demand or other market conditions, including general inflation, over which we have little or no control. Political and economic conditions globally have caused, and may continue to cause, our demand for and the cost of our raw materials to fluctuate. War, armed hostilities, terrorist acts, civil unrest, inclement weather events, or other incidents may also cause a sudden, sharp, or prolonged change in our demand for and the cost of our raw materials. We cannot assure that we will be able to pass on to our customers any future increases in raw material costs in the form of price increases for our products. If our demand for raw materials were to decline such that we would not have need for the quantities required to be purchased under commitment agreements, we could incur additional charges that would affect our profitability. 
 Lack of availability of raw materials, including sourcing from some single suppliers, could negatively impact our ability to meet customer demand. 
 The chemical industry can experience limited supply of certain materials. In addition, in some cases, we choose to source from a single supplier. Any significant disruption in supply, for any reason, could adversely affect our ability to obtain raw materials, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to ensure continued supply for our customers and to meet customer demand. 
 Competitive pressures could adversely affect our margins and profitability. 
 We face significant competition in all of the product lines and markets in which we operate. We expect that our competitors will develop and introduce new and enhanced products, which could cause a decline in the market acceptance of certain products we manufacture. In addition, as a result of price competition, we may be compelled to reduce the prices for some of our products, which could adversely affect our margins and profitability. Some of our competitors may also have greater financial, technological, and other resources than we have and may be able to maintain greater operating and financial flexibility than we are able to maintain. As a result, these competitors may be able to better withstand changes in conditions within our industry, changes in the prices for raw materials, and changes in general economic conditions. 
 We rely on a small number of significant customers concentrated in the lubricant and fuel industries. The loss of sales to any of these customers could significantly reduce our revenues and negatively affect our profitability. 
 Our principal customers are multinational oil companies in the lubricant and fuel industries. These industries are characterized by the concentration of a few large participants. This concentration of customers affects our overall risk profile, since our customers will be similarly affected by changes in economic, geopolitical, and industry conditions. Many factors affect the level of our customers spending on our products, including, among others, general business conditions, changes in technology, interest rates, oil prices, and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. A sudden or protracted downturn in these industries could adversely affect the buying power of, and purchases by, our customers. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in purchases by a significant customer could reduce our revenues and negatively affect our profitability. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Operational Risks 
 A disruption in the availability or capacity of distribution systems could negatively impact our ability to meet our customers needs and affect our competitive position. 
 We rely on a variety of modes of transportation to deliver products to our customers, including rail cars, cargo ships, and trucks. We depend upon the availability of a distribution infrastructure to deliver our products in a safe and timely manner. Any disruptions in this infrastructure network, whether caused by human error, accidents, deliberate acts of violence, limitations on capacity, repairs and improvements to infrastructure components, earthquakes, storms, or other natural disasters, could adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand. 
 A significant disruption or disaster at one of our production facilities, including those facilities which are sole producers of certain of our products, could result in our inability to meet production requirements and projected customer demand resulting in a negative impact to our profitability and relationships with our customers. These could also potentially result in us incurring significant liabilities. 
 We are dependent upon the continued safe operation of our production facilities. Several of the products we sell are produced only in one location. A prolonged disruption or disaster at one of our facilities could result in our inability to meet production requirements. 
 Our production facilities are subject to various hazards associated with the manufacturing, handling, storage, and transportation of chemical materials and products, including some that are reactive, explosive, and flammable. Such hazards could include leaks, ruptures, chemical spills, explosions, or fires which result in the discharge or release of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; mechanical failures; unscheduled downtime; and environmental hazards. The occurrence of any of these hazards could cause a disruption in the production of our products and may diminish our ability to meet output goals. These sites may also experience significant disruptions in operations due to inclement weather, natural disasters, flooding, and levee breaches. We cannot assure that our facilities will not experience these types of hazards and disruptions in the future or that these incidents will not result in production delays and affect our ability to meet production requirements. Any such hazards or disruptions at our facilities could result in us losing revenue or not being able to maintain our relationships with our customers. 
 Additionally, some of the hazards or disruptions mentioned above could result in significant liabilities related to personal injury and loss of life; severe damage to, or destruction of, property and equipment; and environmental contamination. 
 Our research and development efforts are costly and may not succeed, which could impair our ability to meet our customers needs, affect our competitive position, and result in a loss of market share. 
 The petroleum additives industry is subject to periodic technological change, changes in performance standards, and ongoing product improvements. Further, technological changes in some or all of our customers products or processes, including the development and customer acceptance of electric vehicles, may make some of our products obsolete. As a result, the life cycle of our products is often hard to predict. In order to maintain our profits and remain competitive, we must effectively respond to technological changes in our industry and successfully develop, manufacture, and market new or improved products in a cost-effective and timely manner. As a result, we must commit substantial resources each year to research and development to maintain and enhance our technological capabilities and meet our customers changing needs. Ongoing investments in research and development for future products could result in higher costs without a proportional increase in profits. Additionally, for any new product program, there is a risk of technical or market failure in which case we may not be able to develop the new commercial products needed to maintain and enhance our competitive position, or we may need to commit additional resources to new product development programs. Moreover, new products may have lower margins than the products they replace. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 In order to be successful, we must attract and retain a highly qualified workforce, including key employees in leadership positions. 
 The success of our business is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel to support our research and development efforts and our agility in effectively responding to technological changes in our industry. To the extent that the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher labor, recruiting, or training costs in order to attract and retain such a work force. We compete with other companies, both within and outside of our industry, for qualified technical and scientific personnel such as chemical, mechanical, and industrial engineers. To the extent that we lose experienced personnel through wage competition, normal attrition (including retirement), or other means, we must be able to attract qualified candidates to fill those positions and successfully manage the transfer of critical knowledge from those individuals leaving our company. An inability to maintain a highly qualified technical workforce could adversely affect our competitive position and result in a loss of market share. 
 We also must manage leadership development and succession planning throughout our business. To the extent that we are unable to attract, develop, and retain leadership talent successfully, we could experience business disruptions that adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 
 Failure to protect our intellectual property rights could harm our competitive position and could adversely affect our future performance and growth. 
 Protection of our proprietary processes, methods, compounds, and other technologies is important to our business. We depend upon our ability to develop and protect our intellectual property rights to distinguish our products from those of our competitors. Failure to protect our existing intellectual property rights may result in the loss of valuable technologies or having to pay other companies for infringing on their intellectual property rights. An inability to continue using certain of our trademarks or service marks could result in the loss of brand recognition and could require us to devote additional resources to advertise, rebrand our products, and market our brands. See Item 1, Business-Intellectual Property. 
 We rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, trademark, and copyright laws, as well as judicial enforcement, to protect our intellectual property and technologies. We cannot assure that the measures taken by us to protect these assets and rights will provide meaningful protection or that adequate remedies will be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or manufacturing expertise. We cannot assure that any of our intellectual property rights will not be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, or rendered unenforceable. In addition, we have manufacturing operations in countries where we may not have the same strength of intellectual property protection and enforcement as in North America or Europe, resulting in a greater risk of a third party appropriating our intellectual property. 
 Furthermore, we cannot assure that any pending patent application filed by us will result in an issued patent, or if patents are issued to us, that those patents will provide meaningful protection against competitors or against competitive technologies. We could face patent infringement claims from our competitors or others alleging that our processes or products infringe on their proprietary technologies. If we were found to be infringing on the proprietary technology of others, we may be liable for damages, and we may be required to change our processes, redesign our products partially or completely, pay to use the technology of others, or stop using certain technologies or producing the infringing product entirely. Even if we ultimately prevail in an infringement suit, the existence of the suit could prompt customers to switch to products that are not the subject of infringement suits. We may not prevail in any intellectual property litigation and such litigation may result in significant legal costs or otherwise impede our ability to produce and distribute key products. 
 We also rely on unpatented proprietary manufacturing expertise, continuing technological innovation, trade secrets, and other intellectual property to develop and maintain our competitive position. While we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties to protect our intellectual property, we cannot assure that our confidentiality agreements will not be breached, that they will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and proprietary manufacturing expertise, or that adequate remedies will be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or manufacturing expertise. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, our trade secrets and know-how may be improperly obtained by other means, such as a breach of our information technology security systems or direct theft. Any unauthorized disclosure of our material know-how or trade secrets could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 An information technology system failure may adversely affect our business. 
 We rely on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to transact our business. An information technology system failure due to computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, cybersecurity attacks, power interruptions, hardware failures, fire, natural disasters, human error or other causes could disrupt our operations, lead to loss of confidential information (such as the personally identifiable information of individuals, including our employees) or intellectual property, and/or prevent us from being able to process transactions with our customers, operate our manufacturing facilities, and properly report transactions in a timely manner. Cybersecurity threats, in particular, continue to increase in sophistication. We have security processes and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate these threats. Nonetheless, these may not be sufficient to identify a threat in a timely manner or protect our operations from such a threat, potentially resulting in financial, legal, business, or reputational damage to our company. 
 A significant or protracted information technology system failure may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 Furthermore, we are subject both to changing cybersecurity rules and evolving data privacy rules and regulations, such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, in countries, states, and other jurisdictions where we conduct business. Any failure to comply with these rules and regulations could result in significant financial penalties and increase our cost of doing business. 
 The occurrence or threat of extraordinary events, including domestic or international terrorist attacks, war, armed hostilities, or health-related epidemics, may disrupt our operations, decrease demand for our products, and increase our expenses. 
 Chemical-related assets may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than other possible targets in the United States and throughout the world. Federal legislation has imposed significant site security requirements, specifically on chemical manufacturing facilities. Federal regulations have also been enacted to increase the security of the transportation of hazardous chemicals in the United States. The enactment of further federal regulations to increase the security of the transportation of hazardous chemicals in the United States could increase our cost of doing business. 
 The occurrence of extraordinary events, including future terrorist attacks, the outbreak or escalation of war, armed hostilities, or a health-related epidemic cannot be predicted, but their occurrence can be expected to negatively affect the economy in general, as well as the markets for our products, and could result in production downtime. In addition, the damage from a direct attack on our facilities or other assets or facilities or other assets used by us could include loss of life or property damage, and our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of the damage incurred or securing coverage for these types of events may be prohibitively expensive. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had an impact on our financial results and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows in the future. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty and economic disruption. The extent to which it will continue to impact our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows is difficult to predict, varies by region, and is dependent upon many factors over which we have no control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the duration and severity of the pandemic; the effectiveness, acceptance, and speed of application of vaccines; government restrictions on businesses and individuals; the impact of the pandemic on our customers businesses and the resulting demand for our products; the impact on our suppliers and supply chain network; the impact on U.S. and global economies and the timing and rate of economic recovery; and potential adverse effects on the financial markets. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 We face risks related to our foreign operations that may negatively affect our business. 
 In 2022, sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for approximately 65 of consolidated net sales. We do business in all major regions of the world, some of which do not have stable economies or governments. In particular, we sell and market products in countries experiencing political and/or economic instability in the Middle East, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Europe. Our international operations are subject to international business risks, including unsettled political conditions, war, expropriation, import and export restrictions, trade policies, increases in royalties, exchange controls, national and regional labor strikes, taxes, government royalties, inflationary or unstable economies, currency exchange rate fluctuations, and changes in laws and policies governing operations of foreign-based companies (such as restrictions on repatriation of earnings or proceeds from liquidated assets of foreign subsidiaries). The occurrence of any one or a combination of these factors may increase our costs or have other adverse effects on our business. 
 The insurance we maintain may not fully cover all potential exposures. 
 We maintain property, business interruption, and casualty insurance, but such insurance may not cover all risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and maximum liabilities covered. We may incur losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of our insurance policies, including liabilities for environmental remediation. In the future, we may not be able to obtain coverage at current levels, and our premiums may increase significantly on coverage that we maintain. 
 Legislative and Regulatory Risks 
 Our business could be adversely affected by current and future governmental regulation. 
 We are subject to regulation by local, state, federal, and foreign governmental authorities. In some circumstances, before we may sell certain products, these authorities must approve these products, our manufacturing processes, and our facilities. We are also subject to ongoing reviews of our products, manufacturing processes, and facilities by governmental authorities. Any delay in obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals would adversely affect our ability to introduce new products and generate sales from those products. 
 New laws and regulations, including climate change regulations and global tax legislation, may be introduced in the future and could result in additional compliance costs, which could prevent or inhibit the development, distribution, and sale of our products. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls, or seizures. 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to export and import laws and regulations which restrict trading with embargoed or sanctioned countries and certain individuals. Although we have policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with these laws and regulations, our employees, contractors and agents may take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could adversely affect our business and/or our reputation. 
 Legal proceedings and other claims could impose substantial costs on us. 
 We are involved in numerous administrative and legal proceedings that result from, and are incidental to, the conduct of our business. From time to time, these proceedings involve environmental, product liability, tetraethyl lead, premises asbestos liability, and other matters. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings. There is no assurance that our available insurance will cover these claims, that our insurers will not challenge coverage for certain claims, or that final damage awards will not exceed our available insurance coverage. 
 At any given time, we are involved in claims, litigation, administrative proceedings, and investigations of various types in a number of jurisdictions involving potential environmental liabilities, including clean-up costs associated with waste disposal sites, natural resource damages, property damage, and personal injury. We cannot assure that the resolution of these environmental matters will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental matters could have a substantial negative impact on our business. 
 As a manufacturer and distributor of chemical products, we are generally subject to extensive local, state, federal, and foreign environmental, safety, and health laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to the air; discharges to land and water; the generation, handling, treatment, and disposal of hazardous waste and other materials; and remediation of contaminated soil, as well as surface and ground water. Our operations entail the risk of violations of those laws and regulations, many of which provide for substantial fines and criminal sanctions for violations. We believe that we comply in all material respects with laws, regulations, statutes, and ordinances protecting the environment, including those related to the discharge of materials. However, we cannot assure that we have been or will be at all times in compliance with all of these requirements. 
 In addition, these requirements, and the enforcement or interpretation of these requirements, may become more stringent in the future. Although we cannot predict the ultimate cost of compliance with any such requirements, the costs could be material. Noncompliance could subject us to material liabilities, such as government fines, damages arising from third-party lawsuits, or the suspension and potential cessation of non-compliant operations. We may also be required to make significant site or operational modifications at substantial cost. Future developments could also restrict or eliminate the use of or require us to make modifications to our products. 
 There may be environmental problems associated with our properties of which we are unaware. The discovery of environmental liabilities attached to our properties could have an adverse effect on our business even if we did not create or cause the problem. 
 We may also face liability arising from current or future claims alleging personal injury, product liability, or property damage due to exposure to chemicals or other hazardous substances, such as premises asbestos, at or from our facilities. We may also face liability for personal injury, product liability, property damage, natural resource damage, or clean-up costs for the alleged migration of contaminants or hazardous substances from our facilities or for future accidents or spills. 
 In some cases, we have been identified, and in the future may be identified, as a potentially responsible party (PRP) in connection with state and federal laws regarding environmental clean-up projects. As a PRP, we may be liable for a share of the costs associated with cleaning up hazardous waste sites, such as a landfill to which we may have sent waste. 
 The ultimate costs and timing of environmental liabilities are difficult to predict. Liability under environmental laws relating to contaminated sites can be imposed retroactively and on a joint and several basis. A liable party could be held responsible for all costs at a site, whether currently or formerly owned or operated, regardless of fault, knowledge, timing of the contamination, cause of the contamination, percentage of contribution to the contamination, or the legality of the original disposal. We could incur significant costs, including clean-up costs, natural resource damages, civil or criminal fines and sanctions, and third-party claims, as a result of past or future violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws. 
 Financial and Economic Risks 
 A substantial amount of indebtedness could adversely impact our business and limit our operational and financial flexibility. 
 We have incurred, and may in the future incur, substantial amounts of indebtedness to support our operations. To the degree that our indebtedness is at variable interest rates, increasing interest rates in the market will result in higher interest expense in our results of operations. Substantial amounts of indebtedness could, among other things, require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to repaying and servicing our indebtedness, thus reducing the amount of funds available for other general corporate purposes; limit our ability to borrow additional funds necessary for working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes; and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to make payments on or refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash from operations in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. 
 We cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under our credit facilities in an amount sufficient to enable us to repay our debt, service our indebtedness, or to fund other liquidity needs. Furthermore, substantially all of our business is conducted through our subsidiaries, and we cannot guarantee that our subsidiaries will be able to distribute funds to us for these purposes. 
 We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Additionally, our debt instruments contain restrictive covenants. These covenants may constrain our activities and limit our operational and financial flexibility. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default. 
 In January 2023, we replaced LIBOR as an interest rate option under our revolving credit facility with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The use of SOFR in place of LIBOR could result in an increase in the cost of borrowings under the revolving credit facility. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We conduct our business in the local currency of many of the countries in which we operate. The financial condition and results of operations of our foreign operating subsidiaries are reported in the relevant local currency and then translated to U.S. Dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Changes in exchange rates between these foreign currencies and the U.S. Dollar will affect the recorded amounts of our assets and liabilities, as well as our revenues, costs, and operating margins. The primary foreign currencies in which we have exchange rate fluctuation exposure are the European Union Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Chinese Renminbi, Indian Rupee, Singapore Dollar, Mexican Peso, Australian Dollar, and Canadian Dollar. Exchange rates between these currencies and the U.S. Dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years and may do so in the future. 
 We could be required to make additional contributions to our pension plans, which may be underfunded due to any underperformance of equity markets. 
 Our pension plan asset allocation is predominantly weighted towards equities. Cash contribution requirements to our pension plans are sensitive to changes in our plans actual return on assets. Reductions in our plans return on assets due to poor performance of equity markets could cause our pension plans to be underfunded and require us to make additional cash contributions. 
 Acquisition and Investment Risks 
 We may be unable to consummate a proposed acquisition transaction due to a lack of regulatory approval or the failure of one or more parties to satisfy conditions to close. In addition, we may not be able to realize the expected benefits from future acquisitions or from investments in our infrastructure, or it may take longer to realize those benefits than originally planned. The inability to achieve our objectives related to these activities could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. 
 As part of our business growth strategy, we intend to continue pursuing acquisitions and investing in our infrastructure. Our ability to implement these components of our growth strategy will be limited by our ability to identify appropriate acquisition or joint venture candidates; our ability to consummate proposed transactions, which may be subject to, among other things, regulatory approval or the parties satisfaction of conditions required for closing; and the availability of financial resources, including cash and borrowing capacity. When we acquire new businesses or invest in infrastructure improvements (for example, building new plant facilities), we consider the benefits we expect to realize and time frames over which we will realize those benefits. The expenses incurred in completing these types of activities, the time it takes to integrate the activities into our 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 ongoing business, or our failure to realize the expected benefits from the activities in the planned time frames could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. The process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require significant financial resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of existing operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal operating properties are shown below. Unless indicated, we own the research, development, and testing facilities, as well as the manufacturing and distribution properties, which primarily support the petroleum additives business segment. 
 Research, Development, and Testing Richmond, Virginia Bracknell, England Tsukuba, Japan Ashland, Virginia Suzhou, China Manufacturing and Distribution Feluy, Belgium (lubricant additives; also storage and distribution) 
 Houston, Texas (lubricant and fuel additives; also storage and distribution) 
 Jurong Island, Singapore (lubricant and fuel additives; leased land) 
 Port Arthur, Texas (lubricant additives) 
 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil (lubricant and fuel additives storage and distribution; equipment is owned; building is leased) 
 San Juan del Rio, Mexico (lubricant additives) 
 Sauget, Illinois (lubricant additives) 
 Suzhou, China (lubricant additives) 
 
 We own our corporate headquarters located in Richmond, Virginia, and generally lease our regional and sales offices located in a number of areas worldwide. 
 NewMarket Development manages the real property we own in Richmond, Virginia consisting of approximately 50 acres. Our corporate offices are included in this acreage, as well as a research and testing facility and several acres dedicated to other uses. We are exploring various development opportunities for portions of the property as the demand warrants. This effort is ongoing in nature. 
 Production Capacity 
 We believe our plants and supply agreements are sufficient to meet expected sales levels. Operating rates of the plants vary with product mix and normal sales swings. We believe that our facilities are well maintained and in good operating condition. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are involved in legal proceedings that are incidental to our business and may include administrative or judicial actions. Some of these legal proceedings involve governmental authorities and relate to environmental matters. For further information, see the Environmental section in Note 21. 
 While it is not possible to predict or determine with certainty the outcome of any legal proceeding, we believe the outcome of any of these proceedings, or all of them combined, will not result in a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock, with no par value, has traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol NEU since June 21, 2004 when we became the parent holding company of Ethyl, Afton, NewMarket Services, NewMarket Development, and their subsidiaries. We had 1,862 shareholders of record at January 31, 2023. 
 On October 28, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing management to repurchase up to 500 million of NewMarket's outstanding common stock until December 31, 2024, as market conditions warrant and covenants under our existing debt agreements permit. We may conduct the share repurchases in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through block trades, or pursuant to trading plans intended to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and/or Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The repurchase program does not require the Company to acquire any specific number of shares and may be terminated or suspended at any time. At December 31, 2022 , approximately 274 million remained available under the 2021 authorization. 
 The following table outlines the purchases during the fourth quarter of 2022 under this authorization. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1 to October 31 72,841 305.95 72,841 304,344,445 November 1 to November 30 31,676 312.30 31,676 294,452,135 December 1 to December 31 64,761 310.49 64,761 274,344,541 Total 169,278 308.87 169,278 274,344,541 
 Cash dividends declared and paid totaled 8.40 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 8.00 per share for the year ended December 31, 2021. The declaration and payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors. Future dividends will depend on various factors, including our financial condition, earnings, cash requirements, legal requirements, restrictions in agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness, and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 The performance graph showing the five-year cumulative total return on our common stock as compared to chemical companies in the S P 1500 Specialty Chemicals Index and the S P 500 is shown below. The graph assumes 100 invested on the last day of December 2017, and the reinvestment of all dividends. The graph is based on historical data and is not intended to be a forecast or indication of future pe rform ance of our common stock. 
 Performance Graph 
 Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return 
 Performance Through December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 NewMarket Corporation 100.00 105.52 126.64 105.78 93.16 86.92 S P 1500 Specialty Chemicals Index 100.00 85.82 98.98 116.69 147.47 109.70 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 
 The graph and table above are not deemed filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor are they incorporated by reference into other filings made by us with the SEC. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 The following discussion, as well as other discussions in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, contains forward-looking statements about future events and expectations within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future results. When we use words in this document such as anticipates, intends, plans, believes, estimates, projects, expects, should, could, may, will, and similar expressions, we do so to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make regarding future prospects of growth in the petroleum additives market, other trends in the petroleum additives market, our ability to maintain or increase our market share, and our future capital expenditure levels. 
 We believe our forward-looking statements are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions, within the bounds of what we know about our business and operations. However, we offer no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations due to uncertainties and factors that are difficult to predict and beyond our control. 
 Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations include, but are not limited to, the availability of raw materials and distribution systems; disruptions at production facilities, including single-sourced facilities; hazards common to chemical businesses; the ability to respond effectively to technological changes in our industry; failure to protect our intellectual property rights; sudden, sharp, or prolonged raw material price increases; competition from other manufacturers; current and future governmental regulations; the loss of significant customers; failure to attract and retain a highly-qualified workforce; an information technology system failure or security breach; the occurrence or threat of extraordinary events, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, wars, and health-related epidemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic; risks related to operating outside of the United States; political, economic, and regulatory factors concerning our products; the impact of substantial indebtedness on our operational and financial flexibility; the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; resolution of environmental liabilities or legal proceedings; limitation of our insurance coverage; our inability to realize expected benefits from investment in our infrastructure or from future acquisitions, or our inability to successfully integrate future acquisitions into our business; and the underperformance of our pension assets resulting in additional cash contributions to our pension plans. Risk factors are discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 You should keep in mind that any forward-looking statement made by us in this discussion or elsewhere speaks only as of the date on which we make it. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict these events or how they may affect us. We have no duty to, and do not intend to, update or revise the forward-looking statements in this discussion after the date hereof, except as may be required by law. In light of these risks and uncertainties, any forward-looking statement made in this discussion or elsewhere, might not occur. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 When comparing the results of the petroleum additives segment for 2022 with 2021, net sales increased 17.5 primarily due to higher selling prices, partially offset by decreases in product shipments and an unfavorable foreign currency impact. Petroleum additives operating profit was 34.6 higher when comparing 2022 with 2021, reflecting the higher selling prices that favorably impacted net sales, partially offset by significantly higher raw material costs and higher operating costs during 2022, including costs for utilities, logistics, insurance, and third-party manufacturing services. A full discussion and comparison of our 2022 and 2021 results follows this overview. 
 We also believe that it is useful to consider our 2022 results versus those of 2019, as the last three years have been characterized by unprecedented factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, worldwide supply chain disruptions, inflation, and war. The 2019 results were the last full year before these factors impacted our operating results. Petroleum additives net sales in 2022 were 578 million higher than in 2019, an increase of 26 . Petroleum additives operating profit in 2022 was 19 million higher, an increase of 5 over 2019, and shipments were 2.8 higher in 2022 than in 2019. The petroleum additives operating margin for 2022 was 13.7 versus 16.5 for 2019. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 During 2022, we also repurchased 668,553 shares of our common stock for a total of 207 million, redeemed our 4.10 senior notes, and sold all of our marketable securities. 
 Our operations generate cash that is in excess of the needs of the business. We continue to invest in and manage our business for the long-term with the goal of helping our customers succeed in their marketplaces. Our investments continue to be in organizational talent, technology development and processes, and global infrastructure, consisting of technical centers, production capability, and geographic expansion. 
 IMPACT OF THE CURRENT ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT 
 As mentioned above, the economic environment in which we operated during 2022 was characterized by steadily rising costs, including raw material costs, limitations on certain supply availability, and a challenging global supply chain network. Because of our active business continuity process and global network, we were able to substantially manage through these factors during the year. We made good progress during the year towards resolving our supply chain issues in order to better meet our customers' growing needs, and we will continue working with our customers to deliver products. At the same time, while we are beginning to see some stabilization in the marketplace, we also expect to be challenged by these economic factors as we manage our business in 2023. 
 In addition to the general inflationary environment in which we operate, the Russia-Ukraine war has introduced additional challenges to our business. While this conflict has not had a material impact on our financial results for 2022, numerous countries have imposed sanctions against Russia. We are complying with these sanctions. 
 Despite the challenging economic environment, our financial position remains strong. We have sufficient access to capital, if needed, and do not anticipate any issues with meeting the covenants for all our debt agreements. Our major capital projects are continuing to progress substantially as planned. 
 The chemical industry and our products are essential for transportation of people, goods, and services. Our business continuity planning process focuses our efforts on managing through this challenging time and helping our customers do the same. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management's discussion and analysis of our results of operations is presented below for the comparative periods of 2022 versus 2021. The discussion and analysis of our results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020 is available in Item 7 of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Net Sales 
 Our consolidated net sales for 2022 amounted to 2.8 billion, an increase of 409 million, or 17.3 from 2021. 
 No single customer accounted for 10 or more of our total net sales in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 The following table shows net sales by segment and product line for each of the last three years. 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Petroleum additives Lubricant additives 2,342 1,999 1,687 Fuel additives 412 345 315 Total 2,754 2,344 2,002 All other 11 12 9 Consolidated revenue 2,765 2,356 2,011 
 Petroleum Additives - The regions in which we operate include North America (the United States and Canada), Latin America (Mexico, Central America, and South America), Asia Pacific, and the Europe/Middle East/Africa/India (EMEAI) region. The percentage of net sales being generated in the regions has remained fairly consistent over the past three years, with some limited fluctuation due to various factors, including the impact of regional economic trends. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 North America represents around 35 of our petroleum additives net sales, while EMEAI contributes about 30 , Asia Pacific about 25 , and Latin America the remaining amount. As shown in the table above, lubricant additives net sales and fuel additives net sales compared to total petroleum additives net sales has remained substantially consistent over the past three years. 
 Petroleum additives net sales for 2022 of 2.8 billion were approximately 17.5 higher than 2021 levels. The increase was across all regions. The North America region represented approximately 54 of the petroleum additives increase in net sales, EMEAI represented approximately 23 , the Latin America region represented approximately 13 , and the Asia Pacific region represented approximately 10 . 
 The approximate components of the petroleum additives increase in net sales of 410 million when comparing 2022 to 2021 are shown below in millions. 
 Net sales for year ended December 31, 2021 2,344 Lubricant additives shipments (50) Fuel additives shipments (18) Selling prices 536 Foreign currency impact, net (58) Net sales for year ended December 31, 2022 2,754 
 When comparing 2022 with 2021, higher selling prices were the predominant factor in the increase in petroleum additives net sales. The higher selling prices were partially offset by lower shipments for both lubricant additives and fuel additives products, as well as an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates. The United States Dollar strengthened against all of the major currencies in which we transact with the majority of the unfavorable impact arising from net sales denominated in the Euro and the Japanese Yen. 
 On a worldwide basis, the volume of product shipments for petroleum additives decreased 2.9 when comparing 2022 with 2021. The worldwide decrease in petroleum additives shipments primarily resulted from lower lubricant additives shipments, with a small decrease in fuel additives shipments. The primary contributors to the decline in shipments were due to supply chain disruptions and new sanctions introduced during 2022 as a result of the Russia-Ukraine war. The decrease in lubricant additives shipments when comparing 2022 with 2021 was across all regions except for EMEAI, which was substantially unchanged between the two years. Most of the decrease in lubricant additives shipments was in the Asia Pacific region with smaller decreases in North America and Latin America. The decrease in fuel additives shipments when comparing 2022 and 2021 was in the EMEAI and Asia Pacific regions, which was partially offset by shipment increases in North America and Latin America. 
 All Other - The All other category includes the operations of the antiknock compounds business, and certain contracted manufacturing and services performed by Ethyl. 
 Segment Operating Profit 
 NewMarket evaluates the performance of the petroleum additives business based on segment operating profit. NewMarket Services expenses are charged to each subsidiary pursuant to services agreements between the companies. Depreciation on segment property, plant, and equipment, as well as amortization of segment intangible assets and lease right-of-use assets, is included in segment operating profit. 
 The following table reports segment operating profit for the last three years. A reconciliation of segment operating profit to income before income tax expense is in Note 4. 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Petroleum additives 378 281 333 All other (2) (1) 0 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Petroleum Additives - Petroleum additives segment operating profit increased 97 million and gross profit increased 86 million when comparing 2022 to 2021. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales was 76.8 in 2022 and 76.7 in 2021. The operating profit margin was 13.7 in 2022 and 12.0 in 2021. 
 When comparing 2022 and 2021, both operating profit and gross profit included the favorable impact of significantly higher selling prices, which were partially offset by significantly higher raw material costs. Operating and conversion costs were also unfavorable. 
 Throughout most of 2021, we experienced declining operating margins due mainly to the prolonged period of escalating raw material costs. While raw material costs, along with other operating costs, increased in 2022, we were able to make adjustments to selling prices resulting in some improvement in margins. Nonetheless, we remain challenged by the ongoing inflationary environment and continue to experience a lag between when price increases go into effect and when margin recovery is realized. This lag will continue until raw material costs, as well as other operating costs, stabilize. 
 In this uncertain economic environment of continuing increasing costs, operating profit margins are a priority for us. Margin recovery and cost control will remain priorities throughout 2023. While operating margins will fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to multiple factors, we believe the fundamentals of our business and industry as a whole are unchanged. 
 Petroleum additives selling, general, and administrative expenses (SG A) were 0.4 million, or 0.3 lower in 2022 compared to 2021. SG A as a percentage of net sales was 4.4 in 2022 and 5.2 in 2021. Our SG A costs are primarily personnel-related and include salaries, benefits and other costs associated with our workforce, including travel-related expenses. While personnel-related costs fluctuate from year to year, there were no significant changes in the drivers of these costs when comparing 2022 and 2021. 
 Our investment in petroleum additives research, development, and testing (R D) decreased approximately 4 million when comparing 2022 with 2021. As a percentage of net sales, R D was 5.1 in 2022 and 6.1 in 2021. Our R D investments reflect our efforts to support the development of solutions that meet our customers' needs, meet new and evolving standards, and support our expansion into new product areas. Our approach to R D investments, as it is with SG A, is one of purposeful spending on programs to support our current product base and to ensure that we develop products to support our customers' programs in the future. R D investments include personnel-related costs, as well as costs for internal and external testing of our products. Substantially all investments in new product development are incurred in the United States and the U.K., with approximately 70 of total R D being attributable to the North America and EMEAI regions. The remaining R D is attributable to the Asia Pacific and Latin America regions and represents customer technology support services in those regions. All of our R D is related to the petroleum additives segment. 
 The following discussion references certain captions on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Interest and Financing Expenses 
 Interest and financing expenses were 35 million in 2022 and 34 million in 2021. The increase in interest and financing expense between 2022 and 2021 resulted primarily from lower capitalized interest. The average interest rate was lower in 2022 resulting in a favorable impact to interest and financing expenses but was substantially offset by an unfavorable impact from higher outstanding debt in 2022 than in 2021. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net was income of 35 million in 2022 and 24 million in 2021. The amounts for both periods included the components of net periodic benefit cost (income), except for service costs, from defined benefit pension and postretirement plans. See Note 18 for further information on total periodic benefit cost (income). The 2022 amount included a loss on marketable securities of 3 million compared to a loss of 7 million on marketable securities in 2021. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense was 68 million in 2022 and 57 million in 2021. The effective tax rate was 19.6 in 2022 and 22.9 in 2021. When comparing 2022 and 2021, income tax expense increased 23 million due to the higher income before income taxes, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate, which resulted in a decrease of 12 million in income tax expense. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily the result of the impact from our foreign operations. 
 
 CASH FLOWS DISCUSSION 
 We generated cash from operating activities of 109 million in 2022 and 165 million in 2021. 
 During 2022, we used the 109 million of cash generated from operations along with the proceeds of 373 million from the sale of marketable securities, 213 million of borrowings under the revolving credit facility, and 15 million of cash on hand to redeem 350 million of our 4.10 senior notes, repurchase 207 million of our common stock, pay 84 million of dividends on our common stock, and fund 56 million of capital expenditures. Cash flows from operating activities included a decrease of 205 million from higher working capital requirements, which is further discussed in the Working Capital section below, and cash contributions of 10 million to our pension and postretirement plans. 
 During 2021, we used the 165 million cash generated from operations along with proceeds of 395 million from the issuance of 2.70 senior notes, 148 million of borrowings under the revolving credit facility, and cash on hand of 42 million to invest 382 million in marketable securities, repurchase 196 million of our common stock, pay 86 million of dividends on our common stock, and fund capital expenditures of 79 million. Cash flows from operating activities included cash contributions of 10 million to our pension and postretirement plans, as well as a decrease of 116 million from higher working capital requirements. 

FINANCIAL POSITION AND LIQUIDITY 
 Cash 
 At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 69 million as compared to 83 million at the end of 2021. 
 Cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries amounted to approximately 65 million at December 31, 2022 and 81 million at December 31, 2021. Periodically, we repatriate cash from our foreign subsidiaries to the United States through intercompany dividends and loans. We do not anticipate significant tax consequences of future distributions of foreign earnings. 
 A portion of our foreign cash balances is associated with earnings that we have asserted are indefinitely reinvested. We plan to use these indefinitely reinvested earnings to support growth outside of the United States through funding of operating expenses, research and development expenses, capital expenditures, and other cash needs of our foreign subsidiaries. 
 Debt 
 A summary of our debt instruments follows. A full discussion is in Note 14. 
 2.70 Senior Notes - On March 18, 2021, we issued 400 million aggregate principal amount of 2.70 senior notes due 2031 at an issue price of 98.763 . We used the net proceeds from the offering for the repayment or redemption of our 4.10 senior notes and for general corporate purposes. We incurred financing costs in 2021 of approximately 4 million related to the 2.70 senior notes, which are being amortized over the term of the notes. We were in compliance with all covenants under the indenture governing the 2.70 senior notes as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 4.10 Senior Notes - At December 31, 2021, we had 350 million of 4.10 senior notes due 2022 with interest payable semiannually and which were senior unsecured obligations. On March 15, 2022, we redeemed the 4.10 senior notes at a redemption price of 100 of the principal amount of 350 million plus the accrued and unpaid interest on the notes and the applicable premium as outlined in the Indenture dated December 20, 2012. The 4.10 senior notes were due December 2022. We recognized a loss of 7.5 million on the early extinguishment including cash paid of 7.1 million for the premium on the early redemption and a write-off of 0.4 million of unamortized deferred financing costs. We were in compliance with all covenants under the indenture governing the 4.10 senior notes as of December 31, 2021. 
 3.78 Senior Notes - On January 4, 2017, we issued 250 million in senior unsecured notes in a private placement with The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain other purchasers. These notes bear interest at 3.78 and mature on January 4, 2029. Interest is payable semiannually. Principal payments of 50 million are payable annually beginning on January 4, 2025. We have the right to make optional prepayments on the notes at any time, subject to certain limitations. We were in compliance with all covenants under the 3.78 senior notes as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Revolving Credit Facilit y - On March 5, 2020, NewMarket and certain foreign subsidiary borrowers entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement) with a term of five years. The Credit Agreement provides for a 900 million, multicurrency revolving credit facility with a 500 million sublimit for foreign currency borrowings, a 50 million sublimit for letters of credit, and a 20 million sublimit for swingline loans. The Credit Agreement includes an expansion feature which allows us, subject to certain conditions, to request an increase in the aggregate amount of the revolving credit facility or obtain incremental term loans in an amount up to 425 million. NewMarket's obligations under the Credit Agreement are unsecured and the obligations of foreign subsidiary borrowers are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by NewMarket. The revolving credit facility is available on a revolving basis until March 5, 2025. Effective January 11, 2023, the revolving credit facility was amended to eliminate the use of LIBOR on borrowings, replacing it with SOFR. 
 There was 361 million outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022 compared to 148 million outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2021. Outstanding letters of credit amounted to 2 million at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 resulting in the unused portion of the applicable credit facility amounting to 537 million at December 31, 2022 and 750 million at December 31, 2021. 
 The average interest rate for borrowings under the credit facilities was 3.5 during 2022 and 1.6 during 2021. 
 The Credit Agreement contains financial covenants that require NewMarket to maintain a consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 except during an Increased Leverage Period (as defined in the Credit Agreement). At December 31, 2022, the Leverage Ratio was 2.23. We were in compliance with all covenants under the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. 
 Other Borrowings - Two of our subsidiaries in Singapore and China each have access to separate short-term lines of credit of 10 million. One of our subsidiaries in the U.K. has access to a short-term line of credit of 10 million Euro. There was no activity on these lines of credit in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 We had long-term debt of 1.0 billion at December 31, 2022 and 1.1 billion at December 31, 2021. The small decrease in debt resulted from the redemption of the 4.10 senior notes which was mostly offset by additional borrowings on the revolving credit facility during 2022. 
 As a percentage of total capitalization (total long-term debt and shareholders equity), our total long-term debt percentage decreased from 59.9 at the end of 2021 to 56.8 at the end of 2022. The change in the percentage was primarily the result of the decrease in long-term debt, along with a small increase in shareholders' equity. The change in shareholders equity primarily reflects our earnings and an increase in the funded position of our defined benefit plans mostly offset by stock repurchases, dividend payments, and the impact of the foreign currency translation adjustment. Normally, we repay any outstanding long-term debt with cash from operations or refinancing activities. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Working Capital 
 Including cash and cash equivalents and the impact of foreign currency on the balance sheet, at December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 768 million, resulting in a current ratio of 2.81 to 1. Our working capital at December 31, 2021 on the same basis was 663 million, resulting in a current ratio of 1.91 to 1. 
 The most significant change in working capital since December 31, 2021 included a decrease in marketable securities, which was mostly offset by the decrease in the current portion of long-term debt due to the redemption of the 4.10 senior notes in March 2022. In addition to these items, cash and cash equivalents decreased as outlined in the cash flows discussion above, while accounts receivable, inventories, and accounts payable all increased. 
 Trade accounts receivable balances increased when compared to December 31, 2021 resulting primarily from higher selling prices this year. The increase in inventories was primarily caused by higher raw material costs, as well as an increase in quantities. The increase in accounts payable reflected higher costs, including raw material costs, as well as normal fluctuations across the regions. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures were 56 million for 2022 and 79 million for 2021. We currently estimate capital expenditures in 2023 will be in the range of 70 million to 80 million as we anticipate spending on several improvements to our manufacturing and R D infrastructure around the world. We expect to continue to finance capital spending through cash provided from operations, as well as with borrowing available under our revolving credit facility. 
 Environmental Expenses 
 We spent approximately 37 million in 2022 and 35 million in 2021 for ongoing environmental operating and clean-up costs, excluding depreciation of previously capitalized expenditures. These environmental operating and clean-up expenses are included in cost of goods sold. We expect to continue to fund these costs through cash provided by operations. 
 Liquidity and Contractual Obligations 
 We have both current and long-term obligations that have known payment streams and are discussed throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These include debt-related obligations, lease obligations, purchase commitments, including those for property, plant, and equipment, contributions to pension and postretirement benefit plans, and environmental dismantling and decontamination. 
 The debt-related contractual obligations include both principal payments on outstanding long-term debt and the related interest payments. The maturity dates and interest rates, as well as information on the repayment of the principal on our long-term debt is detailed above in the Debt section, as well as in Note 14. At December 31, 2022, all of our long-term debt was at fixed rates, except for the revolving credit facility. Interest is paid semi-annually on our fixed rate long-term debt agreements. 
 LIBOR will be completely eliminated in the market by June 2023. Until January 11, 2023 when we amended our revolving credit facility, LIBOR was utilized in establishing interest rates on the revolving credit facility. With new borrowings after January 11, 2023, our revolving credit facility uses SOFR in place of LIBOR to establish interest rates on borrowings under the revolving credit facility. 
 Note 17 provides information by year on our lease obligations which have commenced, as well as lease commitments which have not yet commenced. Note 18 includes information on contributions to pension and postretirement benefit plans, as well as benefit payments to participants. Benefit payments under these plans are predominantly paid from assets held in trust. Further information on purchase commitments, including those for purchases of property, plant, and equipment, is in Note 21. 
 The annual operating expenses and capital expenditures associated with compliance with environmental, health, and safety regulations are included in Item 1, Governmental and Environmental Regulations. In addition to these costs, there are expected cash flows for dismantling and decontamination of environmental sites. At December 31, 2022, these costs were estimated at 1 million in each of 2023 through 2027, and 9 million thereafter. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We expect that cash from operations, together with borrowing available under our credit facilities, will continue to be sufficient for our operating needs and planned capital expenditures for both a short-term and long-term horizon. 
 Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 Our U.S. and foreign benefit plans are discussed separately below. The information applies to all of our U.S. benefit plans. Our foreign plans are quite diverse, and the actuarial assumptions used by the various foreign plans are based upon the circumstances of each particular country and retirement plan. We use a December 31 measurement date to determine our pension and postretirement expenses and related financial disclosure information. Additional information on our pension and postretirement plans is in Note 18 . 
 U.S. Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans The average remaining service period of active participants for our U.S. plans is 13.2 years, while the average remaining life expectancy of inactive participants is 22.7 years. We utilize the sex distinct Pri-2012 table with separate rates for annuitants, non-annuitants, and contingent annuitants, projected generationally using Scale MP-2021 in determining the impact of the U.S. benefit plans on our financial statements. 
 Investment Return Assumptions and Asset Allocation - We periodically review our assumptions for the long-term expected return on pension plan assets. As part of the review and to develop expected rates of return, we considered an analysis of expected returns based on the U.S. plans asset allocation as of both January 1, 2023 and January 1, 2022. This analysis reflects our expected long-term rates of return for each significant asset class or economic indicator. The range of returns developed relies both on forecasts and on broad-market historical benchmarks for expected return, correlation, and volatility for each asset class. The asset allocation for our U.S. pension plans is predominantly weighted toward equities. Through the ongoing monitoring of our investments and review of market data, we have determined that we should maintain the expected long-term rate of return for our U.S. pension plans at 8.0 at December 31, 2022. 
 An actuarial loss on the assets occurred during 2022 as the actual investment return for all of our U.S. qualified pension plans was less than the expected return by 149 million. An actuarial gain on the assets occurred during 2021 as the actual investment return for all of our U.S. qualified pension plans exceeded the expected return by approximately 83 million. Investment gains and losses are recognized in earnings on an amortized basis over a period of 5 years. The amortization of the actuarial net gain is expected to be approximately 2 million in 2023 resulting primarily from the actuarial gain related to the increase in discount rate, which was only partially offset by actuarial losses on plan assets. We expect that there will be continued volatility in pension expense as actual investment returns vary from the expected return, but we continue to believe the potential long-term benefits justify the risk premium for equity investments. 
 At December 31, 2022, our expected long-term rate of return on our postretirement plans was 4.0 . This rate varies from the pension rate of 8.0 primarily because of the difference in investment of assets. The assets of the postretirement plan are held in an insurance contract, which results in a lower assumed rate of investment return. 
 Pension expense and the life insurance portion of postretirement expense are sensitive to changes in the expected return on assets. For example, decreasing the expected rate of return by 100 basis points to 7.0 for pension assets and 3.0 for postretirement benefit assets (while holding other assumptions constant) would increase the forecasted 2023 expense for our U.S. pension and postretirement plans by approximately 6 million. Similarly, a 100 basis point increase in the expected rate of return to 9.0 for pension assets and 5.0 for postretirement benefit assets (while holding other assumptions constant) would reduce forecasted 2023 pension and postretirement expense by 6 million. 
 Discount Rate Assumption - We develop the discount rate assumption by determining the single effective discount rate for a unique hypothetical portfolio constructed from investment-grade bonds that, in the aggregate, match the projected cash flows of each of our retirement plans. The discount rate is developed based on the hypothetical portfolio on the last day of December. The discount rate at December 31, 2022 was 5.625 for all plans. 
 Pension and postretirement benefit expense is also sensitive to changes in the discount rate. For example, decreasing the discount rate by 100 basis points to 4.625 (while holding other assumptions constant) would increase the forecasted 2023 expense for our U.S. pension and postretirement benefit plans by approximately 4 million. A 100 basis point increase in the discount rate to 6.625 (while holding other assumptions constant) would reduce forecasted 2023 pension and postretirement benefit expense by approximately 4 million. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Rate of Projected Compensation Increase - We have maintained our rate of projected compensation increase at December 31, 2022 at 3.5 . The rate assumption was based on an analysis of our projected compensation increases for the foreseeable future. 
 Liquidity - Cash contribution requirements to the pension plan are sensitive to changes in assumed interest rates and investment gains or losses in the same manner as pension expense. While we do not expect to make a cash contribution to our U.S. qualified pension plans, we expect our aggregate cash contributions to the U.S. pension plans will be approximately 3 million in 2023. We expect our contributions to the postretirement benefit plans will be approximately 2 million in 2023. 
 Foreign Pension Benefit Plans - Our foreign pension plans are quite diverse. The following information applies only to our U.K. pension plan, which represents the majority of the amounts recorded in our financial statements for our foreign pension plans. The average remaining service period of active participants for our U.K. plan is 14 years, while the average remaining life expectancy of inactive participants is 22 years. In determining the impact of the U.K. pension plans on our financial statements, we utilize the S3P (Light) mortality tables weighted by 103 for males and 106 for females and allow for future projected improvements in life expectancy in line with the CMI 2021 model with the core smoothing parameter, an initial addition to mortality improvements of 0.3 per year, and an experience weighting of 7.5 on 2020 and 2021 data, with a long-term rate of improvement of 1 per year based on the membership of the plan. 
 Investment Return Assumptions and Asset Allocation - We periodically review our assumptions for the long-term expected return on the U.K. pension plan assets. The expected long-term rate of return is based on both the asset allocation and yields available in the U.K. markets. 
 The target asset allocation in the U.K. is 40 in pooled equities funds, 40 in pooled government bonds, and 20 in pooled diversified growth funds. The actual allocation at the end of 2022 was 47 in pooled equities funds, 32 in pooled government bonds, and 21 in pooled diversified growth funds. Based on the actual asset allocation and the expected yields available in the U.K. markets, the expected long-term rate of return for the U.K. pension plan was 6.7 at December 31, 2022. 
 An actuarial loss on the assets occurred during 2022 as the actual investment return was less than the expected investment return by approximately 44 million. An actuarial gain on the assets occurred during 2021 as the actual investment return exceeded the expected investment return by approximately 8 million. Investment gains and losses are recognized in earnings on an amortized basis over a period of years. The combined investment loss and actuarial gain on plan liabilities results in no expected amortization in 2023. We expect that there will be continued volatility in pension expense as actual investment returns vary from the expected return, but we continue to believe the potential benefits justify the risk premium for the target asset allocation. 
 Pension expense is sensitive to changes in the expected return on assets. For example, decreasing the expected rate of return by 100 basis points to 5.7 (while holding other assumptions constant) would increase the forecasted 2023 expense for our U.K. pension plan by approximately 2 million. Similarly, a 100 basis point increase in the expected rate of return to 7.7 (while holding other assumptions constant) would reduce forecasted 2023 pension expense by approximately 2 million. 
 Discount Rate Assumption - We utilize a yield curve based on AA-rated corporate bond yields in developing a discount rate assumption. The yield appropriate to the duration of the U.K. plan liabilities is then used. The discount rate at December 31, 2022 was 4.8 . 
 Pension expense is also sensitive to changes in the discount rate. For example, decreasing the discount rate by 100 basis points to 3.8 (while holding other assumptions constant) would increase the forecasted 2023 expense for our U.K. pension plans by approximately 0.5 million. A 100 basis point increase in the discount rate to 5.8 (while holding other assumptions constant) would reduce forecasted 2023 pension expense by approximately 0.4 million. 
 Rate of Projected Compensation Increase - Our rate of projected compensation increase at December 31, 2022 is 3.5 . The rate assumption was based on an analysis of our projected compensation increases for the foreseeable future. 
 Liquidity - Cash contribution requirements to the U.K. pension plan are sensitive to changes in assumed interest rates and investment gains or losses. We expect our aggregate U.K. cash contributions will be approximately 4 million in 2023. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 OUTLOOK 
 Our stated goal is to provide a 10 compounded return per year for our shareholders over any five-year period (defined by earnings per share growth plus dividend yield), although we may not necessarily achieve a 10 return each year. We continue to have confidence in our customer-focused strategy and approach to the market. We believe the fundamentals of how we run our business - a long-term view, safety-first culture, customer-focused solutions, technology-driven product offerings, and world-class supply chain capability - will continue to be beneficial for all of our stakeholders over the long term. 
 We expect our petroleum additives segment to experience impacts to its operating performance due to the current economic environment, as we continue to see challenges with the global supply network, inflationary trends, and raw material price escalation and volatility. We expect that the petroleum additives market will grow in the 1 to 2 range annually for the foreseeable future. We plan to exceed that growth rate over the long-term. 
 Over the past several years we have made significant investments in our business as the industry fundamentals remain positive. These investments have been and will continue to be in organizational talent, technology development and processes, and global infrastructure, consisting of technical centers, production capability and geographic expansion. We intend to utilize these investments to improve our ability to deliver the solutions that our customers value, expand our global reach, and enhance our operating results. We will continue to invest in our capabilities to provide even better value, service, technology, and customer solutions. 
 Our business generates significant amounts of cash beyond its operational needs. We regularly review our many internal opportunities to utilize excess cash from technological, geographic, production capability, and product line perspectives. We believe our capital spending is creating the capability we need to grow and support our customers worldwide, and our research and development investments are positioning us well to provide added value to our customers. Our primary focus in the acquisition area remains on the petroleum additives industry. It is our view that this industry segment will provide the greatest opportunity for solid returns on our investments while minimizing risk. We remain focused on this strategy and will evaluate any future opportunities. We will continue to evaluate all alternative uses of cash to enhance shareholder value, including stock repurchases and dividends. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The following discussion highlights some of the more critical areas where a significant change in facts and circumstances in our operating and financial environment could cause a change in future reported financial results. 
 Income Taxes 
 We file United States, foreign, state, and local income tax returns. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related tax assets and liabilities. Any significant impact as a result of changes in underlying facts, law, tax rates, or tax audits could lead to adjustments to our income tax expense, effective tax rate, financial position, or cash flow. 
 Deferred income taxes are provided for the estimated income tax effect of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities, as well as for net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. When recording these deferred tax assets and liabilities, we must estimate the tax rates we expect will apply to taxable income in the periods in which the deferred tax liability or asset is expected to be settled or realized. In addition, we may record valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Judgment is required as we consider the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets and liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. If our estimates and assumptions change from those used when we recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities, the effect on our results of operations and financial position could be material. 
 The income tax returns for our entities in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions are open for examination by tax authorities. We assess our income tax positions and record a liability for all years open for examination based upon our evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. The economic benefit associated with a tax position will be recognized only if we determine it is more likely than not to be upheld on audit. Although we 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 believe our estimates and judgments are reasonable, actual results could differ, resulting in gains or losses that may be material to our results of operations and financial position. 
 At each interim reporting period, we estimate an effective income tax rate that is expected to be applicable for the full year. Our provision for income taxes is impacted by the income tax rates of the countries where we operate. A change in the geographical source of our income can affect the effective tax rate. Significant judgment is involved regarding the application of global income tax laws and regulations when projecting the jurisdictional mix of income. Additionally, interpretations of tax laws, court decisions, or other guidance provided by taxing authorities influence our estimate of the effective income tax rate. As a result, our actual effective income tax rate and related income tax liabilities may differ materially from our estimated effective tax rate and related income tax liabilities. 
 Intangibles (net of amortization) and Goodwill 
 We have certain identifiable intangibles amounting to 2 million and goodwill amounting to 124 million at December 31, 2022 that are discussed in Note 11. These intangibles and goodwill relate to our petroleum additives business. The intangibles are being amortized over periods with up to approximately 6 years of remaining life. We continue to assess the market related to the intangibles and goodwill, as well as their specific values and evaluate the intangibles and goodwill for any potential impairment when significant events or circumstances occur that might impair the value of these assets. We have concluded the values are appropriate, as are the amortization periods for the intangibles. However, if conditions were to substantially deteriorate in the petroleum additives market, it could possibly cause a decrease in the estimated useful lives of the intangible assets or result in a noncash write-off of all or a portion of the intangibles and goodwill carrying amounts. A reduction in the amortization period of the intangibles would have no effect on cash flows. We do not anticipate such a change in the market conditions in the near term. 
 Pension Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 We use assumptions to record the impact of the pension and postretirement benefit plans in the financial statements. These assumptions include the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. A change in any of these assumptions could cause different results for the plans and therefore, impact our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. We develop these assumptions after considering available information that we deem relevant. Information is provided on the pension and postretirement plans in Note 18. In addition, further disclosure of the effect of changes in these assumptions is provided in the Financial Position and Liquidity section of Item 7. 
 Environmental and Legal Proceedings 
 We have disclosed our environmental matters in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as in Note 21. Our estimates for costs that will be incurred to satisfy our obligations related to environmental matters are affected by many variables, including our judgment regarding the extent of remediation that will be required, future changes in and enforcement and interpretation of laws and regulations, current and future technology available, and timing of remediation activities. While we currently do not anticipate significant changes to the many factors that could impact our environmental requirements, we continue to keep our accruals consistent with these requirements as they change. 
 Also, as noted in the discussion of Legal Proceedings in Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, while it is not possible to predict or determine with certainty the outcome of any legal proceeding, it is our opinion, based on our current knowledge, that we will not experience any material adverse effects on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition as a result of any pending or threatened proceeding. 
 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 For a full discussion of the more significant recently issued accounting standards, see Note 23. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to many market risk factors, including changes in the cost of raw materials, as well as interest and foreign currency rates. These risk factors may affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. 
 We manage these risks through regular operating and financing methods, including the use of derivative financial instruments when deemed appropriate. When we have derivative instruments, they are with major financial institutions and are not for speculative or trading purposes. 
 The following analysis presents the effect on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial position as if the hypothetical changes in market risk factors occurred at December 31, 2022. We analyzed only the potential impacts of our hypothetical assumptions. This analysis does not consider other possible effects that could impact our business. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 At December 31, 2022, we had total long-term debt of 1 billion. All of the long-term debt is at fixed rates except for debt outstanding under the revolving credit facility. There was no interest rate risk at the end of the year associated with the fixed rate debt. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 361 million outstanding variable rate debt under our revolving credit facility. Holding all other variables constant, if the variable portion of the interest rates hypothetically increased 10 , the effect on our earnings and cash flow would have been additional interest expense of 2 million. 
 A hypothetical 100 basis point decrease in interest rates, holding all other variables constant, would have resulted in a change of 41 million in fair value of our debt at December 31, 2022. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We sell to customers in foreign markets through our foreign subsidiaries, as well as through export sales from the United States. These transactions are often denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Our primary currency exposures are the European Union Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Chinese Renminbi, Indian Rupee, Singapore Dollar, Mexican Peso, Australian Dollar, and Canadian Dollar. We may enter into forward contracts as hedges to minimize the fluctuation of intercompany accounts receivable denominated in foreign currencies. At December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding forward contracts. 
 Raw Material Price Risk 
 We utilize a variety of raw materials in the manufacture of our products, including base oil, polyisobutylene, antioxidants, alcohols, solvents, detergents, friction modifiers, olefins, and copolymers. We may also enter into contracts which commit us to purchase some of our more critical raw materials based on anticipated demand. Our profitability is sensitive to changes in the quantities of raw materials we may need and the costs of those materials which may be caused by changes in supply, demand or other market conditions, over which we have little or no control. In addition, political and economic conditions in certain regions of the world in which we operate have caused, and may continue to cause, our demand for and the cost of our raw materials to fluctuate. War, armed hostilities, terrorist acts, civil unrest, inclement weather events, or other incidents may also cause a sudden, sharp, or prolonged change in our demand for and the cost of our raw materials. If we experience such increases in the cost of our raw materials, we may not be able to pass them along to our customers in the form of price increases for our products. The inability to do so would have a negative impact on our operating profit. In addition, if our demand for raw materials were to decline such that we would not have need for the quantities required to be purchased under commitment agreements, we could incur additional charges that would affect our profitability. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NewMarket Corporation 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NewMarket Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of shareholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Valuation of Pension Benefit Obligation 
 As described in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated pension benefit obligation, excluding other postretirement benefits, was 466 million as of December 31, 2022. Management develops the actuarial assumptions used by the various US and foreign plans based upon the circumstances of each particular country and pension plan. As disclosed by management, the determination of the pension benefit obligation requires the use of estimates and assumptions. Management s assumption in the determination of the pension benefit obligation is the discount rate. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the pension benefit obligation is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management to determine the pension benefit obligation. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures to evaluate management s significant assumption used in the valuation of the pension benefit obligation, specifically the discount rate. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of the pension benefit obligation, including controls over the Company s methods, significant assumption, and data. These procedures also included, among others, testing the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of underlying data used in the valuation of the pension benefit obligation. With the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist, these procedures also included testing management s process for determining the pension benefit obligation, evaluating the appropriateness of the methods, and evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumption, specifically the discount rate. 
 
 /s/ 

February 15, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s or its predecessor's auditor since 1947. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 NewMarket Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per-share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Research, development, and testing expenses Operating profit Interest and financing expenses, net Loss on early extinguishment of debt Other income (expense), net Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Earnings per share - basic and diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 NewMarket Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Pension plans and other postretirement benefits: Prior service credit (cost) arising during the period, net of income tax expense (benefit) of ) in 2022, in 2021 and ) in 2020 
 ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) included in net periodic benefit cost (income), net of income tax expense (benefit) of ) in 2022, ) in 2021 and ) in 2020 
 ) ) ) Actuarial net gain (loss) arising during the period, net of income tax expense (benefit) of in 2022, in 2021 and ) in 2020 
 ) Amortization of actuarial net loss (gain) included in net periodic benefit cost (income), net of income tax expense (benefit) of in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020 
 Total pension plans and other postretirement benefits ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of income tax expense (benefit) of in 2022, ) in 2021 and ) in 2020 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 NewMarket Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, (in thousands, except share amounts) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Trade and other accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Intangibles (net of amortization) and goodwill Prepaid pension cost Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred charges and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Dividends payable Income taxes payable Operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities - noncurrent Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 21) Shareholders equity: Common stock and paid-in capital (with par value; authorized shares - ; issued and outstanding - at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 NewMarket Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 Common Stock and Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total Shareholders Equity (in thousands, except share and per-share amounts) Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Tax withholdings related to stock-based compensation 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 NewMarket Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flows from operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt Gain on sale of land ) Change in assets and liabilities: Trade and other accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other current liabilities ) Income taxes payable ) Loss on marketable securities Cash pension and postretirement contributions ) ) ) Other, net ) Cash provided from (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities Proceeds from sale of land Other, net ) Cash provided from (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Redemption of senior notes 
 ) Net borrowings (repayments) under revolving credit facility ) Issuance of senior notes 
 Dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Cash costs of senior notes redemption 
 ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Cash provided from (used in) financing activities ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Effect of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Foreign currency transaction adjustments resulted in a net loss of million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 days or less. Throughout the year, we have cash balances in excess of federally insured amounts on deposit with various financial institutions. We state cash and cash equivalents at cost, which approximates fair value. 

43 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

We made contributions of million in each of 2022, 2021, and 2020 related to these plans. 

44 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

45 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 million at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Revenue recognized from funds collected in advance from customers in an earlier period was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 We recognize revenue when control of the product is transferred to our customer and for an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to collect from the customer. Control is generally transferred to the customer when title transfers (which may include physical possession by the customer), we have a right to payment from the customer, the customer has accepted the product, and the customer has assumed the risks and rewards of ownership. We have supplier managed inventory arrangements with some of our customers to facilitate on-demand product availability. In some cases, the inventory resides at a customer site, although title has not transferred, we are not entitled to payment, and we have not invoiced for the product. We have evaluated the contract terms under these arrangements and have determined that control transfers when the customer uses the product, at which time revenue is recognized. Our contracts generally include one performance obligation, which is providing petroleum additives products. The performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time when products are shipped, delivered, or consumed by the customer, depending on the underlying contracts. 
 Taxes assessed by a governmental authority which are concurrent with sales to our customers, including sales, use, value-added, and revenue-related excise taxes, are collected by us from the customer and are not included in net sales, but are reflected in accrued expenses until remitted to the appropriate governmental authority. When we are responsible for shipping and handling costs after title has transferred, we account for those as fulfillment costs and include them in cost of goods sold. 
 Some of our contracts include variable consideration in the form of rebates or business development funds. We record rebates at the point of sale as contra-revenue when we can reasonably estimate the amount of the rebate. The estimates are based on our best judgment at the time of sale, which includes anticipated as well as historical performance. Depending upon the specific terms of a business development fund, amounts are accrued as contra-revenue at the point of sale or are expensed when costs are incurred by us. We regularly review both rebates and business development funds and make adjustments when necessary, recognizing the full amount of any adjustment in the period identified. We recognized an increase to net sales of million for 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020 related to adjustments to rebates or business development funds which were recognized in revenue in a prior period. At December 31, 2022, accrued rebates were million and accrued business development funds were million. At December 31, 2021, accrued rebates were million and accrued business development funds were million. 

46 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

China Europe, Middle East, Africa, India Asia Pacific, except China Other foreign Net sales 

3 
 shares in 2022, shares in 2021, and shares in 2020 of nonvested restricted stock that were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share, as their effect on earnings per share would be anti-dilutive. 
 The nonvested restricted stock is considered a participating security since the restricted stock contains nonforfeitable rights to dividends. As such, we use the two-class method to compute basic and diluted earnings per share for all periods presented since this method yields the most dilutive result. 
 Earnings allocated to participating securities 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders after allocation of earnings to participating securities 
 Earnings per share denominator: 
 Weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding - basic and diluted 
 Earnings per share - basic and diluted 

4. 

47 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Fuel additives Total All other Net sales (a) Segment operating profit Petroleum additives All other ) ) ) Segment operating profit Corporate, general, and administrative expenses ) ) ) Interest and financing expenses, net ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Other income (expense), net Income before income tax expense 
 
 All other Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Non-segment other accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Non-segment property, plant, and equipment, net 
 Prepaid pension cost Non-segment lease right-of-use assets Non-segment deferred charges and other assets Total assets 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

All other Corporate Total additions to long-lived assets Depreciation and amortization Petroleum additives All other Corporate Total depreciation and amortization 
 Geographic Area Information - We have operations in the North America, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and EMEAI regions. Our foreign customers consist primarily of global, national, and independent oil companies. 
 China Europe, Middle East, Africa, India Asia Pacific, except China Other foreign Net sales 
 December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Total assets United States Foreign Total assets Long-lived assets United States Singapore Other foreign Total long-lived assets 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

5. 
 Income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash transactions Non-cash additions to property, plant, and equipment 

6. 
 million and the equity securities had a cost basis of million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the cost basis for all marketable securities was . 
 Equity securities U.S. government income mutual fund Total marketable securities 
 
 7. 
 Income and other tax receivables Other 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

8. 
 Raw materials Stores, supplies, and other 
 Our U.S. petroleum additives finished goods, work-in-process, and raw materials inventories, which are stated on the LIFO basis, amounted to million at December 31, 2022 and were below replacement cost by approximately million. At December 31, 2021, LIFO basis inventories were million, which was approximately million below replacement cost. 
 Our foreign inventories amounted to million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 Reserves for obsolete and slow-moving inventory included in the table above were not material at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 9. 
 Income taxes on intercompany profit Other 
 
 10. 
 Land improvements Leasehold improvements Buildings Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization Net property, plant, and equipment 
 - years 
 Buildings - years 
 Machinery and equipment - years 
 
 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

11. 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 Contract Customer base Goodwill Aggregate amortization expense 
 Aggregate amortization expense was million in 2020. All of the intangibles relate to the petroleum additives segment. The change in the gross carrying amount between 2021 and 2022 was due to foreign currency fluctuations. There is accumulated goodwill impairment. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 We amortize formulas and technology over years, the contract over years, and the customer base over years. 
 
 12. 
 Deferred income tax assets Asbestos insurance receivables Deferred financing costs, net of amortization Deposit on future leased plant and equipment Other 
 senior notes in 2021 and the senior notes in both 2022 and 2021 is reported as components of long-term debt. See Note 14 for further information on our long-term debt. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

13. 
 Customer rebates Taxes other than income and payroll Interest on long-term debt Other 

14. due 2031 (net of related deferred financing costs) 
 Senior notes - due 2029 
 Senior notes - due 2022 (net of related deferred financing costs) 
 Revolving credit facility Less: Current maturity of senior notes 
 
 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2031 at an issue price of . The senior notes are general unsecured senior obligations and rank equally with our other unsecured senior indebtedness. The offer and sale of the notes were registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We incurred financing costs in 2021 of approximately million related to the senior notes, which are being amortized over the term of the notes. 
 The indenture governing the senior notes includes certain customary covenants that, among other things and subject to certain qualifications and exceptions, limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: 
 grant liens to secure indebtedness; 
 engage in sale and lease back transactions; 
 merge or consolidate with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our assets to a third party. 
 We were in compliance with all covenants under the indenture governing the senior notes as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 3.78 Senior Notes - On January 4, 2017, we issued million in senior unsecured notes in a private placement with The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain other purchasers. These notes bear interest at and mature on January 4, 2029. Interest is payable semiannually. Principal payments of million are payable annually beginning on January 4, 2025. We have the right to make optional prepayments on the notes at any time, subject to certain limitations. The note purchase agreement contains representations, warranties, terms, and conditions customary for transactions of this type. These include negative covenants, certain financial covenants, and events of default which are substantially similar to the covenants and events of default in our revolving credit facility. 
 We were in compliance with all covenants under the senior notes as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2022 at an issue price of . The notes were senior unsecured obligations. We incurred financing costs totaling approximately million related to the senior notes, which were being amortized over the term of the agreement. Interest was payable semiannually. 
 The senior notes ranked: 
 equal in right of payment with all of our existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness; and 
 senior in right of payment to any of our future subordinated indebtedness. 
 The indenture governing the senior notes contained covenants that, among other things, limited our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: 
 create or permit to exist liens; 
 enter into sale-leaseback transactions; 
 incur additional guarantees; and 
 sell all or substantially all of our assets or consolidate or merge with or into other companies. 
 On March 15, 2022, we redeemed the senior notes at a redemption price of of the principal amount of million plus the accrued and unpaid interest on the notes and the applicable premium as outlined in the Indenture dated December 20, 2012. The senior notes were due December 2022. We recognized a loss of million on the early extinguishment including cash paid of million for the premium on the early redemption and a write-off of million of unamortized deferred financing costs. 
 Revolving Credit Facility - On March 5, 2020, NewMarket and certain foreign subsidiary borrowers entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement) with a term of . The Credit Agreement provides for a million, multicurrency revolving credit facility with a million sublimit for foreign currency borrowings, a million sublimit for letters of credit, and a million sublimit for swingline loans. The Credit Agreement includes an expansion feature which allows us, subject to certain conditions, to request an increase in the aggregate amount of the revolving credit facility or obtain incremental term loans in an amount up to million. NewMarket's obligations under the Credit Agreement are unsecured and the obligations of foreign subsidiary borrowers are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by NewMarket. The revolving credit facility is available on a revolving basis until March 5, 2025. 
 Borrowings made under the revolving credit facility bear interest at a variable rate determined, at our option, at an annual rate equal to (i) the Alternate Base Rate (ABR), (ii) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (SOFR), or (iii) the Adjusted EURIBO Rate (EURIBO), each plus the Applicable Rate and all as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Applicable Rate is based, at our option, on our Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) or credit rating. Prior to January 11, 2023, when we amended our revolving credit facility, LIBOR was utilized instead of SOFR as an option to establish interest rates on the revolving credit facility. 
 We paid financing costs in 2020 of approximately million related to this revolving credit facility and carried over deferred financing costs from our previous revolving credit facility of approximately million, resulting in total deferred financing costs of million, which we are amortizing over the term of the Credit Agreement. 
 There were outstanding borrowings amounting to million under the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022 compared to million outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2021. Outstanding letters of credit amounted to million at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, resulting in the unused portion of the applicable credit facility amounting to million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 The average interest rate for borrowings under the credit facilities was during 2022 and during 2021. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain customary covenants, including financial covenants that require NewMarket to maintain a consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of no more than to 1.00 except during an Increased Leverage Period (as defined in the Credit Agreement). We were in compliance with all covenants under the revolving credit facility in effect at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

15. 
 Employee benefits Finance lease liabilities Environmental remediation Asbestos litigation reserve Deemed repatriation of earnings Other 
 
 16. 
 years. No participant may be granted or awarded, in any calendar year, shares, options, SARs, or stock units covering more than shares of our common stock in the aggregate. For purposes of this limitation and the individual limitation on the grant of options, an option and corresponding SAR are treated as a single award. 
 The maximum aggregate number of shares of our common stock that may be issued under the Plan is . At December 31, 2022, shares were available for grant. During 2022, we granted shares to of our non-employee directors, which vested immediately. 
 Granted in 2022 Vested in 2022 Forfeited in 2022 ) Unvested stock awards at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted average grant-date fair value was for stock awards granted in 2021 and for stock awards granted in 2020. The fair value of shares vested was million in 2020. shares vested in 2021. We recognized compensation expense of million in each of 2022, 2021, and 2020 related to stock awards. At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation expense related to stock awards was million, which is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

17. 
 to years. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of assets Interest on lease liabilities Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 Variable lease costs also include leases that do not have a right-of-use asset or lease liability but are capitalized as part of inventory. 
 Current liability Operating lease liabilities Noncurrent liability Operating lease liabilities-noncurrent Finance leases Right-of-use assets Deferred charges and other assets Current liability Other current liabilities Noncurrent liability Other noncurrent liabilities 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Finance leases Weighted average incremental borrowing rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations Operating leases Finance leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease obligations 
 Operating lease payments in the table above include approximately million related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised. At December 31, 2022, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced but provide for right-of-use assets of approximately million with remaining related lease obligations of approximately million, which are not included in the above table. Most of the commitments relate to plant and equipment that is being constructed or procured by the future lessors. These leases are expected to commence in 2023. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

18. 
 pension plans for all full-time U.S. employees that offer a benefit based primarily on years of service and compensation. Employees do not contribute to these pension plans. The plans are as follows: 
 Salaried employees pension plan; 
 Afton pension plan for union employees (the Sauget plan); 
 NewMarket retirement income plan for union employees in Houston, Texas (the Houston plan); and 
 Afton Chemical Additives pension plan for union employees in Port Arthur, Texas (the Port Arthur plan). 
 In addition, we offer an unfunded, nonqualified supplemental pension plan. This plan restores the pension benefits from our regular pension plans that would have been payable to designated participants if it were not for limitations imposed by U.S. federal income tax regulations. We also provide postretirement health care benefits and life insurance to eligible retired employees. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial net (gain) loss 
 Net periodic benefit cost (income) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Actuarial net (gain) loss ) ) ) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) ) Amortization of actuarial net gain (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (cost) credit ) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost (income) and other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial net (gain) loss ) ) ) Plan amendment Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 Funded status ) ) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Actuarial net (gain) loss ) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all domestic defined benefit pension plans was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 The fair market value of plan assets exceeded both the accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation for all domestic plans, except the nonqualified plan, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The net asset position for plans in which assets exceeded the projected benefit obligation is included in prepaid pension cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The net liability position of plans in which the projected benefit obligation exceeded assets is included in other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 A portion of the accrued benefit cost for the nonqualified plan is included in current liabilities at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As the nonqualified plan is unfunded, the amount reflected in current liabilities represents the expected benefit payments related to the nonqualified plan during the following year. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Fair market value of plan assets Pension plans with the projected benefit obligation in excess of the fair market value of plan assets Projected benefit obligation Fair market value of plan assets Postretirement benefit plans with the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation in excess of the fair market value of plan assets Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation Fair market value of plan assets 
 There are no assets held by the trustee for the retired beneficiaries of the nonqualified plan. Payments to retired beneficiaries of the nonqualified plan are made with cash from operations. The postretirement healthcare benefits are also unfunded and paid with cash from operations. The benefits from the postretirement life insurance plan are funded through an insurance contract. 
 Assumptions - 
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 Rate of projected compensation increase Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at December 31, 
 Discount rate Rate of projected compensation increase 
 
 For pension plans, we base the assumed expected long-term rate of return for plan assets on an analysis of our actual investments, including our asset allocation, as well as an analysis of expected returns. This analysis reflects the expected long-term rates of return for each significant asset class and economic indicator. The range of returns relies both on forecasts and on broad-market historical benchmarks for expected return, correlation, and volatility for each asset class. Our asset allocation is predominantly weighted towards equities. Through ongoing monitoring of our investments and review of market data, we have determined that we should maintain the expected long-term rate of return for our U.S. plans at for the year beginning January 1, 2023. For the postretirement plan, we based the assumed expected long-term rate of return for plan assets on an evaluation of projected interest rates, as well as the guaranteed interest rate for our insurance contract. As a result of that evaluation, we have maintained the expected long-term rate of return to for the year beginning January 1, 2023. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

to in equities, to in debt securities and to in cash. 
 The pension obligation is long-term in nature and the investment philosophy followed by the Pension Investment Committee is likewise long-term in its approach. The majority of the pension funds are invested in equity securities as historically, equity securities have outperformed debt securities and cash investments, resulting in a higher investment return over the long-term. While in the short-term, equity securities may underperform other investment classes, we are less concerned with short-term results and more concerned with long-term improvement. The pension funds are managed by several different investment companies who predominantly invest in U.S. and international equities. Each investment company s performance is reviewed quarterly. A small portion of the funds is in investments such as cash and cash equivalents or short-term bonds, which historically has been less vulnerable to short-term market swings. These funds are used to provide the cash needed to meet our monthly obligations. 
 There are no significant concentrations of risk within plan assets, nor do the equity securities include any NewMarket common stock for any year presented. 
 The assets of the postretirement benefit plan are invested completely in an insurance contract. No NewMarket common stock is included in these assets. 
 International companies 
 Cash and cash equivalents Pooled investment funds: 
 Fixed income securities mutual funds 
 International equities mutual fund 
 Common collective trusts measured at net asset value 
 
 Postretirement Plans Insurance contract 
 The valuation methodologies used to develop the fair value measurements for the investments in the table above are outlined below. There have been no changes in the valuation techniques used to value the investments. 
 Equity securities are valued at the closing price reported on a national exchange. 
 Cash and cash equivalents are valued at cost. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

unfunded commitments. In 2021, there was a third common collective trust that invested primarily in a diversified portfolio of equity securities of companies located outside of the United States and Canada, as determined by a company's jurisdiction of incorporation. We could make withdrawals from this trust on the first business day of each month with notice of at least days. We sold our interest in this trust during 2022. 
 The insurance contracts are unallocated funds deposited with an insurance company and are stated at an amount equal to the sum of all amounts deposited less the sum of all amounts withdrawn, adjusted for investment return. 
 Cash Flows - For U.S. plans, NewMarket expects to contribute million to our pension plans and million to our postretirement benefit plan in 2023. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 
 Foreign Retirement Plans 
 For most employees of our foreign subsidiaries, NewMarket has defined benefit pension plans that offer benefits based primarily on years of service and compensation. These defined benefit plans provide benefits for employees of our foreign subsidiaries located in Belgium, the U.K., Germany, Canada, and Mexico. NewMarket generally contributes to investment trusts and insurance accounts to provide for these plans. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) Amortization of actuarial net (gain) loss Net periodic benefit cost (income) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Actuarial net (gain) loss ) ) Prior service cost (credit) Amortization of actuarial net gain (loss) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (cost) credit ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost (income) and other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) 

63 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Service cost Interest cost Employee contributions Actuarial net (gain) loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Employee contributions Benefits paid ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status ) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Actuarial net (gain) loss Prior service cost (credit) 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all foreign defined benefit pension plans was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 The fair market value of plan assets exceeded both the accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation for the Canada and U.K. plans at both year-end 2022 and 2021. The net asset position of the Canada and U.K. plans are included in prepaid pension cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The accumulated benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation exceeded the fair market value of plan assets for the Germany, Belgium, and Mexico plans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The accrued benefit cost of these plans is included in other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for both years. 
 As the Germany plan is unfunded, a portion of the accrued benefit cost is included in current liabilities at year-end 2022 and 2021, reflecting the expected benefit payments related to the plan for the following year. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Fair market value of plan assets Pension plans with the projected benefit obligation in excess of the fair market value of plan assets Projected benefit obligation Fair market value of plan assets 
 
 Assumptions - We 
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 Rate of projected compensation increase Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at December 31, 
 Discount rate Rate of projected compensation increase 
 The actuarial assumptions used by the various foreign locations are based upon the circumstances of each particular country and pension plan. The factors impacting the determination of the long-term rate of return for a particular foreign pension plan include the market conditions within a particular country, as well as the investment strategy and asset allocation of the specific plan. 
 Plan Assets - Pension plan assets vary by foreign location and plan. Assets are held and distributed by trusts and, depending upon the foreign location and plan, consist primarily of pooled equity funds, pooled debt securities funds, pooled diversified funds, equity securities, debt securities, cash, and insurance contracts. The combined weighted-average target allocation of our foreign pension plans is in equities (including pooled funds), in debt securities (including pooled funds), in insurance contracts, and in pooled diversified funds. 
 While the pension obligation is long-term in nature for each of our foreign plans, the investment strategies followed by each plan vary to some degree based upon the laws of a particular country, as well as the provisions of the specific pension trust. The U.K. and Canada plans are invested predominantly in equity securities funds, diversified funds, and debt securities funds. The funds of these plans are managed by various trustees and investment companies whose performance is reviewed throughout the year. The Belgium plan is invested in an insurance contract. The Mexico plans are invested in mutual funds, equities, and debt securities. The Germany plan has no assets. 
 There are no significant concentrations of risk within plan assets, nor do the equity securities include any NewMarket common stock for any year presented. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Equity securities international companies 
 Debt securities 
 Pooled investment funds mutual funds 
 Cash and cash equivalents Pooled investment funds (measured at net asset value): 
 Equity securities U.S. companies 
 Equity securities international companies 
 Debt securities 
 Diversified growth funds 
 
 The valuation methodologies used to develop the fair value measurements for the investments in the table above are outlined below. There have been no changes in the valuation techniques used to value the investments. 
 The insurance contract represents funds deposited with an insurance company and is stated at an amount equal to the sum of all amounts deposited less the sum of all amounts withdrawn, adjusted for investment return. 
 Equity securities are valued at the closing price reported on a national exchange. 
 Debt securities are valued by quoted market prices or valued based on yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings. 
 Pooled investment mutual funds are valued at the closing price reported on a national exchange. 
 Cash and cash equivalents are valued at cost. 
 The pooled investment funds are valued at the net asset value of units held by the plans based on the quoted market value of the underlying investments held by the fund. The U.K. pension plan is invested in units of life insurance policies that are linked to equity securities funds, government bond funds, and diversified growth funds. The underlying assets of the equity funds, bond funds, and diversified growth funds are traded on a national exchange and are based on tracking various indices of the London Stock Exchange. There are no redemption restrictions on these funds. There were unfunded commitments for the U.K. pension plan funds. The Canada pension plan is invested in a pooled Canadian equity fund and a pooled diversified fund. The Canadian equity fund invests in a diversification (sector and industry) of equities listed on a recognized Canadian exchange. The diversified fund invests in a diversified mix of equities, fixed income securities, cash, and cash equivalent securities. There are no redemption restrictions on the pooled Canadian funds and there were unfunded commitments. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million to the plans in 2023. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 
 
 19. 
 Foreign Income tax expense Current income taxes Federal State Foreign Deferred income taxes Federal ) State ) Foreign ) ) Total income tax expense 

67 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

State taxes, net of federal tax Foreign operations Research tax credit ) ) ) Foreign-derived intangible tax benefit ) ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) ) Taxes applicable to prior years ) ) ) Other items and adjustments Effective income tax rate 
 Lease liabilities Operating loss and credit carryforwards Foreign currency translation adjustments Other Gross deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities Depreciation and amortization Future employee benefits Lease assets Other Total deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred income tax (liabilities) assets ) ) 
 Net deferred income tax (liabilities) assets in the table above are reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a net jurisdictional basis. Deferred income tax assets are included in deferred charges and other assets. See Note 12. Deferred income tax liabilities are included in other noncurrent liabilities. See Note 15. 
 Our deferred taxes are in a net liability position at December 31, 2022. Our deferred tax assets include million of foreign operating loss carryforwards, foreign capital loss carryforwards, foreign non-trading deficit carryforwards, and foreign and state tax credits. The operating loss carryforwards expire in 2028 through 2040 and certain tax credits expire in 2026 through 2027. Based on current forecasted operating plans and historical profitability, we believe that we will recover the full benefit of our deferred tax assets with the exception of million of the aforementioned operating loss, capital loss, and tax credit carryforwards. Therefore, as of December 31, 2022, we have recorded an offsetting valuation allowance in this amount. During 2021, we released the valuation allowance on a negligible amount of net operating losses that we utilized during the year. During 2022, we did not release any valuation allowances. 

68 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million deferred tax liability for the currency impact and for the withholding taxes that will not be creditable upon distribution. As of December 31, 2022, we have an immaterial deferred tax liability for withholding taxes that will not be creditable upon distribution. 
 We have not provided a deferred tax liability on approximately million of temporary differences related to investments in foreign subsidiaries that are essentially permanent in duration, as these earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. If we were to repatriate these earnings, we could be subject to income taxes and withholding taxes in various countries. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred income tax liability is not practicable due to the complexity associated with the hypothetical calculation. 
 Increases for tax positions of prior years Increases for tax positions of the current year Settlements ) Lapses of statutes ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 At December 31, 2022, all of the amount of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. 
 We expect the amount of unrecognized tax benefits to change in the next twelve months; however, we do not expect the change to have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 years to years. Years still open to examination by foreign tax authorities in major jurisdictions include: the U.K. (2020 and forward); Singapore (2018 and forward); Belgium (2019 and forward); and Mexico (2017 and forward). 

20. 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The fair value is categorized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 No material events occurred during 2022 requiring adjustment to the recognized balances of assets or liabilities which are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
 The estimated fair value of our long-term debt is shown in the table below and is based primarily on estimated current rates available to us for debt of the same remaining duration and adjusted for nonperformance risk and credit risk. The estimated fair value of our publicly traded outstanding senior notes included in long-term debt in the table below is based on the last quoted price closest to December 31 of each year. The fair value of our debt instruments is categorized as Level 2. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

21. 
 million at December 31, 2022, all of which are due within . We also have commitments for leases which have not yet commenced. See Note 17 for further information. 
 Purchase Obligations - We have purchase obligations for goods or services that are enforceable, legally binding, and specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty. Purchase orders made in the ordinary course of business are excluded from this amount. Any amounts for which we are liable under purchase orders are reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as accounts payable or accrued expenses. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 
 Litigation - We are involved in legal proceedings that are incidental to our business and may include administrative or judicial actions. Some of these legal proceedings involve governmental authorities and relate to environmental matters. For further information, see Environmental below and Item 1 of this Form 10-K. 
 While it is not possible to predict or determine with certainty the outcome of any legal proceeding, we believe the outcome of any of these proceedings, or all of them combined, will not result in a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Asbestos 
 We are a defendant in personal injury lawsuits involving exposure to asbestos. These cases involve exposure to asbestos in premises owned or operated, or formerly owned or operated, by subsidiaries of NewMarket. We have never manufactured, sold, or distributed products that contain asbestos. Nearly all of these cases are pending in Texas, Louisiana, or Illinois and involve multiple defendants. We maintain an accrual for these proceedings, as well as a receivable for expected insurance recoveries. 
 The accrual for our premises asbestos liability related to currently asserted claims is based on the following assumptions and factors: 
 We are often one of many defendants. This factor influences both the number of claims settled against us and the indemnity cost associated with such resolutions. 
 The estimated percent of claimants in each case that, after discovery, will actually make a claim against us, out of the total number of claimants in a case, is based on a level consistent with past experience and current trends. 
 We utilize average comparable plaintiff cost history as the basis for estimating pending premises asbestos-related claims. These claims are filed by both former contractors and former employees who worked at past and present company locations. We also include an estimated inflation factor in the calculation. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The liabilities related to premises asbestos claims are included in accrued expenses (current portion) and other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Certain of these costs are recoverable through the settlement agreements with The Travelers Indemnity Company and with Albemarle Corporation. The receivable for these recoveries related to premises asbestos liabilities was million at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. These receivables are included in trade and other accounts receivable, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the current portion. The noncurrent portion is included in deferred charges and other assets. 
 Environmental - We are involved in environmental proceedings and potential proceedings relating to soil and groundwater contamination, disposal of hazardous waste, and other environmental matters at several of our current or former facilities, or at third-party sites where we have been designated as a PRP. While we believe we are currently adequately accrued for known environmental issues, it is possible that unexpected future costs could have a significant impact on our financial statements. Our total accruals for environmental remediation, dismantling, and decontamination were approximately million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Of the total accrual, the current portion is included in accrued expenses and the noncurrent portion is included in other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets . 
 million of the total accrual at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, using discount rates ranging from to . The aggregate undiscounted amount for these sites was million at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Of the total accrued for these two sites, the amount related to remediation of groundwater and soil was million for the Louisiana site and million for the Texas site at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

71 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

22. ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (a) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (a) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (a) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (a) The pension plan and other postretirement benefit components of accumulated other comprehensive loss are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (income). See Note 18 for further information. 

23. 

72 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance of the reliability of the financial records and the protection of assets. Under Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), we carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under that framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PCAOB ID ), an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

73 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders (Proxy Statement) under the headings entitled Election of Directors, Committees of Our Board, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and is included in Part I of this Form 10-K under the heading entitled Information about our Executive Officers. 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to our directors, officers, and employees (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer) and have posted the Code of Conduct on our internet website. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K relating to amendments to or waivers from any provision of our Code of Conduct applicable to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer by posting this information on our internet website. Our internet website address is www.newmarket.com. 
 We have filed, as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the certifications of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer required under Sections 906 and 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 to be filed with the SEC regarding the quality of our public disclosure. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the headings (including the narrative disclosures following a referenced table) entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis, The Compensation Committee Report, Compensation of Executive Officers, and Compensation of Directors. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Except as noted below, the information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading Stock Ownership. 
 The following table presents information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to equity compensation plans under which shares of our common stock are authorized for issuance. 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders: 
 2014 Incentive Compensation and Stock Plan 0 0 938,034 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders (b) 0 0 0 Total 0 0 938,034 
 (a) There are no outstanding options, rights, or warrants. 
 (b) We do not have any equity compensation plans that have not been approved by shareholders. 

75 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the headings entitled Board of Directors and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

76 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (A)(1) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (A)(2) Financial Statement Schedules none required (A)(3) Exhibits 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation Amended and Restated effective April 27, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 1-32190) filed April 30, 2012) 3.2 
 NewMarket Corporation Bylaws Amended and Restated effective August 6, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 1- 32190) filed August 6, 2015) 4.1 
 Description of Company's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-K (File No. 1-32190) filed February 16, 2021) 4.2 
 Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2021, between NewMarket Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 1- 32190) filed March 18, 2021) 4.3 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2021, between NewMarket Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K (File No. 1- 32190) filed March 18, 2021) 4. 4 
 Form of 2.70 Senior Notes due 2031 (form included as Exhibit A to the First Supplemental Indenture (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K (File No. 1- 32190) filed March 18, 2021) 10.1 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated January 4, 2017, by and among NewMarket Corporation, The Prudential Life Insurance Company of America, The Gibraltar Life Insurance Co., Ltd, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company and The Prudential Life Insurance Company, Ltd., (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 1-32190) filed January 5, 2017) 10.2 
 First Amendment, dated as of October 10, 2017, to Note Purchase Agreement dated January 4, 2017, by and among NewMarket Corporation, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, The Gibraltar Life Insurance Co., Ltd, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company and The Prudential Life Insurance Company, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q (file No. 1-32190) filed October 26, 2017) 10.3 
 Second Amendment, dated as of March 19, 2020, to the Note Purchase agreement dated January 4, 2017, by and among NewMarket Corporation, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, The Gibraltar Life Insurance Co., Ltd, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company and The Prudential Life Insurance Company, Ltd (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q (file No. 1-32190) filed April 23, 2020) 10.4 
 2014 Incentive Compensation and Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 1-32190) filed April 24, 2014) 10.5 Excess Benefit Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Ethyl Corporation s Form 10-K (File No. 1-5112) filed February 25, 1993) 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 10.6 Trust Agreement between Ethyl Corporation and Merrill Lynch Trust Company of America (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Ethyl Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-60889) filed August 7, 1998) 10.7 
 NewMarket Corporation and Affiliates Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Ethyl Corporation s Form 10-K (File No. 1-5112) filed March 14, 2003) 10.8 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2004 by and among NewMarket Corporation, Ethyl Corporation and Afton Chemical Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q (File No. 1-32190) filed August 5, 2004) 10.9 
 Services Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2004, by and between NewMarket Services Corporation and Afton Chemical Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q (File No. 1-32190) filed November 5, 2004) 10.10 
 Services Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2004, by and between NewMarket Services Corporation and Ethyl Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q (File No. 1-32190) filed November 5, 2004) 10.11 
 Services Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2004, by and between NewMarket Services Corporation and NewMarket Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q (File No. 1-32190) filed November 5, 2004) 10.12 
 Summary of Directors Compensation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q (1-32190) filed October 26, 2021) 10.13 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K (File No. 1-32190) filed February 19, 2019) 10.14 
 Form of Performance Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 1-32190) filed February 26, 2018) 10.15 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2020, by and among the Company and the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers party thereto; the Lenders party thereto; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent; Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent; U.S. Bank National Association, Citibank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and DBS Bank Ltd., as Co-Documentation Agents; and Bank of the West and TD Bank, N.A., as Senior Managing Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (file No. 1-32190) filed March 11, 2020) 10.16 
 Amendment No. 1, dated November 5, 2021, to the Credit Agreement dated March 5, 2020, by and among the Company and the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers party thereto; the Lenders party thereto; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent; Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent; U.S. Bank National Association, Citibank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and DBS Bank Ltd., as Co-Documentation Agents; and Bank of the West and TD Bank, N.A., as Senior Managing Agents 10.17 
 Amendment No. 2, dated January 11, 2023, to the Credit Agreement dated March 5, 2020, by and among the Company and the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers party thereto; the Lenders party thereto; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent; Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent; U.S. Bank National Association, Citibank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and DBS Bank Ltd., as Co-Documentation Agents; and Bank of the West and TD Bank, N.A., as Senior Managing Agents 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 31(a) 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Thomas E. Gottwald 31(b) 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by William J. Skrobacz 32(a) 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Thomas E. Gottwald 32(b) 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by William J. Skrobacz 101 XBRL Instance Document and Related Items 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Indicates management contracts, compensatory plans or arrangements of the company required to be filed as an exhibit 
 
 (B) Exhibits - The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 

80 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 NEWMARKET CORPORATION By: /s/ Thomas E. Gottwald (Thomas E. Gottwald, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer) Date: February 15, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of February 15, 2023. 
 SIGNATURE TITLE /s/ T HOMAS E. G OTTWALD 
 Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) (Thomas E. Gottwald) /s/ W ILLIAM J. S KROBACZ 
 Chief Financial Officer and Vice President (Principal Financial Officer) (William J. Skrobacz) /s/ G AIL C. R IDGEWAY 
 Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) (Gail C. Ridgeway) /s/ M ARK M. G AMBILL 
 Director (Mark M. Gambill) /s/ B RUCE C. G OTTWALD 
 Director (Bruce C. Gottwald) /s/ P ATRICK D. H ANLEY 
 Director (Patrick D. Hanley) /s/ H. H ITER H ARRIS 
 Director (H. Hiter Harris III) /s/ J. E. R OGERS 
 Director (James E. Rogers) /s/ T ING X U 
 Director (Ting Xu) 
 
 81 

<EX-10.16>
 2
 neu-20221231xexhibit1016.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.16

Document 

Exhibit 10.16 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 
 Dated as of November 5, 2021 
 to 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of March 5, 2020 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 (this Amendment is made as of November 5, 2021 by and among NEWMARKET CORPORATION, a Virginia corporation (the Company ), Afton Chemical UK Holdings Limited Afton UK ), Afton Chemical Switzerland GmbH Afton Switzerland and together with the Company and Afton UK, the Borrowers ), the financial institutions listed on the signature pages hereof and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), under that certain Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the requisite Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent have so agreed on the terms and conditions set forth herein 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Borrowers, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent hereby agree to enter into this Amendment. 
 1. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . The parties hereto agree that, effective as of the date of satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 below, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows (the Credit Agreement as so amended, the Amended Credit Agreement 
 (a) Effective as of 12 00 a.m., New York City time, on December 15, 2021, Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to restate the definition of Agreed Currencies appearing therein in its entirety as follows 
 Agreed Currencies means (i) Dollars, (ii) euro and (iii) any other currency (x) that is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and (y) that is agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that on and after December 15, 2021, the only Agreed Currencies under this Agreement shall be Dollars and euro (notwithstanding any references in this Agreement to any other currency) and no additional currency shall be included as an Agreed Currency until such currency is requested by the Company and approved by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement mutually satisfactory to the Company, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. 
 (b) Effective as of 12 00 a.m., New York City time, on December 15, 2021, the definition of Interest Period set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to replace the reference to ending on the day that is seven (7) days thereafter or the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months thereafter appearing 

therein with a reference to ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter therefor. 
 (c) Section 2.11 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to insert a new clause (c) therein immediately following clause (b) thereof as follows 
 (c) The Borrowers will repay or prepay in full all outstanding Loans and Borrowings denominated in Pounds Sterling, Swiss Francs and Japanese Yen on or prior to December 31, 2021. 
 2. Conditions of Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received payment of the Administrative Agent s and its affiliates fees and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees, charges and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent) in connection with this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to the extent provided for in Section 9.03 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 3. Representations and Warranties of the Borrowers . Each Borrower hereby represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) This Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders, and this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Borrower. 
 (b) This Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Borrower, enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting the creditor s rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding at equity or at law. 
 (c) As of the date hereof and after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if the applicable representation or warranty is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualification). 
 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Upon the effectiveness hereof, each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) Each Loan Document and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith. 
 (d) This Amendment is a Loan Document. 
 2 

5. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 6. Headings . Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 
 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. As used herein, Electronic Signatures means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 NEWMARKET CORPORATION, 
 as the Company 

By _ s Brian D. Paliotti_____________________ Name Brian D. Paliotti 
 Title CFO & VP 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

AFTON CHEMICAL UK HOLDINGS LIMITED, 
 as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower 

By ___ s Catherine Martin __________________ 
 Name Catherine Martin 
 Title Director 

By s David Richard Ellis________________ 
 Name David Richard Ellis 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

AFTON CHEMICAL SWITZERLAND GMBH, 
 as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower 

By ___ _ s Cameron Warner _________________ 
 Name Cameron Warner 
 Title Member 

By ____ s William Skrobacz ___________________ 
 Name William Skrobacz 
 Title Chairman 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 individually as a Lender and as Administrative Agent 

By __ s Will Price ____________________________ 
 Name Will Price 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By _ s Colleen Landau ____________________ 
 Name Colleen Landau 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By __ s Kelsey E Hehman __________________ 
 Name Kelsey E Hehman 
 Title Assistant Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

CITIBANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By __ s Andrew Stella _______________________ 
 Name Andrew Stella 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By _ s Nathan R. Rantala ___________________ 
 Name Nathan R. Rantala 
 Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

DBS BANK LTD., 
 as a Lender 

By __ s Josephine Lim _________________ 
 Name Josephine Lim 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

TD BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By _ s Steve Levi ______________________ 
 Name Steve Levi 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By ___ s David Notaro ___________________ 
 Name David Notaro 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By __ s David W. Dinella ___________________ 
 Name David W. Dinella 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 neu-20221231xexhibit1017.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.17

Document 

Exhibit 10.17 
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 
 Dated as of January 11, 2023 
 to 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of March 5, 2020 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this Amendment is made as of January 11, 2023 by and among NEWMARKET CORPORATION, a Virginia corporation (the Company ), Afton Chemical UK Holdings Limited Afton UK ), Afton Chemical Switzerland GmbH Afton Switzerland and together with the Company and Afton UK, the Borrowers ), the financial institutions listed on the signature pages hereof and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), under that certain Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Administrative Agent have jointly (x) determined that syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars being executed around the date hereof, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement, are being executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the LIBO Rate and (y) hereby elect to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred with respect to Dollars and hereby provide written notice of such election to the Lenders 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.14(c) of the Credit Agreement, upon the occurrence of an Early Opt-In Election, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend the Credit Agreement to replace the LIBO Rate with a Benchmark Replacement, and pursuant to Section 2.14(d) of the Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent may, in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
 WHEREAS, the Lenders party hereto hereby agree that (x) this Amendment constitutes notice of an Early Opt-In Election, the implementation of the relevant Benchmark Replacement and the effectiveness of Benchmark Conforming Changes required to be given to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.14(e) of the Credit Agreement and (y) this Amendment constitutes such Lender s written notice that it accepts such amendment implementing such Benchmark Replacement and such Benchmark Conforming Changes for purposes of Section 2.14(c) of the Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Benchmark Transition Start Date with respect to Dollars shall be the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) and 
 WHEREAS, the Lenders party hereto hereby consent to the other changes to the Credit Agreement contemplated hereby 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Borrowers, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent hereby agree to enter into this Amendment. 
 1. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . The parties hereto agree that, effective as of the date of satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2 below, the Credit Agreement shall be amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following 

example stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached as Annex A hereto (the Credit Agreement as so amended, the Amended Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 2. Conditions of Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent (the date that such conditions are satisfied, the Effective Date 
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrowers, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent (the date that such condition is satisfied, the Amendment Effective Date ). 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received payment of the Administrative Agent s and its affiliates fees and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees, charges and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent) in connection with this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to the extent provided for in Section 9.03 of the Amended Credit Agreement 
 3. Representations and Warranties of the Borrowers . Each Borrower hereby represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) This Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders, and this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Borrower. 
 (b) This Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Borrower, enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting the creditor s rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding at equity or at law. 
 (c) As of the date hereof and after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if the applicable representation or warranty is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualification). 
 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Upon the effectiveness hereof, each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) Each Loan Document and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith. 
 (d) This Amendment is a Loan Document. 
 2 

5. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 6. Headings . Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 
 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. As used herein, Electronic Signatures means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 NEWMARKET CORPORATION, 
 as the Company 

By ___ s William J. Skrobacz _______________ Name William J. Skrobacz 
 Title Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

AFTON CHEMICAL UK HOLDINGS LIMITED, 
 as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower 

By ____ s Thomas Poole _____________________ 
 Name Thomas Poole 
 Title Finance Director 

By ____ s Catherine Martin ___________________ 
 Name Catherine Martin 
 Title Senior Vice President, Global Business & 
 Managing Director, EMEAI 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

AFTON CHEMICAL SWITZERLAND GMBH, 
 as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower 

By __ s Cameron Warner ______________________ 
 Name Cameron Warner 
 Title Member 

By ___ s Thomas Schmid _________________ 
 Name Thomas Schmid 
 Title Member 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 individually as a Lender and as Administrative Agent 

By __ s Peter S. Predun ________________________ 
 Name Peter S. Predun 
 Title Executive Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By __ s Nancy A. Old ____________________ 
 Name Nancy A. Old 
 Title SVP 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By ___ s Mark Isrey ________________ 
 Name Mark Isrey 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

CITIBANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By __ s Andrew Stella ___________________ 
 Name Andrew Stella 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By ____ s Nathan R. Rantala _______________ 
 Name Nathan R. Rantala 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

DBS BANK LTD., 
 as a Lender 

By ____ s Kate Khoo __________________ 
 Name Kate Khoo 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

BANK OF THE WEST, 
 as a Lender 

By ___ s Jeffrey Toner ________________________ 
 Name Jeffrey Toner 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

TD BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By ___ s Steve Levi _____________________ 
 Name Steve Levi 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender 

By ___ s David Notaro __________________ 
 Name David Notaro 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 

By ____ s David W. Dinella ________________ 
 Name David W. Dinella 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to 
 Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 
 NewMarket Corporation 

CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of March 5, 2020 among 
 
 NEWMARKET CORPORATION 
 AFTON CHEMICAL UK HOLDINGS LIMITED 
 AFTON CHEMICAL SWITZERLAND GMBH 
 
 The Other Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers Party Hereto 
 The Lenders Party Hereto 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. as Administrative Agent 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. as Syndication Agent 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and 
 DBS BANK LTD. as Co-Documentation Agents 
 
 BANK OF THE WEST and 
 TD BANK, N.A. as Senior Managing Agents 
 
 __________________________________ 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and 
 BofA SECURITIES, INC. as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers 

Table of Contents (continued) 
 Page 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 1 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 35 37 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 35 37 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP 36 37 
 SECTION 1.05. Status of Obligations 36 38 
 SECTION 1.06. Luxembourg Terms 36 38 
 SECTION 1.07. Interest Rates LIBOR Benchmark Notification 37 38 
 SECTION 1.08. Letter of Credit Amounts 37 39 
 SECTION 1.09. Divisions 38 39 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 38 39 
 SECTION 2.01. Commitments 38 39 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 38 39 
 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Revolving Borrowings 39 40 
 SECTION 2.04. Determination of Dollar Amounts 40 41 
 SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans 40 41 
 SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit 42 43 
 SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 47 48 
 SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections 48 49 
 SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 49 50 
 SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 49 51 
 SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 50 51 
 SECTION 2.12. Fees 51 52 
 SECTION 2.13. Interest 52 53 
 SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 53 54 
 SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs 56 57 
 SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments 57 59 
 SECTION 2.17. Taxes 57 59 
 SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Setoffs 64 66 
 SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 66 68 
 SECTION 2.20. Expansion Option 67 69 
 SECTION 2.21. Administrative Borrower 68 70 
 SECTION 2.22. Judgment Currency 68 70 
 SECTION 2.23. Designation of Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers 69 71 
 SECTION 2.24. Defaulting Lenders 69 71 
 SECTION 2.25. Extension of Maturity Date 72 73 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 73 75 
 SECTION 3.01. Organization Powers Subsidiaries 73 75 
 SECTION 3.02. Authorization Enforceability 74 75 
 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts 74 76 
 SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 74 76 
 SECTION 3.05. Properties 74 76 
 SECTION 3.06. Litigation, Environmental and Labor Matters 74 76 
 SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements 75 77 
 SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status 75 77 
 SECTION 3.09. Taxes 75 77 
 SECTION 3.10. ERISA 76 77 
 SECTION 3.11. Disclosure 76 77 
 SECTION 3.12. Federal Reserve Regulations 76 78 

SECTION 3.13. Liens 76 78 
 SECTION 3.14. No Default 76 78 
 SECTION 3.15. Sanctions Laws and Regulations 76 78 
 SECTION 3.16. Affected Financial Institutions 77 78 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 77 78 
 SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 77 78 
 SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 78 79 
 SECTION 4.03. Designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower 78 80 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 79 81 
 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 79 81 
 SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 80 82 
 SECTION 5.03. Existence Conduct of Business 81 82 
 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations 81 83 
 SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties Insurance 81 83 
 SECTION 5.06. Books and Records Inspection Rights 81 83 
 SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations 82 83 
 SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds 82 84 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 82 84 
 SECTION 6.01. Subsidiary Indebtedness 82 84 
 SECTION 6.02. Liens 83 85 
 SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes and Asset Sales 84 86 
 SECTION 6.04. Transactions with Affiliates 85 86 
 SECTION 6.05. Financial Covenant 85 87 
 SECTION 6.06. Sanctions Laws and Regulations 85 87 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 86 87 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 88 90 
 SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action 88 90 
 SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc 90 92 
 SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications 92 93 
 SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually 93 94 
 SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent 93 94 
 SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks 94 95 
 SECTION 8.07. Certain ERISA Matters 94 97 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 96 98 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices 96 98 
 SECTION 9.02. Waivers Amendments 97 99 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 99 Limitation of Liability, Etc. 101 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 100 103 
 SECTION 9.05. Survival 105 108 
 SECTION 9.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution 106 108 
 SECTION 9.07. Severability 106 109 
 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 106 109 
 SECTION 9.09. GOVERNING LAW JURISDICTION CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS 107 110 
 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 109 111 

SECTION 9.11. Headings 109 112 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 109 112 
 SECTION 9.13. USA PATRIOT Act 110 113 
 SECTION 9.14. No Fiduciary Duty, etc 110 113 
 SECTION 9.15. Interest Rate Limitation 111 114 
 SECTION 9.16. Termination of the Commitments under the Existing Credit Agreement 111 114 
 SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 111 114 
 SECTION 9.18. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 112 114 
 ARTICLE X Company Guarantee 112 115 

CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of March 5, 2020 among NEWMARKET CORPORATION, the FOREIGN SUBSIDIARY BORROWERS from time to time party hereto, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Syndication Agent and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, CITIBANK, N.A., WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and DBS BANK LTD., as Co-Documentation Agents. 
 The parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple RFR means, with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate provided that if the Adjusted EURIBO Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement . 
 Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in any Agreed Currency (other than euro) Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the LIBO Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate , plus (b) 0.10 provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement . 
 Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (including its branches and affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent-Related Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(c). 
 Aggregate Commitment means the aggregate of the Commitments of all of the Lenders, as reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. As of the Effective Date, the Aggregate Commitment is 900,000,000. 

Agreed Currencies means (i) Dollars, (ii) euro and (iii) any other currency (x) that is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and (y) that is agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that on and after December 15, 2021, the only Agreed Currencies under this Agreement shall be Dollars and euro (notwithstanding any references in this Agreement to any other currency) and no additional currency shall be included as an Agreed Currency until such currency is requested by the Company and approved by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement mutually satisfactory to the Company, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. 
 Agreed Swingline Currencies means (i) Dollars, (ii) euro, (iii) Pounds Sterling and (iv) any other currency (x) that is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars , and (y) for which a LIBO Screen Rate is available in the Administrative Agent s reasonable determination and (z) that is agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period in Dollars on as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 provided that , for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the LIBO Interpolated Rate) Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m. London time on such day 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology) . Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until any amendment has become effective the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14( c b )), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than zero 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be zero 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Amendment No. 2 Effective Date means January 11, 2023. 
 Alternative Rate Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14(a) 9.06 . 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company and its affiliated companies concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(c). 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment represented by such Lender s Commitment provided that, in the case of Section 2.24 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Commitment) represented by such Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 Applicable LC Sublimit means (i) with respect to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in its capacity as an Issuing Bank under this Agreement, 25,000,000, (ii) with respect to Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as an Issuing Bank under this Agreement, 25,000,000 and (iii) with respect to any other Person that becomes an Issuing Bank pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, such amount as 

agreed to in writing by the Company, the Administrative Agent and such Person at the time such Person becomes an Issuing Bank pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, as each of the foregoing amounts may be amended from time to time with the written consent of the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan or any ABR Loan or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Spread , ABR Spread or Commitment Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the Pricing Level applicable on such date 
 
 Pricing Level Commitment Fee Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Spread 
 ABR Spread Level I 0.09 0.875 0 Level II 0.10 1.00 0 Level III 0.125 1.125 0.125 Level IV 0.15 1.25 0.25 Level V 0.175 1.375 0.375 
 
 For purposes hereof (i) Pricing Level I, Leverage Level 1 and Ratings Level A are equivalent and correspond to each other, (ii) Pricing Level II, Leverage Level 2 and Ratings Level B are equivalent and correspond to each other, (iii) Pricing Level III, Leverage Level 3 and Ratings Level C are equivalent and correspond to each other, (iv) Pricing Level IV, Leverage Level 4 and Ratings Level D are equivalent and correspond to each other and (v) Pricing Level V, Leverage Level 5 and Ratings Level E are equivalent and correspond to each other. 
 
 At any time of determination, the Pricing Level shall be determined by reference to the Leverage Level or the Ratings Level, as the Company shall from time to time elect by written notice to the Administrative Agent, and any change in Pricing Level resulting from such election by the Company shall be effected as promptly as practicable by the Administrative Agent after receiving such written election from the Company. 

For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if none of Moody s, S&P nor Fitch shall have in effect a rating for the Index Debt (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this definition), then Ratings Level E shall be in effect (ii) if only one of Moody s, S&P or Fitch provides a rating for the Index Debt, the Ratings Level corresponding to such rating shall be in effect (iii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s, S&P and Fitch for the Index Debt shall fall within different Ratings Levels and (a) two Ratings Levels are equal and higher than the third, the higher Ratings Level shall be in effect, (b) two Ratings Levels are equal and lower than the third, the lower Ratings Level shall be in effect or (c) no Ratings Levels are equal, the intermediate Ratings Level shall be in effect (iv) if only two ratings from Moody s, S&P and Fitch are available and the ratings established or deemed to have been established by such two rating agencies for the Index Debt shall fall within different Ratings Levels, the Ratings Level then in effect shall be based on the higher of the two ratings unless one of the two ratings is two or more Ratings Levels lower than the other, in which case the Ratings Level then in effect shall be determined by reference to the Ratings Level next below that of the higher of the two ratings and (v) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s, S&P or Fitch for the Index Debt shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moody s, S&P or Fitch), such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is first announced by the applicable rating agency, irrespective of when notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Company to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01 or otherwise. Each change in the Ratings Level shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moody s, S&P or Fitch shall change, or if all three rating agencies shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Company and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Ratings Level shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. 
 
 Applicable Time means, with respect to any Borrowings and payments in any Foreign Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Foreign Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. 
 Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(a). 
 Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 Arranger means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and BofA Securities, Inc. in its capacity as a joint bookrunner and a joint lead arranger hereunder. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Augmenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 

Available Revolving Commitment means, at any time with respect to any Lender, the Commitment of such Lender then in effect minus the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender at such time it being understood and agreed that any Lender s Swingline Exposure shall not be deemed to be a component of the Revolving Credit Exposure for purposes of calculating the commitment fee under Section 2.12(a). 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to the Company or any Subsidiary by any Lender or any of its Affiliates (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services and (d) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). 
 Banking Services Agreement means any agreement entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with Banking Services. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy , as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor statute. 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the 

applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (2) below 
 (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for RFR Borrowings denominated in Dollars 
 Benchmark Replacement means (2) the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate (which may, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, be a SOFR-Based Rate) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate of interest as a replacement to the Relevant Rate for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement provided further that any such Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole reasonable good faith discretion. 
 provided that if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or clause (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means , with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment , (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) , that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the Relevant Rate such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the Relevant Rate such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan denominated in Dollars , any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent , in consultation with the Company, decides in its reasonable good faith discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable good faith discretion that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable good faith discretion that no market practice for the administration of the such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent , in consultation with the Company, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents ). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means , with respect to any Benchmark, the earlier earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the Relevant Rate such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Relevant Screen Rate in respect of such Relevant Rate such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such Relevant Screen Rate all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date of the public on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication of information referenced therein in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date . 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means , with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the Relevant Rate such then-current Benchmark 

(1) (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Relevant Screen Rate in respect of such Relevant Rate such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Relevant Screen Rate all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) , permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Relevant Screen Rate any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Relevant Screen Rate in respect of such Relevant Rate, the U.S. Federal Reserve System such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark , an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Relevant Screen Rate Benchmark (or such component) , a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Relevant Screen Rate Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Relevant Screen Rate Benchmark (or such component) , in each case which states that the administrator of such Relevant Screen Rate Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Relevant Screen Rate all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that , at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Relevant Screen Rate and or any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Relevant Screen Rate in respect of such Relevant Rate announcing that such Relevant Screen Rate is no longer such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means (a) in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (i) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (ii) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication) and (b) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the date specified by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable, by notice to the Company, the Administrative Agent (in the case of such notice by the Required Lenders) and the Lenders. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Relevant Rate and solely to the extent that such Relevant Rate has not been replaced with a any Benchmark Replacement , the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that such a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Relevant Rate then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Relevant Rate then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder pursuant to and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Borrower means the Company or any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (b) a Swingline Loan. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by any Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G-1 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement means a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 . 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Termination means a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 . 
 Business Day means , any day that is not (other than a Saturday , or a Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are open for business in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed provided that, when used in connection with (a) a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market, (b) any Borrowings or LC Disbursements that are the subject of a borrowing, drawing, payment, reimbursement or rate selection denominated in euro, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which the TARGET2 payment system is not open for the settlement of payments in euro and (c) a Eurocurrency Loan or Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency other than euro, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in deposits in such Foreign Currency in the interbank market in the principal financial center of the country whose lawful currency is such Foreign Currency. in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be (i) in relation to Loans denominated in euro and in relation to the calculation or computation of the EURIBO Rate, any day which is a TARGET Day, (ii) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only a RFR Business Day and (iii) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. 
 CBR Spread means the Applicable Rate applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. 
 Central Bank Rate means the greater of (i) (A) for any Loan denominated in (a) euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its 

reasonable discretion (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (b) any other Foreign Currency determined after the Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (ii) the Floor. 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in 
 (a) euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted EURIBO Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBO Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBO Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, and 
 (b) any other Foreign Currency determined after the Effective Date, an adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (i)(B) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBO Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBO Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency for a maturity of one month. 
 Change in Control means (i) any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), other than Bruce C. Gottwald, Floyd D. Gottwald, Jr. or members of their respective families, or investment entities owned entirely (directly or indirectly) by them or members of their respective families, either individually or acting in concert with one or more other persons, shall have acquired beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (or other securities convertible into such securities) representing 25 or more of the combined voting power of all securities of the Company entitled to vote in the election of members of the governing body of the Company, other than securities having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency (ii) the occurrence, during any period of 24 consecutive months, of a change in the composition of the governing body of the Company such that a majority of the members of any such governing body are not Continuing Members (iii) the occurrence of any Change of Control or similar event as defined in any agreement or instrument evidencing any Material Indebtedness with an original principal amount in excess of 75,000,000 (iv) the failure at any time of the Company to legally and beneficially own and control 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Ethyl Corporation or Afton Chemical Corporation or the failure at any time of the Company to have the ability to elect all of the governing body of Ethyl Corporation or Afton Chemical Corporation or (v) the Company ceases to own, directly or indirectly, and Control 100 (other than directors qualifying shares) of the ordinary voting and economic power of any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender or Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, rule, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement provided , however , that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, 

requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Charitable Foundations means (i) The NewMarket Foundation, a non-stock, non-profit Virginia corporation formed by the Company which qualifies as an exempt organization under section 501(c)(3) of the Code which is organized and operated solely for charitable purposes and (ii) The Whale Foundation, a non-stock, non-profit Virginia corporation formed by the Company which qualifies or will qualify as an exempt organization under section 501(c)(3) of the Code which is organized and operated solely for charitable purposes. 
 Charges has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.15. 
 Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans. 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the amount set forth on Schedule 2.01 opposite such Lender s name under the heading Commitment , or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable, and giving effect to (a) any reduction in such amount from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) any increase from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) any reduction or increase in such amount from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04 provided that at no time shall the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender exceed its Commitment. 
 Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 8.03(c), including through an Approved Electronic Platform. 
 Company means NewMarket Corporation, a Virginia corporation. 
 Compounded SOFR means, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate (which may include compounding in arrears with a lookback and or suspension period as a mechanism to determine the interest amount payable prior to the end of each Interest Period) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with 
 (1) the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded SOFR provided that 
 (2) if, and to the extent that, the Administrative Agent determines that Compounded SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with clause (1) above, then the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion are substantially consistent with any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining compounded SOFR for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time 

provided further that, if the Administrative Agent decides reasonably and in good faith that any such rate, methodology or convention determined in accordance with clause (1) or clause (2) is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Compounded SOFR will be deemed unable to be determined for purposes of the definition of Benchmark Replacement. 
 Computation Date is defined in Section 2.04. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Capital Expenditures means, without duplication, any expenditures for any purchase or other acquisition of any asset which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, with reference to any period, Consolidated Net Income plus , without duplication and to the extent deducted from revenues in determining Consolidated Net Income, (i) Consolidated Interest Expense, (ii) expense for taxes paid or accrued, (iii) depreciation, (iv) amortization, (v) extraordinary or non-recurring non-cash expenses or losses incurred other than in the ordinary course of business, (vi) non-cash expenses related to stock based compensation minus , to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, (1) interest income, (2) income tax credits and refunds (to the extent not netted from tax expense), (3) any cash payments made during such period in respect of items described in clauses (v) or (vi) above subsequent to the fiscal quarter in which the relevant non-cash expenses or losses were incurred and (4) extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring income or gains realized other than in acceptances and (c) Indebtedness of the type referred to in clauses (a) or (b) hereof of another Person guaranteed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 Continuing Members means any member of the governing body of the Company (i) who was a member of such governing body on the first day of a period of 24 consecutive months or (ii) whose nomination for election or election to such governing body was approved by a majority of the members who were either members of such governing body on the first day of such period or whose nomination or election was previously so approved. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the applicable Interest Period with respect to the LIBO Rate such Available Tenor . 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18. 
 Co-Documentation Agent means each of U.S. Bank National Association, Citibank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and DBS Bank Ltd. in its capacity as co-documentation agent for the credit facility evidenced by this Agreement. 

Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an LC Disbursement or any of the foregoing. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. 
 Daily Simple RFR means, for any day, an interest rate per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan denominated in Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Company. 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Company or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 
 Designated Foreign Subsidiary Borrower means a Luxembourg Borrower or any other Foreign Subsidiary Borrower that is organized under the laws of any other jurisdiction designated from time to time by the Administrative Agent. 
 Designated Loan means a Designated Revolving Loan or a Designated Swingline Loan, as applicable. 
 Designated Revolving Loan means a Revolving Loan denominated in Dollars to a Designated Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. 
 Designated Swingline Loan means a Swingline Loan denominated in Dollars to a Designated Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. 
 Designated Persons means any Person listed on a Sanctions List. 

Disqualified Competitor means (a) Persons that are reasonably determined by the Company to be competitors of the Company or its Subsidiaries and which are specifically identified by the Company to the Administrative Agent in writing and delivered in accordance with Section 9.01 prior to the Effective Date, (b) any other Person that is reasonably determined by the Company to be a competitor of the Company or its Subsidiaries and which is specifically identified in a written supplement to the list of Disqualified Competitors , which supplement shall become effective three (3) Business Days after delivery thereof to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders) in accordance with Section 9.01 and (c) in the case of the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), any of such entities Affiliates to the extent such Affiliates (x) are clearly identifiable as Affiliates of such Persons based solely on the similarity of such Affiliates and such Persons names and (y) are not bona fide debt investment funds. It is understood and agreed that (i) any supplement to the list of Persons that are Disqualified Competitors contemplated by the foregoing clause (b) shall not apply retroactively to disqualify any Persons that have previously acquired an assignment or participation interest in the Loans (but solely with respect to such Loans), (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility or liability to determine or monitor whether any Lender or potential Lender is a Disqualified Competitor, (iii) the Company s failure to deliver such list (or supplement thereto) in accordance with Section 9.01 shall render such list (or supplement) not received and not effective and (iv) Disqualified Competitor shall exclude any Person that the Company has designated as no longer being a Disqualified Competitor by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent from time to time in accordance with Section 9.01. 
 Dollar Amount of any amount of any currency means, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, using any method of determination it deems reasonably appropriate) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, using any method of determination it deems reasonably appropriate. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of America. 
 DQ List has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(e)(iv). 
 Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of 
 (1) (i) a determination by the Administrative Agent or (ii) a notification by the Required Lenders to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Company) that the Required Lenders have determined that syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency being executed at such time, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 2.14 are being executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate, and 
 (2) (i) the election by the Administrative Agent or (ii) the election by the Required Lenders to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Company and the Lenders or by the Required Lenders of written notice of such election to the Administrative Agent. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution 

Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 deficiency (as defined in section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived (c) the filing pursuant to section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (d) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan (e) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (f) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (g) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in critical or endangered status, within the meaning of ERISA. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EURIBO Interpolated Rate means, at any time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in euro and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the EURIBO Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the EURIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the EURIBO Screen Rate is available for euro) that is shorter than the Impacted EURIBO Rate Interest Period and (b) the EURIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the EURIBO Screen Rate is available for euro) that exceeds the Impacted EURIBO Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time provided that, if any EURIBO Interpolated Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro and for any Interest Period, the EURIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., Brussels time, on the Quotation Day for euro provided that, if the EURIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for , two (2) TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (an Impacted EURIBO Rate Interest Period with respect to euro then the EURIBO Rate shall be the EURIBO Interpolated Rate . 
 EURIBO Screen Rate means , for any day and time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in euro and for any Interest Period, the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of such that rate) for euro for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Reuters as published at approximately 11 00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period . If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Company. If the EURIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 euro and or EUR means the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 Eurocurrency , when used in reference to a currency means an Agreed Currency and when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate (except when used with reference to any Eurocurrency 

Swingline Loan, in which case Eurocurrency means that such Loan bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Swingline Rate). 
 Eurocurrency Payment Office of the Administrative Agent shall mean, for each Foreign Currency and each Designated Loan, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency or Designated Loan as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Company and each Lender. 
 Eurocurrency Swingline Loan means a Swingline Loan bearing interest at the Eurocurrency Swingline Rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a Designated Swingline Loan) . 
 Eurocurrency Swingline Rate means the sum of (i) the percentage rate per annum which is equal to the rate (rounded upwards to four decimal places) at which overnight deposits in the relevant currency in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined would be offered by the Swingline Lender as of 11 00 a.m. Local Time on the day of the proposed Eurocurrency Swingline Loan in the London interbank market for such currency to major banks in such market provided that, if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement) plus (ii) the Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowings. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 
 Excluded Real Property means the real property listed on Schedule 1.01 . 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender to a Borrower that is a U.S. Person, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by any Borrower under Section 2.19(b) or Section 9.02(d) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 22, 2017 by and among the Company, the foreign subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the Effective Date. 
 Existing Letters of Credit has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(a). 
 Existing Maturity Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.25(a). 

Extending Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.25(b)(ii). 
 Extension Request means a written request from the Company to the Administrative Agent requesting an extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.25. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 FATCA Deduction means a deduction or withholding from a payment under a Loan Document required by FATCA. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 Finance Lease Obligations means, at any time of determination, the amount of the liability in respect of a finance lease on the balance sheet of such Person, in accordance with GAAP, including, without limitation, Accounting Standards Codification 842 and related accounting rules and regulations, as such may be amended or re-codified from time to time provided that in no event shall any lease obligation that is an operating lease in accordance with GAAP be deemed a Finance Lease Obligation for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Company. 
 Financials means the annual or quarterly financial statements, and accompanying certificates and other documents, of the Company and its Subsidiaries required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b). 
 Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or the Central Bank Rate shall be 0 . 
 Foreign Currencies means Agreed Currencies other than Dollars. 
 Foreign Currency Amount of any amount of any Foreign Currency means, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in such Foreign Currency, such amount and (b) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, the equivalent of such amount in such Foreign Currency determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of such Foreign Currency with Dollars last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of such Foreign Currency with Dollars, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the 

Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in such Foreign Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, using any method of determination it deems reasonably appropriate). 
 Foreign Currency LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate undrawn and unexpired amount of all outstanding Foreign Currency Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements in respect of Foreign Currency Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed at such time. 
 Foreign Currency Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
 Foreign Currency Payment Office of the Administrative Agent shall mean, for each Foreign Currency, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Company and each Lender. 
 Foreign Currency Sublimit means 500,000,000. 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the applicable Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the applicable Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Foreign Subsidiary Borrower means any Eligible Foreign Subsidiary that becomes a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23 and that has not ceased to be a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to such Section. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including, without limitation, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other payment obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other payment obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other payment obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other payment obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or payment obligation provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case, in the ordinary course of business. 

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 IBA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.07. 
 Impacted EURIBO Rate Interest Period has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of EURIBO Rate . 
 Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of LIBO Rate . 
 Increased Leverage Period shall mean (i) any fiscal quarter in which (A) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries consummates a Material Acquisition and (B) the Company notifies the Administrative Agent in writing of its intent to increase the maximum permitted Leverage Ratio as a result thereof (such notice, an Increase Election and (ii) the immediately following three fiscal quarters. 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid (other than accounts payable), (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed provided that the amount of such Indebtedness shall be deemed to be the lesser of (i) the outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness plus all accrued and unpaid interest relating thereto and (ii) the fair market value of the property secured by any such Lien, (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Finance Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances and (k) all obligations of such Person under Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Index Debt means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company that is not guaranteed by any other person or entity or subject to any other credit enhancement. 
 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 Information Memorandum means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated February 2020 relating to the Company and the Transactions. 

Initial Subsidiary Borrower means each of (i) Afton Chemical UK Holdings Limited, a private limited company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 07119870, and (ii) Afton Chemical Switzerland GmbH, a Swiss limited liability company. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the applicable Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which shall be substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any Eurocurrency Loan (including a RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such RFR Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and the Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan and any Eurocurrency Swingline Loan , the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Maturity Date and c d with respect to any Swingline Loan (other than a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan), the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means (a) with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing (other than a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan) , the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Agreed Currency) , as the applicable Borrower (or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) may elect and (b) with respect to any Eurocurrency Swingline Loan, the period commencing on the date of such Loan and ending on the date seven (7) days thereafter , as the applicable Borrower (or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) may elect provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless , in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing (other than a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan) only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and , (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Borrowing (other than a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan) that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request . For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Issuing Bank means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A. and each other Lender designated by the Company as an Issuing Bank hereunder (in each case, through itself or through one of its designated affiliates or branch offices) that has agreed to such designation (and is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), each in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 Japanese Yen means the lawful currency of Japan. 
 LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j). 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by any Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 

LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of each Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the relevant Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. 
 Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Lender-Related Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(d). 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.20 or pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or other documentation contemplated hereby, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or other documentation contemplated hereby. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. 

Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Letter of Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(b). 
 Leverage Ratio has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.05(a). 
 LIBO Interpolated Rate means, at any time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in any Agreed Currency (other than euro) and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for the applicable currency) that is shorter than the Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period and (b) the LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for the applicable currency) that exceeds the Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time provided that, if any LIBO Interpolated Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in any Agreed Currency (other than euro) and for any Interest Period, the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, on the Quotation Day for such Agreed Currency provided that, if the LIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period with respect to such Agreed Currency then the LIBO Rate shall be the LIBO Interpolated Rate. 
 LIBO Screen Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in any Agreed Currency (other than euro) and for any Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for such Agreed Currency for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) provided that, if the LIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, finance lease or title retention agreement relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Termination, any promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10(e), any Letter of Credit applications, any Letter of Credit Agreement and any agreements between the Company and an Issuing Bank regarding such Issuing Bank s Applicable LC Sublimit or the respective rights and obligations between the Company and such Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit and any and all other agreements, instruments, documents and certificates identified in Section 4.01 executed and delivered to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any Lenders and including all consents, assignments, contracts, notices, letter of credit agreements and all other written matter whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Borrower, or any employee of any Borrower, and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 

Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Local Time means (i) New York City time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in Dollars (other than Designated Loans) and (ii) local time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in a Foreign Currency and Designated Loans (it being understood that such local time shall mean (a) London, England time with respect to any Foreign Currency (other than euro) and (b) Brussels, Belgium time with respect to euro, in each case of the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) unless otherwise notified by the Administrative Agent). 
 Luxembourg means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
 Luxembourg Borrower means any Borrower organized under the laws of Luxembourg. 
 Luxembourg Companies Register means the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies R.C.S. Luxembourg ). 
 Material Acquisition means any acquisition of property or series of related acquisitions of property that (a) constitutes (i) assets comprising all or substantially all or any significant portion of a business or operating unit of a business, or (ii) all or substantially all of the common stock or other Equity Interests of a Person, and (b) involves the payment of consideration by the Company and its Subsidiaries in excess of 100,000,000. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder. 
 Material Disposition means any sale, transfer or disposition of property or series of related sales, transfers, or dispositions of property that yields gross proceeds to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of 100,000,000. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 75,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Material Subsidiary means each Subsidiary (i) which guarantees Material Indebtedness with an original principal amount in excess of 75,000,000, (ii) which, as of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Company, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01, contributed greater than seven and one-half percent (7.5 of the Company s Consolidated EBITDA for such period or (iii) which contributed greater than seven and one-half percent (7.5 of the Company s Consolidated Total Assets as of such date. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or 

otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19 or Section 9.02(d) ). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar borrowings transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Overnight Foreign Currency Rate means, for any amount payable day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the NYFRB Rate and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, the an overnight rate of interest per annum as determined by the Administrative Agent at which overnight or weekend deposits in the relevant currency (or if such amount due remains unpaid for more than three (3) Business Days, then for such other period of time as the Administrative Agent may elect) for delivery in immediately available and freely transferable funds would be offered by the Administrative Agent to major banks in the interbank market upon request of such major banks for the relevant currency as determined above and in an amount comparable to the unpaid principal amount of the related Credit Event, plus any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed upon, or charged to, the Administrative Agent by any relevant correspondent bank in respect of such amount in such relevant currency. or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to economic and monetary union. 
 Patriot Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06(c). 
 Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.06(c). 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 Pounds Sterling means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 

Pro Forma Basis means, with respect to any event, that the Company is in compliance on a pro forma basis with the applicable covenant, calculation or requirement herein recomputed as if the event with respect to which compliance on a Pro Forma Basis is being tested had occurred on the first day of the four fiscal quarter period most recently ended on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18. 
 Quotation Day means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing for any Interest Period, (i) if the currency is Pounds Sterling, the first day of such Interest Period, (ii) if the currency is euro, the day that is two (2) TARGET2 Days before the first day of such Interest Period, and (iii) for any other currency, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (unless, in each case, market practice differs in the relevant market where the LIBO Rate for such currency is to be determined, in which case the Quotation Day will be determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with market practice in such market (and if quotations would normally be given on more than one day, then the Quotation Day will be the last of those days)). 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (i) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (ii) if such Benchmark is the EURIBO Rate, 11 00 a.m., Brussels time, two (2) TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (iii) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four (4) RFR Business Days prior to such setting or (iv) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, Daily Simple SOFR or the EURIBO Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Reference Bank Rate means the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request by the Reference Banks (as the case may be) as of the applicable time on the Quotation Day for Loans in the applicable currency and the applicable Interest Period as the rate at which the relevant Reference Bank could borrow funds in the London (or other applicable) interbank market in the relevant currency and for the relevant period, were it to do so by asking for and then accepting interbank offers in reasonable market size in that currency and for that period. 
 Reference Banks means such banks as may be appointed by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company. No Lender shall be obligated to be a Reference Bank without its consent. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04. 
 Regulation has the meaning set forth in Section 3.07. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Board and or the NYFRB , or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board and or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto and , (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any Foreign 

Currency euro, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto and (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency , (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Currency (other than euro), the LIBO Rate or Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or (iii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR , as applicable. 
 Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Currency (other than euro), the LIBO Screen Rate Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or (ii) with respect to any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the EURIBO Screen Rate , as applicable . 

Replacement Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.25(c). 
 Required Lenders means, subject to Section 2.24, (a) at any time prior to the earlier of the Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Commitments terminating or expiring, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposure and Unfunded Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure and Unfunded Commitments at such time provided that, solely for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Article VII, the Unfunded Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed to be zero and (b) for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Commitments expire or terminate, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposure representing more than 50 of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure at such time provided that, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender that is the Swingline Lender shall be deemed to exclude any amount of its Swingline Exposure in excess of its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans, adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.24 of the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and the Unfunded Commitment of such Lender shall be determined on the basis of its Revolving Credit Exposure excluding such excess amount and (y) for the purpose of determining the Required Lenders needed for any waiver, amendment, modification or consent of or under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any Lender that is the Company or an Affiliate of the Company shall be disregarded. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Response Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.25(a). 
 Responsible Officer shall mean any of the president, the chief executive officer, the chief operating officer, a Financial Officer or a vice president of the Company or such other representative of the Company as may be designated in writing by any one of the foregoing with the consent of the Administrative Agent and, with respect to the financial covenant only, a Financial Officer of the Company. 
 Reuters means , as applicable, Thomson Reuters Corp. , Refinitiv, or any successor thereto. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01. 
 RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR, and when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 RFR Business Day means, for any Loan denominated in Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. Standard & Poor s Rating Services, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business. 
 Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any sale or other transfer of any property or asset by any Person with the intent to lease such property or asset as lessee. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria) . 
 Sanctions means 
 (a) economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (i) the U.S. government and administered by OFAC, (ii) the United Nations Security Council, (iii) the European Union or (iv) Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom and 
 (b) economic or financial sanctions imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the U.S. State Department, the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
 Sanctions List means any of the lists of specifically designated nationals or designated persons or entities (or equivalent) held by the U.S. government and administered by OFAC, the U.S. State Department, the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the United Nations Security Council or any similar list maintained by the European Union, any other EU Member State, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other U.S. government entity, in each case as the same may be amended, supplemented or substituted from time to time. 
 Sanctions Violations means any violation of any Sanctions by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a Lender, an Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent, as such Sanctions Lists or Sanctions are in effect from time to time. 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Senior Note Documents means the Senior Notes, the Senior Note Indenture, the Senior Note Purchase Agreement and each other document executed in connection with the Senior Notes, as each such document may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time thereafter. 
 Senior Note Indenture means the Indenture entered into by the Company and the trustee named therein pursuant to which the 2012 Senior Notes are issued, as such Indenture may be amended, restated, supplemented, extended, renewed, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time thereafter. 
 Senior Note Purchase Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of 2017 Senior Notes . 
 Senior Notes means the 2012 Senior Notes and the 2017 Senior Notes. 
 SOFR with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the NYFRB, as the administrator of the benchmark (or a successor administrator), on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website. 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR-Based Rate means SOFR, Compounded SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR . 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve , liquid asset, fees or similar requirements percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves or other requirements) established by any central bank, monetary authority, the Board, the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority, the European Central Bank or other Governmental Authority for any category of deposits or liabilities customarily used to fund loans in the applicable currency, expressed in the case of each such requirement as a decimal. Such reserve, liquid asset, fees or similar requirements expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted EURIBO Rate for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D of the Board. Eurocurrency Loans . Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve , liquid asset, fee or similar requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under any applicable law, rule or regulation, including Regulation D of the Board or any comparable regulation . The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve , liquid asset or similar requirement percentage . 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company or any Subsidiary with an original principal amount in excess of 50,000,000 (other than intercompany Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(c)) which is subordinated by the terms of the Subordinated Indebtedness Documents in right of payment to the Obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness Documents means any document, agreement or instrument evidencing any Subordinated Indebtedness or entered into in connection with any Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, 
 withholding tax and Swiss stamp taxes Kreisschreiben Nr. 15 Obligationen und derivative Finanzinstrumente als Gegenstand der direkten Bundessteuer, der Verrechnungssteuer und der Stempelabgaben vom 7. Februar 2007 and the circular letter No. 34 of 26 July 2011 (1-034-V-2011) in relation to customer credit balances Kreisschreiben Nr. 34 Kundenguthaben vom 26. Juli 2011 ), circular letter No. 46 of 24 July 2019 (1-046-DVS-2019) in relation to syndicated credit facilities Kreisschreiben Nr. 46 betreffend steuerliche Behandlung von Konsortialdarlehen, Schuldscheindarlehen, Wechseln und Unterbeteiligungen vom 24. Juli 2019) and circular letter No. 47 of 25 July 2019 (1-047-DVS-2019 in relation to bonds Kreisschreiben Nr. 47 betreffend Obligationen vom 25. Juli 2019 ), the practice note 010-DVS-2019 dated 5 February 2019 published by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration regarding Swiss Withholding Tax in the Group Mitteilung-010-DVS-2019-d vom 5. Februar 2019 - Verrechnungssteuer Guthaben im Konzern as issued, and as amended or replaced from time to time by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, or as applied in accordance with a tax ruling (if 

any) issued by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, or as substituted or superseded and overruled by any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, court decision or the like as in force from time to time. 
 Swiss Qualifying Lender means (i) any bank as defined in the Swiss Federal Code for Banks and Savings Banks dated 8 November 1934 Bundesgesetz ber die Banken und Sparkassen as amended from time to time or (ii) a person or entity which effectively conducts banking activities with its own infrastructure and staff as its principal business purpose and which has a banking license in full force and effect issued in accordance with the banking laws in force in its jurisdiction of incorporation, or if acting through a branch, issued in accordance with the banking laws in the jurisdiction of such branch, all and in each case in accordance with the Swiss Guidelines. 
 Swiss Non-Bank Rules means together the Swiss Twenty Non-Bank Rule and the Swiss Ten-Non-Bank Rule. 
 Swiss Non-Qualifying Lender means any person which does not qualify as a Swiss Qualifying Lender. 
 Swiss Ten Non-Bank Rule means the rule that the aggregate number of Lenders (other than Swiss Qualifying Lenders) of any Swiss Borrower under this Agreement must not at any time exceed ten (10) in each case in accordance with the meaning of the Swiss Guidelines or the applicable legislation or explanatory notes addressing the same issues that are in force at such time. 
 Swiss Twenty Non-Bank Rule means the rule that (without duplication) the aggregate number of creditors (including the Lenders), other than Swiss Qualifying Lenders, of the Swiss Borrower under all outstanding debts relevant for classification as debenture Kassenobligation (including debt arising under this Agreement and, loans, facilities and or private placements (including under this Agreement) must not, at any time, exceed twenty (20) in each case in accordance with the meaning of the Swiss Guidelines. 
 Swiss Withholding Tax means any Taxes levied pursuant to the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Act. 
 Syndication Agent means Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as syndication agent for the credit facility evidenced by this Agreement. 
 TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 
 TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system , if any reasonably , determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
 TARGET2 Day means a day that TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Benchmark , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate. 
 Term SOFR means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate . 

Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Total Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans at such time and (b) the total LC Exposure at such time. 
 Trade Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(e)(i). 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrowers of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or , the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the Alternate Base Rate or the Central Bank Rate . 
 UK Borrower means (i) Afton Chemical UK Holdings Limited, a private limited company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 07119870 and (ii) any other Borrower incorporated under the laws of England and Wales. 
 UK Borrower DTTP Filing means an HM Revenue & Customs Form DTTP2, duly completed and filed by the relevant UK Borrower, which 
 (a) where it relates to a UK Treaty Lender that is a Lender on the day this Agreement is entered into (or any amendment hereto), contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated on its signature page to this Agreement (or any amendment hereto) or as otherwise notified to the Company by that UK Treaty Lender in writing, and 
 (i) where the UK Borrower is a Borrower on the day this Agreement (or any amendment hereto) is entered into, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date of this Agreement (or any amendment hereto) or 
 (ii) where the UK Borrower is not a Borrower on the day this Agreement is entered into, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date on which that UK Borrower becomes a Borrower or 
 (b) where it relates to a UK Treaty Lender that is not a party to this Agreement on the date on which this Agreement (or any amendment hereto) is entered into, contains the scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated in respect of that Lender in the relevant 

Assignment and Assumption, Increasing Lender Supplement or Augmenting Lender Supplement , as the case may be, or as otherwise notified to the Company in writing and 
 (i) where the UK Borrower is a Borrower as at the relevant assignment date or the date on which the increase to the Commitments and or the Incremental Term Loans described in the relevant Increasing Lender Supplement or Augmenting Lender Supplement take effect (as applicable) is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of that date or 
 (ii) where the UK Borrower is not a Borrower as at the relevant assignment date or the date on which the increase to the Commitments and or the Incremental Term Loans described in the relevant Increasing Lender Supplement or Augmenting Lender Supplement take effect (as applicable) is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date on which that UK Borrower becomes a Borrower. 
 UK CTA 2009 means the United Kingdom Corporation Tax Act 2009. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Treaty State means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement with the United Kingdom (a UK Treaty which makes provision for full exemption from Tax imposed by the United Kingdom on interest. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that, if the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement . 
 Unfunded Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the Commitment of such Lender less its Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). 
 VAT means (a) any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006 112) and (b) any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in clause (a) above, or imposed elsewhere. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

Withholding Agent means any Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 2012 Senior Notes means the Company s 350,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 4.100 Senior Notes due December 15, 2022, issued pursuant to the Senior Note Indenture, as such Notes may be amended, restated, supplemented, extended, renewed, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 2017 Senior Notes means the Company s 250,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 3.78 Senior Notes due January 4, 2029, issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2017 (the Senior Note Purchase Agreement ), as such Notes may be amended, restated, supplemented, extended, renewed, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Loan or by Type (e.g., a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or by Class and Type (e.g., a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Loan or an RFR Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing or by Type (e.g., a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing or by Class and Type (e.g., a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR Revolving Borrowing ). 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any law, statute, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that, if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent that the 

Company wishes to amend any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then the Company s compliance with such provision shall be determined on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in a manner satisfactory to the Borrowers and the Required Lenders. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 or 2015-03 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. 
 SECTION 1.05. Status of Obligations . The Obligations are hereby designated as senior indebtedness and as designated senior indebtedness and words of similar import under and in respect of any indenture or other agreement or instrument under which any Subordinated Indebtedness is outstanding and are further given all such other designations as shall be required under the terms of any such Subordinated Indebtedness in order that the Lenders may have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 SECTION 1.06. Luxembourg Terms . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in this Agreement where it relates to any Luxembourg Borrower, a reference to (a) a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors, compulsory manager or other similar officer includes a juge d l gu , commissaire, juge-commissaire, mandataire ad hoc, administrateur provisoire, liquidateur or curateur (b) liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or any similar proceeding shall include (i) insolvency bankruptcy (faillite) within the meaning of Articles 437 ff. of the Luxembourg Commercial Code or any other insolvency proceedings pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 2015 848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (ii) controlled management (gestion contr l e) within the meaning of the grand ducal arr t of 24 May 1935 on controlled management , (iii) voluntary arrangement with creditors (concordat pr ventif de la faillite) within the meaning of the law of 14 April 1886 on arrangements to prevent insolvency, as amended, (iv) suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) within the meaning of Articles 593 ff. of the Luxembourg Commercial Code or (v) voluntary or compulsory winding-up pursuant to the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (c) a lien or security interest includes any hypoth que, nantissement, gage, privil ge, s ret r elle, droit de r tention , and any type of security in rem s ret r elle or agreement or arrangement having a similar effect and any transfer of title by way of security (d) a guarantee includes any guarantee which is independent from the debt to which it relates and excludes any suretyship cautionnement within the meaning of Articles 2011 and seq. of the Luxembourg Civil Code (e) a person being unable to pay its debts includes that person being in a state of cessation of payments cessation de paiements or having lost or meeting the criteria to lose its commercial creditworthiness branlement de cr dit (f) attachments or similar creditors process means an executory attachment saisie ex cutoire or conservatory attachment saisie conservatoire (g) a set-off includes, for purposes of Luxembourg law, legal set-off and (h) by-laws or constitutional documents includes its up-to-date (restated) articles of association statuts coordonn s ). 
 SECTION 1.07. Interest Rates LIBOR Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in an Agreed Dollars or a Foreign Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative benchmark reference rates for some of these interest rate benchmarks and, as a result, such interest rate benchmarks may cease to comply with applicable laws and regulations, may be permanently discontinued, and or the basis on which 

they are calculated may change. The London interbank offered rate is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that, after the end of 2021, it would no longer persuade or compel contributing banks to make rate submissions to the ICE Benchmark Administration (together with any successor to the ICE Benchmark Administrator, the IBA for purposes of the IBA setting the London interbank offered rate. As a result, it is possible that commencing in 2022, the London interbank offered rate may no longer be available or may no longer be deemed an appropriate reference rate upon which to determine the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans. In light of this eventuality, public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-In Election , Section 2.14( c b provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company, pursuant to Section 2.14(e) of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurocurrency Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission , performance or any other matter related to the London interbank offered rate or other rates in the definition of LIBO Rate (or EURIBO Rate , as applicable) any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.14(c), whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.14(d)), , including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the LIBO Rate (or the EURIBO Rate, as applicable) existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate (or the euro interbank offered rate, as applicable) any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Company. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Company, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 SECTION 1.08. Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time provided that, with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Letter of Credit Agreement related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. 
 SECTION 1.09. Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 

ARTICLE II The Credits 
 SECTION 2.01. Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing to any Swingline Loans outstanding pursuant to Section 2.10(a)) in, subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), (a) the Dollar Amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Commitment, (b) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment or (c) the Dollar Amount of the total outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure, in each case denominated in Foreign Currencies, exceeding the Foreign Currency Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Revolving Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05. 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised (i) in the case of Borrowings in Dollars, entirely of ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans as the relevant Term Benchmark Loans and (ii) in the case of Borrowings in any other Agreed Currency, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in each case of the same Agreed Currency, as the applicable Borrower may request in accordance herewith provided that each ABR Loan shall only be made in Dollars and no ABR Loan shall be made to a Designated Foreign Subsidiary Borrower . Each Swingline Loan made in Dollars shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender) provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the relevant Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 ((or, if such Borrowing is denominated in (i) Japanese Yen, JPY100,000,000 or (ii) a Foreign Currency other than Japanese Yen , 1,000,000 units of such currency and not less than 5,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in (i) Japanese Yen, JPY500,000,000 or (ii) a Foreign Currency other than Japanese Yen , 5,000,000 units of such currency). At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing or RFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 1,000,000 provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitment or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 250,000 (or, if such Swingline Loan is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 250,000 units of such currency) and not less than 250,000 (or, if such Swingline Loan is denominated in a Foreign Currency, 250,000 units of such currency). Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of six (6) Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowings and RFR Revolving Borrowings outstanding. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Borrower shall be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 
 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Revolving Borrowings . To request a Revolving Borrowing, the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall notify 

the Administrative Agent of such request (a) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) (i) in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars , not later than 12 00 noon, Local Time, (i) New York City time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing and (ii) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, three (3) Business Days (in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars) or (ii) three (3) Business Days (in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency), in each case before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower, or of the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the requested date of the proposed Borrowing provided that any such notice of an ABR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 10 00 a.m 10 00 a.m ., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the name of the applicable Borrower 
 (ii) the Agreed Currency and the aggregate principal amount of the requested Borrowing 
 (iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iv) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or , a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing 
 (v) in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Agreed Currency and initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 (vi) the location and number of the applicable Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07. 
 If no election as to the currency of a Revolving Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be made in Dollars. If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then , in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars (other than a Designated Loan), the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing made in Dollars . If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, then the relevant Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 

SECTION 2.04. Determination of Dollar Amounts . The Administrative Agent will determine the Dollar Amount of 
 (a) any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, on each of the following (i) the date of the Borrowing of such Loan and (ii) (A) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, each date of a conversion or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement , and (B) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month), 
 (b) any Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, on each of the following (i) the date on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar month and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof, and 
 (c) any Credit Event, on any additional date as the Administrative Agent may determine at any time when an Event of Default exists. 
 Each day upon or as of which the Administrative Agent determines Dollar Amounts as described in the preceding clauses (a), (b) and (c) is herein described as a Computation Date with respect to each Credit Event for which a Dollar Amount is determined on or as of such day. 
 SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender may in its sole discretion make Swingline Loans in Agreed Swingline Currencies to any Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal Dollar Amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding 20,000,000, (ii) the Swingline Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Commitment or (iii) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, any Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 
 (b) To request a Swingline Loan, the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G-3 and signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower, or a Responsible Officer of the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) (i) by telecopy not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan in Dollars (other than a Designated Swingline Loan) and (ii) by telecopy not later than 11 00 a.m., Local Time, on the day of a proposed Eurocurrency Swingline Loan in a Foreign Currency and a Designated Swingline Loan . Each such notice shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day), the applicable Borrower requesting such Swingline Loan, the currency, Interest Period (in the case of a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan), Type and amount of the requested Swingline Loan and the account of the applicable Borrower to which the proceeds of such Swingline Loan are to be credited. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Company or any other Borrower. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the applicable Borrower by means of a credit to an account of such Borrower with the Swingline Lender or to such other account of such Borrower designated in such notice (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e), by remittance to such Issuing Bank) by 1 00 p.m., Local Time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 
 (c) The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 10 00 a.m., Local Time, on any Business Day, require the Lenders to acquire participations in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding in the applicable Agreed Currency of such Swingline Loans (i) on the date of such notice in respect of Swingline Loans denominated in Dollars 

(other than a Designated Swingline Loan) and (ii) promptly, but in any event no later than one (1) Business Day immediately following the date of such notice, in respect of Eurocurrency Swingline Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency and a Designated Swingline Loan . Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount and the applicable Agreed Currency of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Swingline Loans and the applicable Agreed Currency of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent as provided above (and in any event, if such notice is received by 11 00 a.m., Local Time, on a Business Day, no later than 1 00 p.m., Local Time, on such Business Day and if received after 11 00 a.m., Local Time, on a Business Day, no later than 9 00 a.m., Local Time, on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay in the applicable Agreed Currency to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) any Event of Default described in clause (h), (i) or (j) of Article VII , (iii) the date on which the Loans are accelerated, or (iv) the termination of the Commitments, each Lender shall be deemed to absolutely and unconditionally acquire participations in all of the Swingline Loans outstanding at such time in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loans in each case without notice or any further action from any Swingline Lender, Lender or the Administrative Agent. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the applicable Borrower (or other party on behalf of such Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the applicable Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve any Borrower of any default in the payment of any Swingline Loan made to such Borrower. 

and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 (e) Reimbursement . If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent in Dollars the Dollar Amount equal to such LC Disbursement, calculated as of the date such Issuing Bank made such LC Disbursement (or if an Issuing Bank shall so elect in its sole discretion by notice to the Company, in such other Agreed Currency which was paid by such Issuing Bank pursuant to such LC Disbursement in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement) not later than 2 00 p.m., Local Time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Company shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10 00 a.m., Local Time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Company prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12 00 noon, Local Time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Company receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt provided that the Company may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with a Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent Dollar Amount of such LC Disbursement and, to the extent so financed, the Company s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing, Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, RFR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan, as applicable. If the Company fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Company in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Company, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the relevant Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Company pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the relevant Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. If the Company s reimbursement of, or obligation to reimburse, any amounts in any Foreign Currency would subject the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any stamp duty, ad valorem charge or similar tax that would not be payable if such reimbursement were made or required to be made in Dollars, the Company shall, at its option, either (x) pay the amount of any such tax requested by the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank or the relevant Lender or (y) reimburse each LC Disbursement made in such Foreign Currency in Dollars, in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount, calculated on the date such LC Disbursement is made, of such LC Disbursement. 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The Company s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) any payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Company s obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, 

interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the relevant Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from liability to the Company to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Company to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Company that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (or, as determined pursuant to a claim initiated by the Company, material breach of its express obligations under the Loan Documents) on the part of any Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, each Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (g) Disbursement Procedures . Each Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Company by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 (h) Interim Interest . If any Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Company reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans (or in the case such LC Disbursement is denominated in a Foreign Currency, at the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate for such Agreed Currency plus the then effective Applicable Rate with respect to Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Loans) provided that, if the Company fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13( c d shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of such Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 

shall be returned to the Company within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 (k) Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the relevant Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Company (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the relevant Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Company and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Company hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Company, and that the Company s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 
 (l) Issuing Bank Agreements . Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank issues, amends or extends any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment or extension, and the currency and aggregate face amount of the Letters of Credit issued, amended or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension (and whether the amount thereof shall have changed), (ii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, the date, currency and amount of such LC Disbursement, (iii) on any Business Day on which a Company fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the currency and amount of such LC Disbursement and (iv) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. 
 SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds (i) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars (other than a Designated Loan) , by 1 00 p.m., New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders and (ii) in the case of each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency and Designated Loans , by 12 00 noon, Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency and at such Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. Except in respect of the provisions of this Agreement covering the reimbursement of Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the relevant Borrower by promptly crediting the funds so received (by the close of business (New York City time or Local Time, as applicable) on the proposed date of the relevant Loans) in the aforesaid account of the Administrative Agent to (x) an account of such Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in New York City or Chicago and designated by such Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars and (y) an account of the Company designated by the Company in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars and (y) an account of such Borrower in the relevant jurisdiction and designated by such Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the relevant Issuing Bank. 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing (or in the case of an ABR Borrowing, prior to 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and such Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the NYFRB applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (including without limitation the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency) or (ii) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans , or in the case of Foreign Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, in each case, as applicable . If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections . (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and Agreed Currency specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the relevant Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. A Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, a Borrower, or the Company on its behalf, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election (by irrevocable written notice via an Interest Election Request signed by a Responsible Officer of such Borrower, or the Company on its behalf) by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if such Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section shall not be construed to permit any Borrower to (i) change the currency of any Borrowing, (ii) elect an Interest Period for Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans that does not comply with Section 2.02(d) or (iii) convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a Type not available under such Borrowing. 
 (c) Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the name of the applicable Borrower and the Agreed Currency and principal amount of the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurocurrency (in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars), a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period and Agreed Currency to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (e) If the relevant Borrower (or the Company on its behalf) fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period (i) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars (other than Designated Loans), such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing and (ii) in the case of a deemed to have an Interest Period that is one (1) month. If the applicable Borrower fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency or a Designated Loan in respect of which the applicable Borrower shall have failed to deliver an Interest Election Request prior to the third (3 rd Business Day preceding the end of such the Interest Period , such therefor, then, unless such Term Benchmark Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, such Borrower shall be deemed to have selected that such Term Benchmark Borrowing shall automatically continue as a Eurocurrency be continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing in the same its original Agreed Currency with an Interest Period of one month unless such Eurocurrency Borrowing is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.11 at the end of such Interest Period . Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Company, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing denominated in Dollars (other than Designated Loans) may be converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing , and (ii) unless repaid, (w) each Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case denominated in Dollars (other than Designated Loans) shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing (in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing) at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (iii) unless repaid, each Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency and each Designated Loan shall automatically be continued as a Eurocurrency Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month. or (in the case of an RFR Borrowing) on the next Interest Payment Date in respect thereof and (x) each Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case denominated in a Foreign Currency, shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency shall either be (A) converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) at the end of the Interest Period or on the Interest Payment Date, as applicable, therefor or (B) prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period or on the Interest Payment Date, as applicable, in full provided that if no election is made by the applicable Borrower by the earlier of (x) the date that is three (3) Business Days after receipt by the Company of such notice and (y) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, such Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (A) above. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, interest on all Eurocurrency Loans (as defined in this Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date) denominated in Dollars outstanding under this Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date shall continue to accrue and be paid based upon the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined in this Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date) applicable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date solely until the expiration of the current Interest Period (as defined in this Agreement immediately prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date) applicable thereto (at which time such Loans may be reborrowed as or converted to ABR Borrowings or Term Benchmark Borrowings, as applicable, in accordance with this Section 2.08). 
 SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments . (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) The Company may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 and (ii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, (A) the Dollar Amount of any Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed its Commitment or (B) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitment. 
 (c) The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Company pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Company may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or other transactions specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . (a) Each Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan made to such Borrower on the Maturity Date in the currency of such Loan and (ii) in the case of the Company, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the seventh (7 th Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made provided that, on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, the Company shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding. 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class, Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence absent manifest error of the existence and amounts of the 

obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the Obligations. 
 (e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it to any Borrower be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the relevant Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit H . Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form. 
 SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans . 
 (a) Any Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11(a). The applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by written notice of any prepayment hereunder (i) (x) in the case of prepayment of a Eurocurrency Revolving Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (y) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing denominated in euro, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, four (4) Business Days before the date of prepayment, and (z) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 12 00 noon, Local Time, three (3) Business Days (in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars (other than Designated Loans)) or four (4) Business Days (in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency and Designated Loans), in each case New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, not later than 12 00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment or (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 12 00 noon, Local Time New York City time , on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) any break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16. 
 (b) If at any time, (i) other than as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, (A) the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to those Credit Events denominated in Foreign Currencies, as of the most recent Computation Date with respect to each such Credit Event) exceeds the Aggregate Commitment or (B) the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure denominated in Foreign Currencies (the Foreign Currency Exposure (so calculated), as of the most recent Computation Date with respect to each such Credit Event, exceeds the Foreign Currency Sublimit or (ii) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, (A) the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure (so calculated) exceeds 105 of the Aggregate Commitment or (B) the Foreign Currency Exposure, as of the most recent Computation Date with respect to each such Credit Event, exceeds 105 of the Foreign Currency Sublimit, the Borrowers shall in each case immediately repay Borrowings or cash collateralize LC Exposure in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.06(j), as applicable, in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause (x) the aggregate Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure (so calculated) to be less than or equal to the Aggregate Commitment and (y) the Foreign Currency Exposure to be less than or equal to the Foreign Currency Sublimit, as applicable. 

(c) The Borrowers will repay or prepay in full all outstanding Loans and Borrowings denominated in Pounds Sterling, Swiss Francs and Japanese Yen on or prior to December 31, 2021. 
 SECTION 2.12. Fees . (a) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the average daily amount of the Available Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Credit Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such commitment fee shall continue to accrue on the average daily amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving Credit Exposure. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth (15 th day following the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof provided that any commitment fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (b) The Company agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in each outstanding Letter of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Revolving Loans on the average daily Dollar Amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements), during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125 per annum on the average daily Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such Issuing bank relating the Letters of Credit as from time to time in effect. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth (15 th day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars shall be paid in Dollars, and participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be paid in Dollars in the Dollar Amount thereof. 
 (c) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.12) and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the relevant Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable absent manifest error in the calculation of the amount thereof. 
 SECTION 2.13. Interest . (a) (i) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan denominated in Dollars other than a Designated Swingline Loan shall 

bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. (ii) Each Eurocurrency Swingline Loan denominated in any Foreign Currency and each Designated Swingline Loan shall bear interest at the Eurocurrency Swingline Rate. 
 (b) The Loans comprising each Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing (other than a Eurocurrency Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, as applicable, for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c) Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (d) (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by any Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 (e) (d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the Commitments provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph c d of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (f) (e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest (i) computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate only at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and (ii) for Borrowings denominated in Pounds Sterling shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days, and in . In each case interest shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. A determination of the applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate, LIBO Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBO Rate or , EURIBO Rate , Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or Daily Simple RFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (g) (f) The interest rates provided for in this Agreement, including this Section 2.13 , are minimum interest rates. When entering into this Agreement, the parties have assumed that the interest payable at the rates set out in this Section 2.13 or in other Sections of this Agreement is not and will not become subject to Swiss Withholding Tax. Notwithstanding that the parties do not anticipate that any payment of interest will be subject to Swiss Withholding Tax, they agree that, in the event that Swiss Withholding Tax should be imposed on interest payments, the payment of interest due by a Swiss Borrower shall, in line with and subject to Section 2.17 , including any limitations therein and any obligations thereunder, be increased to an amount which (after making any deduction of the Non-Refundable Portion (as defined below) of the Swiss Withholding Tax) results in a payment to each Lender entitled to such payment of an amount equal to the payment which would have been due had no deduction of the Swiss Withholding Tax been required. For this purpose, the Swiss Withholding Tax shall be calculated on the full grossed-up interest amount. For the purposes of this Section, Non-Refundable Portion shall mean the Swiss Withholding Tax at the standard rate (being, as at the date hereof, 35 unless a tax ruling issued by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration (SFTA) confirms that, in relation to a specific Lender based on an applicable double tax treaty, the Non-Refundable Portion is a specified lower rate in which case such lower rate shall be applied in relation to such Lender. Each Swiss Borrower shall 

provide to the Administrative Agent the documents required by law or applicable double taxation treaties for the Lenders to claim a refund of any Swiss Withholding Tax so deducted. 
 (h) (g) Interest in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars shall be paid in Dollars, and interest in respect of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be paid in such Foreign Currency. 
 SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.14, if 
 (a) If at the time that the Administrative Agent shall seek to determine the Relevant Screen Rate on the Quotation Day for any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Borrowing such Relevant Screen Rate shall not be available for such Interest Period and or for the applicable currency with respect to such Eurocurrency Borrowing for any reason, and the Administrative Agent shall reasonably determine that it is not possible to determine the LIBO Interpolated Rate (or the EURIBO Interpolated Rate, as applicable) (which conclusion shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error), then the Reference Bank Rate shall be the LIBO Rate (or the EURIBO Rate, as applicable) for such Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Borrowing provided that, if the Reference Bank Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement provided further , however , that if less than two Reference Banks shall supply a rate to the Administrative Agent for purposes of determining the LIBO Rate (or the EURIBO Rate, as applicable) for such Eurocurrency Borrowing, (i) if such Borrowing shall be requested in Dollars (other than Designated Loans), then such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing at the Alternate Base Rate and (ii) if such Borrowing shall be requested in any Foreign Currency or if such Borrowing is a Designated Loan, the LIBO Rate (or the EURIBO Rate, as applicable) shall be equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion after consultation with the Company and consented to in writing by the Required Lenders (any such rate, the Alternative Rate provided , however , that (i) until such time as the applicable Alternative Rate shall be determined for the applicable Foreign Currency and so consented to by the Required Lenders, Borrowings shall not be available in such Foreign Currency and Designated Loans shall not be available and (ii) if the Alternative Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. It is hereby understood and agreed that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 2.14(a), if at any time the conditions set forth in Section 2.14(c) are in effect, the provisions of this Section 2.14(a) shall no longer be applicable for any purpose of determining any alternative rate of interest under this Agreement and Sections 2.14(c), (d), (e) and (f) shall instead be applicable for all purposes of determining any alternative rate of interest under this Agreement. 
 (b) If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Borrowing 
 (i) the Administrative Agent reasonably determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means (including, without limitation, by means of a LIBO Interpolated Rate or a EURIBO Interpolated Rate, as applicable) do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBO Term SOFR Rate , the LIBO Rate, or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or the EURIBO Rate, as applicable (including , without limitation, because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis) , for a Loan in the applicable currency or for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period provided that no Benchmark Transition Event shall have occurred at such time or or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders in their reasonable determination that the Adjusted LIBO Rate, the LIBO that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate , 

or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate or the EURIBO Rate, as applicable, for a Loan in the applicable currency or for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the applicable Borrower Company and the Lenders by telephone or , telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the applicable Borrower Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist , (i) with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the applicable Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Eurocurrency Borrowing in the applicable currency or for the applicable Interest Period, as the case may be, shall be ineffective, (ii) if Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing in Dollars (other than a Designated Loan), such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing and (iii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing in a Foreign Currency or a Designated Loan, then the LIBO Rate for such Eurocurrency Borrowing shall be the Alternative Rate (to the extent established) Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (B) for Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant Benchmark, shall be ineffective provided that , if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings Borrowing , then the all other Type Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. 
 Furthermore, if any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the applicable Borrower s Company s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14( b a with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan, then (i) if such Eurocurrency Loan is Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the applicable Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, then any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall , be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars on such day or (ii) if such Eurocurrency Loan is so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (B) for Loans denominated in any Agreed a Foreign Currency (other than Dollars), then such , any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in such Foreign Currency shall , at the Company s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by the applicable Borrower on such day or (B) be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and (subject to the remainder of this subclause (B)) shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, 

such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in such Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, at the Company s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Agreed Currency) on such day (it being understood and agreed that if the Company does not so prepay such Loan on such day by 12 00 noon, Local Time, the Administrative Agent is authorized to effect such conversion of such Eurocurrency Loan into an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars), and, in the case of such subclause (B), upon the applicable Borrower s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that the circumstances giving rise to the aforementioned notice no longer exist, such ABR Loan denominated in Dollars shall then be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in such original Agreed Currency (in an amount equal to the Foreign Currency Amount of such Agreed Currency) on the day of such notice being given to the applicable Borrower by the Administrative Agent. Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 (b) (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement to replace the Relevant Rate with and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement (and in the case of a replacement LIBO Rate for Dollars, such amendment will include the modification or replacement of is determined in accordance with clause c 1 set forth in of the definition of Alternate Base Rate ). Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5 00 p.m. Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Company, date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such proposed amendment Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders provided that, with respect to any such proposed amendment containing any SOFR-Based Rate in respect of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the Lenders shall be entitled to object only to the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment contained therein. Any such amendment with respect to an Early Opt-in Election will become effective on the date that Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders accept such amendment. No replacement of any Relevant Rate with a Benchmark Replacement will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. . 
 (c) (d) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document . 

(d) (e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable , (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and , (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (e) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or , if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection , will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole reasonable good faith discretion and without consent from any other party hereto to this Agreement or any other Loan Document , except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate or the EURIBO Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (f) Upon the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing the applicable Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to , or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurocurrency Borrowing in the applicable currency or for the applicable Interest Period, as the case may be, shall be ineffective, (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing in Dollars (other than a Designated Loan), such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing and (iii) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) such Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) any Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency or a Designated Loan, then such request shall be ineffective . During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR . Furthermore, if any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Eurocurrency Loan, then (i) if such Eurocurrency Loan is Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars , then any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall , be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an 

ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day or and ii B if such Eurocurrency Loan is for Loans denominated in any Agreed a Foreign Currency , other than Dollars), then such 1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency shall , at the Company s election prior to such day (A) be prepaid by the applicable Borrower on such day or (B) be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and (subject to the remainder of this subclause (B)) shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, at the Company s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Agreed Currency) on such day (it being understood and agreed that if the Company does not so prepay such Loan on such day by 12 00 noon, Local Time, the Administrative Agent is authorized to effect such conversion of such Eurocurrency Loan into an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars), and, in the case of such subclause (B), upon any subsequent implementation of a Benchmark Replacement in respect of such Agreed Currency pursuant to this Section 2.14, such ABR Loan denominated in Dollars shall then be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in such original Agreed Currency (in an amount equal to the Foreign Currency Amount of such Agreed Currency) on the day of such implementation, giving effect to such Benchmark Replacement in respect of such Agreed Currency. Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 
 SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate , as applicable or any Issuing Bank 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the London applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable Agreed Currency any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank Lender or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise, then the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, 

such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay, or cause the other Borrowers to pay, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 90 days prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 90-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments . 
 (a) . In With respect to Term Benchmark Loans, in the event of a i the payment of any principal of any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), b ii the conversion of any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, c iii the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or , d iv the assignment of any Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02( e) d) or (v) the failure by the applicable Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency , then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event . Such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate or the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, as applicable, that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the relevant currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurocurrency market . A certificate of any Lender setting forth any 

amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the applicable Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (b) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(d) or (iv) the failure by the applicable Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the applicable Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 SECTION 2.17. Taxes . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then, subject to Section 2.17(h) and without duplication, the sum payable by the applicable Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers. The relevant Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of any Other Taxes. 
 (c) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Borrower shall deliver to the 
 does count as a single (1) person for purposes of the Swiss Non-Bank Rules, if it reasonably believes that that Lender s status has changed during the term of this Agreement. 
 (l) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Setoffs . 
 (a) Each Borrower shall make each payment or prepayment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to (i) in the case of payments denominated in Dollars (other than in respect of Designated Loans) , 12 00 noon, New York City time and (ii) in the case of payments denominated in a Foreign Currency or in respect of Designated Loans , 12 00 noon, Local at the Applicable Time, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency or Designated Loan, as applicable, in each case , on the 

date when due or the date fixed for any prepayment hereunder, in immediately available funds, without setoff, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made (i) in the same currency in which the applicable Credit Event was made (or where such currency has been converted to euro, in euro) and (ii) to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 10 South Dearborn Street, 7 th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603 or, in the case of a Credit Event denominated in a Foreign Currency or a Designated Loan , the Administrative Agent s Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency or Designated Loan, as applicable , except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments denominated in the same currency received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the making of any Credit Event in any Foreign Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of currency in which the Credit Event was made (the Original Currency no longer exists or any Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by such Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrowers take all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 
 (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
 (c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the relevant Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the 

Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or each of the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (including without limitation the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency). applicable Overnight Rate. 
 (e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender and for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Banks to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under such Sections in the case of each of (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if any Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and 
 Increasing Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, and (y) in the case of an Augmenting Lender, the Company and such Augmenting Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto. No consent of any Lender (other than the Lenders participating in the increase or any Incremental Term Loan) shall be required for any increase in Commitments or Incremental Term Loan pursuant to this Section 2.20. Increases and new Commitments and Incremental Term Loans created pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall become effective on the date agreed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Increasing Lenders or Augmenting Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in the Commitments (or in the Commitment of any Lender) or tranche of Incremental Term Loans shall become effective under this paragraph unless, (i) on the proposed date of the effectiveness of such increase or Incremental Term Loans, (A) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied or waived by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the Company and (B) the Company shall be in compliance (on a Pro Forma Basis) with the covenants contained in Section 6.05 and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received (x) documents consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date as to the organizational power and authority of the Borrowers to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such increase or Incremental Term Loan and (y) reaffirmations from the Company. On the effective date of any increase in the Commitments or any Incremental Term Loans being made, (i) each relevant Increasing Lender and Augmenting Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and (ii) the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase in the Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately 

preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Eurocurrency Term Benchmark Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrowers pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. The Incremental Term Loans (a) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans, (b) shall not mature earlier than the Maturity Date (but may have amortization prior to such date) and (c) shall be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Revolving Loans provided that (i) the terms and conditions applicable to any tranche of Incremental Term Loans maturing after the Maturity Date may provide for material additional or different financial or other covenants or prepayment requirements applicable only during periods after the Maturity Date and (ii) the Incremental Term Loans may be priced differently than the Revolving Loans. Incremental Term Loans may be made hereunder pursuant to an amendment or restatement (an Incremental Term Loan Amendment of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrowers, each Increasing Lender participating in such tranche, each Augmenting Lender participating in such tranche, if any, and the Administrative Agent. The Incremental Term Loan Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the Incremental Term Loans as described in this Section 2.20 provided that any such Incremental Term Loan Amendment shall require that any waivers or amendments of Section 4.02 (including the waiver of any Default that has the effect of waiving the conditions in Section 4.02) shall also require the written consent or approval of Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Commitments in respect of Revolving Loans representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Commitments in respect of Revolving Loans. Nothing contained in this Section 2.20 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its Commitment hereunder, or provide Incremental Term Loans, at any time. 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each other holder of Obligations to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the other holders of Obligations, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. 
 (b) The provisions of this Article VIII are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and, except solely to the extent of the Company s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article VIII, none of the Company or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. Each holder of the Obligations, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Guarantees of the Obligations provided under the Loan Documents, to have agreed to the provisions of this Article VIII. 
 SECTION 8.02 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc . 

(a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Borrower or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for any failure of any Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any (i) notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth or described in Section 5.02 unless and until written notice thereof stating that it is a notice under Section 5.02 in respect of this Agreement and identifying the 
 SECTION 8.06 Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks . 
 (a) Each Lender represents that and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender in the ordinary course of its business and that business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities . Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Company and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date. 
 (c) 
 (i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds 

received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (iii) The Company and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Company or any other Loan Party, except to the extent such erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from any Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of satisfying an Obligation. 
 (iv) Each party s obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 SECTION 8.07 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 

ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 9.01 Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows 
 (i) if to any Borrower, to it c o NewMarket Corporation, 330 South Fourth Street, Richmond, Virginia 23219-4350, Attention of Chief Financial Officer (Telecopy No. (804) 788-5435 Telephone No. (804) 788-5055) and Attention of Treasurer (Telecopy No. (804) 788-5435, Telephone No. (804) 788-6495) 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, (A) in the case of Borrowings denominated in Agreed Currencies (other than Designated Loans) , to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn Street, Floor L2, Chicago, Illinois 60603-2003, Attention of Philip Martino (Telecopy No. (844) 490-5663), (B) in the case of Designated Loans, to J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, Attention of Loans Agency (Telecopy No. 44 207 777 2360), and in each case with a copy to for all other notices, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 8181 Communications Pkwy, Plano, TX 75024, Attention of Peter Predun (email peter.predun jpmorgan.com) and (C) in the case of a notification of the DQ List, to JPMDQ_Contact jpmorgan.com 
 (iii) if to JPMorgan as an Issuing Bank, to it at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn Street, Floor L2, Chicago, Illinois 60603-2003, Attention of Philip Martino (Telecopy No. (844) 490-5663), or in the case of any other Issuing Bank, to it at the address and telecopy number specified from time to time by such Issuing Bank to the Company and the Administrative Agent 
 (iv) if to the Swingline Lender, (A) in the case of Swingline Loans denominated in Dollars (other than Designated Swingline Loans) , to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn Street, Floor L2, Chicago, Illinois 60603-2003, Attention of Philip Martino (Telecopy No. (844) 490-5663) and (B) in the case of Swingline Loans denominated in Foreign Currencies and Designated Swingline Loans , to J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, Attention of Loans Agency (Telecopy No. 44 207 777 2360) and 
 (v) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through Approved Electronic Platforms, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 

(b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Company may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (c) Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient 
 (d) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 SECTION 9.02 Waivers Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (b) Except as provided in Section 2.20 with respect to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment and as provided in Section 2.14( c b and d c ), neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders or by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (except that neither (A) any no amendment or modification of the financial covenant in this Agreement (or defined terms used in the financial covenant in this Agreement or (B) any amendment entered into pursuant to the terms of Section 2.14(c) or (d shall constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (ii)), (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement (other than any reduction of the amount of, or any extension of the payment date for, the mandatory prepayments required under Section 2.11, in each case which shall only require the consent of the Required Lenders), or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, 
 outstanding principal amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant 

to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrowers only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. 
 SECTION 9.03 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver Limitation of Liability, Etc.. 
 (a) . (a) Expenses. The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel for the Administrative Agent and one additional local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks), the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel (and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent and one additional counsel for all of the Lenders and additional counsel as the Administrative Agent or any Lender or group of Lenders reasonably determines are necessary in light of actual or potential conflicts of interest or the availability of different claims or defenses, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (a) Indemnity. The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding is brought by the Company or any other Borrower or its or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of (or, as determined pursuant to a claim initiated by the Company, material breach of its express obligations under the applicable Loan Documents by) such Indemnitee. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to 

Taxes other than any Taxes that are permitted under relevant applicable law as losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Lender Reimbursement. To the extent that the Company fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent-Related Person ), as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that the Company s failure to pay any such amount shall not relieve the Company of any default in the payment thereof) provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such. 
 (d) Limitation of Liability. To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Borrower shall assert, and each Borrower hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person (i) for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet) other than direct or actual damages that are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee Lender-Related Person , or (ii) on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 (e) Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than fifteen (15) days after written demand (together with reasonably detailed invoices) therefor. 
 SECTION 9.04 Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the relevant Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the relevant Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent 
 (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, by any other Person to any Disqualified Competitor. 
 (f) In case of assignment, transfer or novation by a Lender to a new lender or a participant, of all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, the Lenders and the new lender or participant shall agree that, for the purposes of Article 1278 and or Article 1281 of the Luxembourg Civil Code (to the extent applicable), any assignment, amendment, transfer and or novation of any kind permitted under, and made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or any agreement referred to herein to which a Luxembourg Borrower is a party, any security created or guarantee given under this Agreement or in relation to this Agreement shall be preserved and continue in full force and effect to the benefit of the new lender or participant. 
 SECTION 9.05 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrowers in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have 

been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 SECTION 9.06 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement , (y) any other Loan Document and or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or the transactions contemplated hereby and or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, e-mailed . emailed pdf , or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement , such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable . The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby , any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) , each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be , to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company and each Borrower other Loan Party hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrowers, , the Company and the other Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and or any electronic images of this Agreement or , any other Loan Documents (in each case, including with respect to any signature pages thereto) Document and or any Ancillary Document shall have the 

same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original and , (ii) agrees that the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of the Loan Documents this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of any Loan Documents this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, respectively , including with respect to any signature pages thereto . and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Company and or any other Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 SECTION 9.07 Severability . Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 9.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower against any of and all of the Obligations held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights 
 prepayment or otherwise, the Company hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates), forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) in cash an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of such Obligations then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Company further agrees that if payment in respect of any Obligation shall be due in a currency other than Dollars and or at a place of payment other than New York, Chicago or any other Applicable Payment Office and if, by reason of any Change in Law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or other event, payment of such Obligation in such currency or at such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates), disadvantageous to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) in any material respect, then, at the election of the Administrative Agent, the Company shall make payment of such Obligation in Dollars (based upon the Dollar Amount of such Obligation on the date of payment) and or in New York, Chicago or such other Eurocurrency Foreign Currency Payment Office as is designated by the Administrative Agent and, as a separate and independent obligation, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank and any applicable Lender (and any of its Affiliates) against any losses or reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that it shall sustain as a result of such alternative payment. 
 Upon payment by the Company of any sums as provided above, all rights of the Company against any Subsidiary arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinated and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Obligations owed by such Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender (or its applicable Affiliates). 

Nothing shall discharge or satisfy the liability of the Company hereunder except the full performance and payment in cash of the Obligations. 
 Signature Pages Follow 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-21>
 4
 neu-20221231xex21subsidiar.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 The following is a list of the subsidiaries of the registrant as of February 15, 2023. Each such subsidiary does business under its corporate name. 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Afton Argentina Services SRL Argentina Aditivos Mexicanos S.A. de C.V. Mexico Afton Chemical Additives Corporation Virginia Afton Chemical Asia Pacific LLC Virginia Afton Chemical Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore Afton Chemical (Beijing) Co.,Ltd. China Afton Chemical Canada Corporation Canada Afton Chemical Canada Holdings, Inc Virginia Afton Chemical CH Holdings S. .r.l. 
 Luxembourg Afton Chemical Corporation Delaware Afton Chemical de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Afton Chemical de Venezuela, C.A. Venezuela Afton Chemical EA Holdings S. .r.l. 
 Luxembourg Afton Chemical France succursale D'Afton Chemical SRL France Afton Chemical GmbH Germany Afton Chemical India Private Limited India Afton Chemical Industria de Aditivos Ltda Brazil Afton Chemical Intangibles LLC Virginia Afton Chemical International Holdings S. .r.l. Luxembourg Afton Chemical Japan Corporation Japan Afton Chemical Korea Co., Ltd. Korea Afton Chemical Limited United Kingdom Afton Chemical Mexico Holdings LLC Virginia Afton Chemical North Africa SARL AU Morocco Afton Chemical SRL Belgium Afton Chemical (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China Afton Chemical Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Afton Chemical UK Holdings Limited United Kingdom Afton Chemical UK LLP United Kingdom Afton Cooper Limited United Kingdom Ethyl Canada Holdings, Inc. Virginia Ethyl Canada Inc. Canada Ethyl Corporation Virginia Foundry Park I, LLC Virginia Foundry Park II, LLC Virginia Gamble s Hill, LLC Virginia Gamble s Hill Lab, LLC Virginia Gamble s Hill Landing, LLC Virginia Gamble s Hill Third Street, LLC Virginia Gamble s Hill Tredegar, LLC Virginia Lewistown Road, LLC Virginia NewMarket Development Corporation Virginia NewMarket Investment Company Virginia NewMarket Services Corporation Virginia Old Town LLC Virginia OOO Afton Chemical Russia Servicios Afton de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico The Edwin Cooper Corporation Virginia 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 neu-20221231xex23consent.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-120312 and 333-197041) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-253774) of NewMarket Corporation of our report dated February 15, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 February 15, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.A>
 6
 neu-20221231xexhibit31a.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.A

Document 

Exhibit 31(a) 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Thomas E. Gottwald, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of NewMarket Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 15, 2023 By s Thomas E. Gottwald Thomas E. Gottwald Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 7
 neu-20221231xexhibit31b.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.B

Document 

Exhibit 31(b) 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, William J. Skrobacz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of NewMarket Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 15, 2023 By s William J. Skrobacz William J. Skrobacz Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 8
 neu-20221231xexhibit32a.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.A

Document 

Exhibit 32(a) 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of NewMarket Corporation (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas E. Gottwald, chief executive officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s Thomas E. Gottwald Thomas E. Gottwald Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer February 15, 2023 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 9
 neu-20221231xexhibit32b.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.B

Document 

Exhibit 32(b) 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of NewMarket Corporation (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William J. Skrobacz, chief financial officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s William J. Skrobacz William J. Skrobacz Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 15, 2023 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 neu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 neu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 neu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 neu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 neu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

