<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_944695_0000950170-23-004178.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>59928900</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>505695</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3183023</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>34372909</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4807884</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>15197348</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004178.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223172658
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004178
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000944695
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				043263626
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13754
		FILM NUMBER:		23661146

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		440 LINCOLN ST
		CITY:			WORCESTER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01653
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5088551000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		440 LINCOLN ST
		CITY:			WORCESTER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01653

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLMERICA FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950501

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004178.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 thg-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from: to . 
 Commission file number: 
 THE 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Based on the closing sales price of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value, was shares as of February 21, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 
 
 Description 
 
 Page 

Part I 

1 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 18 

1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 33 

2 
 
 Properties 
 
 33 

3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 33 

4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 33 

Part II 

5 
 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 34 

6 
 
 Reserved 
 
 34 

7 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 35 

7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 66 

8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 67 

9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 112 

9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 112 

9B 
 
 Other Information 
 
 112 

9C 
 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 112 

Part III 

10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 113 

11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 115 

12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 115 

13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 115 

14 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 115 

Part IV 

15 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 116 

Exhibits Index 
 
 117 

16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 121 

Signatures 
 
 121 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1 B USINESS 
 ORGANIZATION 
 The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. THG is a holding company organized as a Delaware corporation in 1995. We trace our roots to as early as 1852, when The Hanover Fire Insurance Company was founded. Our primary business operations are property and casualty insurance products and services. We market our products and services through independent agents and brokers in the United States U.S. ). Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of THG; The Hanover Insurance Company Hanover Insurance and Citizens Insurance Company of America Citizens ), which are our principal property and casualty subsidiaries; and other insurance and non-insurance subsidiaries. Our results of operations also include the results of our discontinued operations, consisting primarily of our former accident and health insurance business. 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OPERATING SEGMENTS 
 GENERAL 
 We conduct our business operations through four operating segments: Core Commercial, Specialty, Personal Lines and Other. Interest expense related to our corporate debt is reported separately from the earnings of these operating segments. In our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines segments, we underwrite our insurance products through Hanover Insurance, Citizens and other THG subsidiaries. We distribute them through select independent agents and brokers throughout the U.S. Our Other segment is comprised primarily of business from Opus Investment Management, Inc. Opus and earnings and expenses related to our holding company. During the first quarter of 2022, we disaggregated our former Commercial Lines segment into Core Commercial and Specialty segments. Prior periods reflect this new presentation. This presentation is consistent with the manner in which our chief operating decision maker evaluates results in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. 
 Our agency and customer-centric strategy focuses on providing specialized insurance products and services with an emphasis on disciplined underwriting and pricing, quality claims handling and customer service. We continue to prudently grow and diversify our product offerings and geographic business mix to strengthen our position as one of the top property and casualty insurers focused on the independent agency distribution channel in the U.S. In 2022, we generated approximately 5.5 billion in net premiums written, an increase of 9.7 from the prior year. 
 Information with respect to each of our segments is included in Results of Operations - Segments in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management's Discussion and Analysis and in Note 12 - Segment Information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 RISKS 
 The industry s and our profitability are significantly affected by numerous factors, including price; competition; volatile and unpredictable developments, such as weather conditions, catastrophes and other disasters; legal and regulatory developments affecting pricing, underwriting, policy coverage and other aspects of doing business, as well as insurer and insureds liability; extra-contractual liability; attorney involvement in claims matters; size of jury awards; civil unrest; acts of terrorism; fluctuations in interest rates and the value of investments; and other general economic conditions and trends, such as potential recessionary pressures and inflationary pressure or unemployment, that may affect the adequacy of reserves or the demand for insurance products. Our investment portfolio and its future returns are impacted by the capital markets and current economic conditions, which affect our liquidity, realized losses and impairments, credit default levels, our ability to hold such investments until recovery and other factors. Additionally, the economic conditions in geographic locations where we conduct business, especially those locations where our business is concentrated, affect the growth and profitability of our business. The regulatory environments in those locations, including any pricing, underwriting or product controls, shared market mechanisms or mandatory pooling arrangements, and other conditions, such as our agency relationships, affect the growth and profitability of our business. Our loss and loss adjustment expense LAE reserves are based on estimates, principally involving case assessments and actuarial projections, at a given time, of what we expect the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost based on facts and circumstances then known, predictions of future events, estimates of future trends in claims frequency and severity and judicial theories of liability, costs of repairs and replacement, legislative activity and other factors. We regularly reassess our estimate of loss reserves and LAE, both for current and past years, and resulting changes have and will affect our reported profitability and financial position. 
 Persistent supply chain disruptions emerging from the COVID-19 pandemic Pandemic and significant inflation in the U.S. economy, along with other factors outside our control, have resulted in higher claims costs, particularly in our automobile and homeowners lines of business. Additionally, several other Pandemic uncertainties persist, including evolving driving patterns and court caseload backlogs. The severity, duration and long-term effects of such uncertainties described above may, however, affect the property and casualty insurance industry, our business, and our financial results over the intermediate and long-term. 
 Reference is also made to Risk Factors in Part I Item 1A. 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 LINES OF BUSINESS 
 Core Commercial 
 Our Core Commercial segment generated 2.1 billion, or 37.5 , of consolidated operating revenues and 2.0 billion, or 36.5 , of net premiums written, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The following table provides net premiums written by line of business for our Core Commercial segment. 

Net Premiums 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Written 

of Total 

(in millions, except ratios) 

Commercial multiple peril 

1,011.5 

50.6 

Workers' compensation 

394.8 

19.7 

Commercial automobile 

353.1 

17.7 

Other core commercial 

240.5 

12.0 

Total 

1,999.9 

100.0 

We divide Core Commercial into two distinct businesses, small commercial and middle market, both of which focus on account business. 
 Our Core Commercial product suite provides agents and customers with products designed for small and mid-sized businesses. Small commercial offerings, which generally include annual premiums of 50,000 or less, deliver value through product expertise, local presence and ease of doing business. Middle market accounts, with annual premiums generally in the range of 50,000 to 500,000, require greater underwriting and claim expertise, as well as a focus on industry segments. 
 Core Commercial coverages include: 
 Commercial multiple peril coverage insures businesses against third-party general liability from accidents occurring on their premises or arising out of their operations, such as injuries sustained from products sold. It also insures business property for damage, such as that caused by fire, wind, hail, water damage (which may include flood), theft and vandalism. 
 Workers compensation coverage insures employers against employee medical and indemnity claims resulting from injuries related to work. Workers compensation policies are often written in conjunction with other commercial policies. 
 Commercial automobile coverage insures businesses against losses incurred from personal bodily injury, bodily injury to third parties, property damage to an insured s vehicle and property damage to other vehicles and property. Commercial automobile policies are often written in conjunction with other commercial policies. 
 Other core commercial coverage includes monoline general liability, commercial umbrella and monoline property. 
 Our strategy in Core Commercial is focused on strengthening and expanding our market reach through differentiated product offerings, industry segmentation, and franchise value through selective distribution. We continue to make enhancements to our products and technology platforms that are intended to drive more account placements in our small commercial and middle market businesses. In small commercial, we have gained significant momentum with the launch of TAP Sales, our new agent quote-and-issue platform, making it easier and more efficient for our agents to do business with us, leveraging our agency analytics capabilities, comprehensive service center offering, and full suite of digital self-service tools. In middle market, we maintained our focus on specialized industry segments, a key area of market differentiation. We continued to grow our most profitable industry segments, including technology, human services and financial institutions, taking a measured approach in more challenging segments. We also capitalized on the strength of our localized field structure, creating a competitive advantage in sourcing new business, as well as our robust claims and risk management capabilities. 
 We believe our small commercial capabilities and distinctiveness in the middle market, including our diversified portfolio of products, enable us to deliver significant value to our agents and policyholders. We believe these efforts will enable us to continue to improve the overall mix of our business and ultimately our underwriting profitability. 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Specialty 
 Our Specialty segment generated 1.3 billion, or 22.5 , of consolidated operating revenues and 1.2 billion, or 22.7 , of net premiums written, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The following table provides net premiums written by line of business for our Specialty segment. 

Net Premiums 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Written 

of Total 

(in millions, except ratios) 

Professional and Executive Lines 

410.5 

33.0 

Specialty Property Casualty 

402.1 

32.3 

Marine 

360.2 

29.0 

Surety and Other 

70.9 

5.7 

Total 

1,243.7 

100.0 

Specialty offers a comprehensive suite of products focused predominately on small to mid-sized businesses. This includes numerous specialized products that are organized into four distinct divisions: 
 Professional and Executive Lines coverage is primarily composed of professional, management, and medical liability, which provides protection for directors, officers and other employees of companies that may be sued in connection with their performance, and errors and omissions protection to companies and individuals against negligence or bad faith, as well as protection for employment practices liability. 
 Specialty Property Casualty is comprised of: 
 Hanover Programs business which offers coverage to markets where there are specialty underwriting or risk management needs related to groups of similar businesses; 

Hanover Specialty Industrial business which provides property insurance to small and medium-sized chemical, paint, solvent and other manufacturing and distribution companies, and fire and allied lines coverages; 

Excess Surplus business that includes non-admitted general liability and property coverage to risks outside of the appetite of standard commercial lines; and, 

Specialty General Liability encompasses admitted coverages for higher hazard liability risks. 

Marine coverage includes inland and ocean marine, and insures businesses against physical losses to property, such as contractor s equipment, builders risk and goods in transit, and also covers jewelers block, fine art and other valuables. 
 Surety and Other includes coverage for construction and other firms, as well as sole proprietors in the event of claims for non-performance or non-payment, and commercial surety coverage related to fiduciary or regulatory obligations. 
 We have continued to invest in our Specialty businesses, refining our broad product offering, focusing on the lower end of the risk and account-sized spectrum, leveraging our highly regarded service center, which has been, and we expect will continue to be, a critical growth lever for us. We have successfully developed a robust, diversified and profitable Specialty segment that we believe represents a distinct competitive advantage, with eight dedicated businesses and 17 distinct product areas. 
 We believe that this distribution of Specialty products, primarily through retail agents supplemented by select specialists helps to enhance our overall agent value and increase growth opportunities by providing agents easier access to placement solutions for Specialty needs, including those that complement Core Commercial accounts. 
 Personal Lines 
 Our Personal Lines segment generated 2.2 billion, or 39.7 , of consolidated operating revenues and 2.2 billion, or 40.8 , of net premiums written, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The following table provides net premiums written by line of business for our Personal Lines segment. 

Net Premiums 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Written 

of Total 

(in millions, except ratios) 

Personal automobile 

1,317.2 

59.0 

Homeowners and Other 

915.7 

41.0 

Total 

2,232.9 

100.0 

5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Personal Lines coverages include: 
 Personal automobile coverage insures individuals against losses incurred from personal bodily injury, bodily injury to third parties, property damage to an insured s vehicle, and property damage to other vehicles and other property. 
 Homeowners and other personal lines coverages insure individuals for losses related to: 
 residences and personal property, such as those caused by fire, wind, hail, water damage (excluding flood), theft and vandalism; 

liability claims by a third-party for bodily injury and/or property damage experienced at residences; and, 

personal umbrella, inland marine (jewelry, art, etc.), fire, personal watercraft, personal cyber and other miscellaneous coverages. 

Our strategy in Personal Lines is to provide account oriented business (i.e., writing both an insured s automobile and homeowners insurance, along with other Personal Lines coverages when applicable) through select independent agents, with a focus on increasing geographic diversification. The market for our Personal Lines business is very competitive, with continued pressure on independent agents from direct insurance writers, as well as from the increased usage of real time comparative rating tools and increasingly sophisticated rating and pricing tools. We maintain a focus on working with high quality, value-added agents that stress the importance of consultative selling and account rounding (the conversion of single policy customers to accounts with multiple policies and/or additional coverages, to address customers broader objectives). We are focused on making business investments that are intended to help us maintain profitability, build a distinctive position in the market, deliver value to agents and customers, and provide us with profitable growth opportunities. We continue to refine our products and to work closely with these high-potential agents to increase the percentage of business they place with us and to ensure that it is consistent with our preferred mix of business. Additionally, we remain focused on further diversifying our geographic mix beyond our largest historical core states of Michigan and Massachusetts. We expect these efforts to decrease our risk concentrations and our dependency on these states, as well as to contribute to improved profitability over time. 
 Other 
 The Other segment primarily includes Opus, which provides investment advisory services to affiliates and also manages approximately 2.0 billion of assets for unaffiliated institutions, such as insurance companies, retirement plans and foundations. The Other segment also includes earnings on holding company assets; holding company and other expenses, including certain costs associated with retirement benefits due to former life insurance employees and agents; our run-off voluntary property and casualty pools business; and our run-off direct asbestos and environmental business. 
 MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION 
 We serve a variety of standard, specialty and targeted industry markets. Consistent with our objective to diversify our underwriting risks on a geographic and line of business basis, our business is currently comprised of approximately 41 Personal Lines, 36 Core Commercial, and 23 Specialty. Core Commercial, including our small and middle market businesses, Personal Lines and the majority of our Specialty business distribute our products primarily through a network of independent agents. 
 Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines 
 Our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines independent agency distribution and field structure are designed to maintain a strong focus on local markets and the flexibility to respond to specific market conditions. During 2022, we wrote 19.7 of our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines business in Michigan and 8.6 in Massachusetts. Our localized field management structure is a key factor in the establishment and maintenance of productive, long-term relationships with well-established independent agencies. We maintain 35 local offices across 23 states. The majority of processing support for these locations is provided from our Worcester, Massachusetts; Howell, Michigan; Salem, Virginia; and Windsor, Connecticut offices. 
 Independent agents account for substantially all of the sales of our Core Commercial and Personal Lines property and casualty products, and the majority of our Specialty products. However, some Specialty business, such as Hanover Programs, is also distributed through managing general agents or wholesale distributors who have expertise in the industries served or products offered. We appoint agencies based on profitability, track record, financial stability, growth potential, professionalism and business strategy. Once appointed, we monitor their performance and, subject to legal and regulatory requirements, may take actions as necessary to change these business relationships, such as discontinuing the authority of the agent to underwrite certain products, or revising commissions or bonus opportunities. We compensate agents primarily through base commissions and bonus plans that are tied to an agency s written premium, growth and profitability. 
 We are licensed to sell property and casualty insurance in all fifty states in the U.S., as well as in the District of Columbia D.C. ). Throughout the U.S., we actively market Core Commercial and Specialty policies in 40 states and D.C., and Personal Lines policies in 20 states. 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The following table provides our top Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines geographical markets based on total net premiums written in each state in 2022. 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Core Commercial 

Specialty 

Personal Lines 

Total 

(in millions, except ratios) 
 
 Net Premiums Written 

of Total 

Net Premiums Written 

of Total 

Net Premiums Written 

of Total 

Net Premiums Written 

of Total 

Michigan 

109.3 

5.5 

51.1 

4.1 

917.6 

41.1 

1,078.0 

19.7 

Massachusetts 

156.5 

7.8 

57.2 

4.6 

257.3 

11.5 

471.0 

8.6 

New York 

148.2 

7.4 

98.9 

7.9 

138.5 

6.2 

385.6 

7.0 

California 

229.2 

11.5 

156.2 

12.6 

385.4 

7.0 

Illinois 

106.6 

5.3 

53.0 

4.3 

133.5 

6.0 

293.1 

5.3 

Texas 

158.0 

7.9 

120.1 

9.7 

278.1 

5.1 

New Jersey 

110.2 

5.5 

49.0 

3.9 

84.0 

3.8 

243.2 

4.4 

Connecticut 

48.4 

2.4 

17.5 

1.4 

135.7 

6.1 

201.6 

3.7 

Georgia 

74.1 

3.7 

38.5 

3.1 

71.0 

3.2 

183.6 

3.4 

Virginia 

66.2 

3.3 

35.3 

2.8 

40.2 

1.8 

141.7 

2.6 

Maine 

54.7 

2.7 

16.6 

1.3 

57.5 

2.6 

128.8 

2.4 

Pennsylvania 

49.2 

2.5 

30.9 

2.5 

47.0 

2.1 

127.1 

2.3 

Wisconsin 

43.8 

2.2 

23.2 

1.9 

58.2 

2.6 

125.2 

2.3 

Indiana 

41.6 

2.1 

24.5 

2.0 

37.2 

1.7 

103.3 

1.9 

Tennessee 

29.6 

1.5 

26.2 

2.1 

47.5 

2.1 

103.3 

1.9 

Minnesota 

68.4 

3.4 

28.4 

2.3 

96.8 

1.8 

North Carolina 

58.3 

2.9 

37.6 

3.0 

0.6 

96.5 

1.8 

Ohio 

23.5 

1.2 

23.9 

1.9 

43.1 

1.9 

90.5 

1.6 

Florida 

38.9 

1.9 

47.5 

3.8 

86.4 

1.6 

New Hampshire 

35.3 

1.8 

11.4 

0.9 

38.8 

1.7 

85.5 

1.5 

Other 

349.9 

17.5 

296.7 

23.9 

125.2 

5.6 

771.8 

14.1 

Total 

1,999.9 

100.0 

1,243.7 

100.0 

2,232.9 

100.0 

5,476.5 

100.0 

We manage our Core Commercial and Specialty business portfolio with a focus on growth from the most profitable industry segments within our underwriting expertise. Our Core Commercial business is generally comprised of several complementary commercial lines of business, consisting of small and middle market accounts, which include targeted industry segments. Additionally, in our Specialty segment, we have multiple specialty lines of business. We seek to maintain strong agency relationships as an approach to secure and retain our agents best accounts. We monitor the quality of our business written through ongoing quality reviews, accountability for which is shared at the local, regional and corporate levels. 
 We manage our Personal Lines business with a focus on acquiring and retaining preferred accounts. Currently, approximately 88 of our policies in force are account business. Approximately 53 of our Personal Lines net premiums written is generated in the combined states of Michigan and Massachusetts. In Michigan, based upon direct premiums written for 2022, we underwrite approximately 7 of the state s total market. 
 Approximately 64 of our Michigan Personal Lines net premium written is in the personal automobile line and 33 is in the homeowners line. Michigan business represents approximately 45 of our total personal automobile net premiums written and approximately 37 of our total homeowners net premiums written. In Michigan, we are a principal market for many of our appointed agencies, with approximately 2.3 million of total direct premiums written, per agency, in 2022. 
 In addition, in 2019, Michigan enacted major reforms of its system governing personal and commercial automobile insurance, especially related to automobile Personal Injury Protection PIP coverage. We believe that we are effectively executing the transition to the reformed system and expect to navigate this market successfully. As of December 31, 2022, the net impact of these reforms was not significant to our total net premiums written and underwriting profit. For the full year 2022, net premiums written that were attributable to PIP coverage in Michigan were 141.6 million, or 2.6 of our total company full year 2022 net premiums written, while Michigan personal automobile net premiums written represented 10.7 of our total company full year 2022 net premiums written. See also Risk Factors in Part I Item 1A. 
 Approximately 65 of our Massachusetts Personal Lines net premium written is in the personal automobile line and 31 is in the homeowners line. Massachusetts business represents approximately 13 of our total personal automobile net premiums written and approximately 10 of our total homeowners net premiums written. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We sponsor local and national agent advisory councils to gain the benefit of our agents insight and enhance our relationships. These councils and our other strong agency relationships provide market and operational feedback, input on the development of products and services, guidance on marketing efforts, support for our strategies, and assist us in enhancing our local market presence. 
 Other 
 With respect to our Other segment, we market our third-party investment advisory services directly through Opus. 
 PRICING AND COMPETITION 
 The property and casualty insurance industry is a very competitive market. In our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines segments, we market and distribute through independent agents and brokers, and compete for business on the basis of product, price, agency and customer service, local relationships, ratings and effective claims handling, among other things. Our competitors include national, international, regional and local companies that sell insurance through various distribution channels, including independent agencies, captive agency forces, brokers, and direct to consumers through the internet or otherwise. They also include mutual insurance companies, reciprocals and exchanges. We believe that our emphasis on maintaining strong agency relationships and a local presence in our markets, coupled with investments in products, operating efficiency, technology and effective claims handling, enable us to differentiate ourselves and compete more effectively. Our broad product offerings in Core Commercial and Specialty and total account strategy in Personal Lines are instrumental to our ability to capitalize on these relationships and improve profitability. 
 We seek to achieve targeted combined ratios in each of our product lines. Targets vary by product and geography and change with market conditions. The targeted combined ratios reflect competitive market conditions, investment yield expectations, our loss payout patterns and target returns on equity. This approach is intended to enable us to achieve measured growth and consistent profitability. 
 For all major product lines in the Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines segments, we employ pricing teams that produce exposure and experience-based rating models, some of which require regulatory approval, to support underwriting and pricing decisions. In addition, we seek to utilize our understanding of local markets to achieve superior underwriting results. We rely on market information provided by our local agents and on the knowledge of staff in the local branch offices. Since we maintain a strong local presence in many regions and a significant market share in a number of states, we can better apply our knowledge and experience in making underwriting and rate setting decisions. Also, we seek to gather objective and verifiable information at a policy level during the underwriting process, including prior loss experience, past driving records and, where permitted, credit histories. 
 CLAIMS MANAGEMENT 
 Claims management includes the receipt of initial loss notifications, generation of appropriate responses to claim reports, loss appraisals, identification and handling of coverage issues, determination of whether further investigation is required, retention of legal representation, where appropriate, establishment of case reserves, approval of loss payments, and notification to reinsurers. Part of our strategy focuses on efficient, timely and fair claim settlements to meet customer service expectations and maintain valuable independent agent relationships. Additionally, effective claims management is important to our business since claim payments and related loss adjustment expenses are our largest expenditures. 
 We utilize experienced claims adjusters, appraisers, medical specialists, managers and attorneys to manage our claims. Our property and casualty operations have both virtual and field claims adjusters located throughout the states and regions in which we do business. Claims staff members often work closely with the independent agents who bound the policies under which coverage is claimed. Claims adjusting staff are supported by general adjusters for large property and casualty losses, by automobile and heavy equipment damage appraisers for automobile material damage losses, and by medical specialists whose principal concentration is on workers compensation and automobile injury cases. Additionally, the claims staff are supported by staff attorneys who specialize in litigation defense and claim settlements. We have a catastrophe response team to assist policyholders impacted by severe weather events. This team mobilizes quickly to impacted regions, often in advance for a large tracked storm, to support our local claims adjusters and facilitate a timely response to resulting claims. We also maintain a special unit that investigates suspected insurance fraud and abuse. We utilize claims processing technology, such as customer self-service applications and photo analytics technology, that enables most of the smaller and more routine Personal Lines claims to be processed at centralized locations. 
 CATASTROPHES 
 We are subject to claims arising out of catastrophes, which historically have had a significant impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Coverage for such events is a core part of our business, and we expect to experience catastrophe losses in the future, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. Catastrophes can be caused by various events, including, among others, hurricanes, tornadoes and other windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, fire, explosions, riots, and terrorism. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are volatile and difficult to predict. 
 We endeavor to manage our catastrophe risks through underwriting procedures, including the use of deductibles and specific restrictions for flood and earthquake coverage, subject to regulatory restrictions and competitive pressures, and through geographic exposure management and reinsurance. Our catastrophe reinsurance program is structured to protect us on a per-occurrence and aggregate excess basis. We monitor geographic location and coverage concentrations with a view toward managing corporate exposure to catastrophic events. Although catastrophes can cause losses in a variety of property and casualty lines, commercial multiple peril and homeowners property coverages have, in the past, generated the majority of catastrophe-related claims. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 REINSURANCE 
 Reinsurance Program Overview 
 We maintain ceded reinsurance programs designed to protect against large or unusual loss and LAE activity. We utilize a variety of proportional and non-proportional reinsurance agreements, which are intended to control our individual policy and aggregate exposure to large property and casualty losses, stabilize earnings and protect capital resources. These programs include facultative reinsurance (to limit exposure on a specified risk); specific excess and proportional treaty reinsurance (to limit exposure on individual policies or risks within specified classes of business); and catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance (to limit exposure to any one event that might impact more than one individual policy). Our proportional reinsurance consists of quota share reinsurance agreements and our non-proportional reinsurance includes excess of loss and stop loss reinsurance agreements. 
 Catastrophe reinsurance is designed to protect us, as the ceding insurer, from significant losses arising from a single event including, among others, hurricanes, tornadoes and other windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, fire, explosions, riots, flood and terrorism. We determine the appropriate amount of reinsurance based on our evaluation of the risks insured, exposure analyses prepared by advisors, our risk appetite and market conditions, including the availability and pricing of reinsurance. Although we believe our catastrophe reinsurance program, including our retention and co-participation amounts for 2023, is appropriate given our surplus level and the current reinsurance pricing environment, there can be no assurance that our reinsurance program will provide coverage levels that will prove adequate should we experience losses from one significant or several large catastrophes during 2023. Additionally, as a result of the current economic environment, as well as losses incurred by reinsurers in the past several years, the availability and pricing of appropriate reinsurance programs may be adversely affected in future renewal periods. We may not be able to pass these costs on to policyholders, or there may be a delay in passing these costs to policyholders, in the form of higher premiums or assessments. 
 We cede to reinsurers a portion of our risk based upon insurance policies subject to such reinsurance. Reinsurance contracts do not relieve us from our obligations to policyholders. Failure of reinsurers to honor their obligations could result in losses to us. We believe that the terms of our reinsurance contracts are consistent with industry practice in that they contain standard terms with respect to lines of business covered, limit and retention, arbitration and occurrence. Subsequent to the emergence of COVID-19 in March 2020, some of our reinsurance contract renewals contain varying forms of pandemic and other exclusions, which we believe are consistent with current reinsurance contract exclusions in the market generally. We believe our reinsurers are financially sound, based upon our ongoing review of the financial strength ratings assigned to them by rating agencies, their reputations in the reinsurance marketplace, our collections history, information and advice from third parties, and the analysis and guidance of our reinsurance advisors. 
 Reference is made to Note 13 Reinsurance in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Reference is also made to Involuntary Residual Markets below. 
 Our 2023 reinsurance program for our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines segments is fundamentally similar to our 2022 program. The following discussion summarizes both our 2022 and 2023 reinsurance programs for our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines segments (excluding coverage available under the U.S. federal terrorism program which is described below under Terrorism ), but does not purport to be a complete description of the program or the various restrictions or limitations which may apply: 
 Our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines segments are primarily protected by a property catastrophe occurrence excess of loss reinsurance treaty, a property per risk excess of loss treaty, as well as a casualty excess of loss treaty, with retentions of 200 million, 3 million, and 2 million, respectively. 

The property catastrophe occurrence excess of loss reinsurance policy provides coverage, on an occurrence basis, up to 1.3 billion, less a 200 million retention, with no co-participation, for all defined perils. For occurrences from 1.3 billion to 1.45 billion, we have coverage for 33 of losses where losses are not covered by the catastrophe bond, discussed further below. In the event the catastrophe bond is utilized, this additional 150 million in limit (33 placed) is available above 1.45 billion. Additionally, effective July 1, 2022 we chose not to renew our reinsurance coverage for aggregate catastrophe losses. 

The property per risk excess of loss treaty provides coverage, on a per risk basis, up to 100 million, less a 3 million retention, with a co-participation for the second half of 2022 and the first half 2023 of 57.5 for reinsurance placed in the 3 million to 5 million layer, 9.65 for reinsurance in the 5 million to 12.5 million layer, 17.6 in the 12.5 million to 25 million layer, and no co-participation for reinsurance layers placed between 25 million and 100 million. Effective July 2022, there is no annual aggregate deductible within the property per risk excess of loss treaty. 

In 2022, the casualty excess of loss treaty provides coverage, on a per occurrence basis for each loss, up to 75 million less a 2 million retention, with a co-participation of 13.5 in the 2 million to 5 million layer, and no co-participation for reinsurance layers placed between 5 million and 75 million. 

9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 For 2022 and 2023, Core Commercial and Specialty segments are further protected by excess of loss treaty agreements for specific lines of business. For example, the Specialty segment's surety and fidelity bond excess of loss treaty provides coverage, on a per principal basis, up to 40 million, less a 7.5 million retention, with no co-participation. 

In addition to certain layers of coverage discussed above, within our Specialty segment, our Specialty P C business also includes surplus share, quota share, excess of loss, stop loss, facultative and other forms of reinsurance that cover the writings from Hanover Programs. There are a variety of different programs, and the reinsurance structure is generally customized to fit the exposure profile for each program. 

Our intention is to renew the surety and fidelity bond treaty, the property per risk excess of loss treaty and the property catastrophe occurrence excess of loss treaty in July 2023 with the same or similar terms and conditions, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current levels of reinsurance, pricing and terms and conditions. Our 2023 casualty excess of loss treaty is effective January 1, 2023. 
 During 2021, we entered into an agreement to transfer our Excess and Casualty Reinsurance Association ECRA pool participations to a third-party reinsurer. This transfer was executed through a 100 reinsurance arrangement for our ECRA claim liability participations, which were written during the period 1950 to 1982. In 1982, the pool was dissolved and since that time, the business has been in run-off. This transaction had no significant impact on our results of operations. 
 Catastrophe Bonds 
 Effective July 1, 2022, we secured new catastrophe protection through a per occurrence excess of loss reinsurance agreement with Commonwealth Re Ltd. Commonwealth Re ), an independent company, licensed as a Special Purpose Insurer in Bermuda. The reinsurance agreement meets the requirements to be accounted for as reinsurance in accordance with the guidance for reinsurance contracts. In connection with the reinsurance agreement, Commonwealth Re issued notes (generally referred to as catastrophe bonds to investors in amounts totaling 150.0 million, consistent with the amount of coverage provided under the reinsurance agreement as described below. The proceeds were deposited in a reinsurance trust account. 
 The reinsurance agreement provides us with coverage of up to 150.0 million through June 30, 2025, for catastrophe losses from named tropical storms or hurricanes, including all events or perils directly resulting from such storm or storm system, which may include, by way of example and not limitation, hurricane, wind, gusts, typhoon, hail, rain, tornadoes, cyclones, ensuing flood, storm surge, water damage, fire following, sprinkler leakage, riots, vandalism, and collapse. For events up to and including June 30, 2025, we are entitled to begin recovering amounts under this reinsurance agreement if the covered losses in the covered area for a single occurrence reach an initial attachment amount of 1.3 billion. The full 150.0 million coverage amount is available until such covered losses reach a maximum 1.45 billion. The attachment level and the maximum level (or exhaustion level) under this agreement may be reset annually to adjust the expected loss of the layer within a predetermined range. The coverage under the reinsurance agreement is limited to specified personal and commercial property coverage written in the following geographies in the United States: Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Virginia. 
 Under the terms of the reinsurance agreement, we are obligated to pay annual reinsurance premiums to Commonwealth Re for the reinsurance coverage. Amounts payable under the reinsurance agreement with respect to any covered event cannot exceed our actual losses from such event. The principal amount of the catastrophe bonds will be reduced by any amounts paid to us under the reinsurance agreement. 
 As with any reinsurance agreement, there is credit risk associated with collecting amounts due from reinsurers. With regard to Commonwealth Re, since the reinsurance coverage is fully collateralized by the proceeds from the catastrophe bond offering, the credit risk is largely mitigated. Commonwealth Re has funded a reinsurance trust account with money market funds that invest primarily in cash or direct U.S. federal government obligations and obligations backed by the U.S. federal government with maturities of no more than 397 calendar days. The money market funds must have a principal stability rating of at least AAAm by Standard Poor s or Aaa by Moody s on the issuance date of the bonds and thereafter must be rated by Standard Poor s and Moody s, as applicable. 
 At the time the agreement was entered into with Commonwealth Re, we evaluated the applicability of the accounting guidance that addresses variable interest entities VIE ). Under this guidance, an entity that is formed for business purposes is considered a VIE if (a) the equity investors lack the direct or indirect ability through voting rights or similar rights to make decisions about an entity's activities that have a significant effect on the entity s operations or (b) the equity investors do not provide sufficient financial resources for the entity to support its activities. Additionally, a company that absorbs a majority of the expected losses from a VIE s activities or is entitled to receive a majority of the entity s expected residual returns, or both, is considered to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE and is required to consolidate the VIE in the company s financial statements. We concluded that Commonwealth Re was a VIE because the conditions described in items (a) and (b) above were present. However, while Commonwealth Re was determined to be a VIE, we 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 concluded that we do not have a variable interest in the entity, as the variability in its results, caused by the reinsurance agreement, is expected to be absorbed entirely by the investors in the catastrophe bonds issued by Commonwealth Re and residual amounts earned by it, if any, are expected to be absorbed by the equity investors (we have neither an equity nor a residual interest in Commonwealth Re). Accordingly, we are not the primary beneficiary of Commonwealth Re and do not consolidate that entity in our consolidated financial statements. Additionally, because we have no intention to pursue any transaction that would result in our acquisition of an interest in and becoming the primary beneficiary of Commonwealth Re, the consolidation of that entity in our consolidated financial statements in future periods is unlikely. 
 Terrorism 
 As a result of the continuing threat of terrorist attacks, the insurance industry maintains a high level of focus with respect to the potential for losses caused by terrorist acts. Insured losses may encompass people, property and business operations covered under workers compensation, commercial multiple peril and other commercial lines policies, in both our Core Commercial and Specialty lines, as well as Personal Lines policies. In certain cases, such as workers compensation, we are not able to exclude coverage for these losses, either because of regulatory requirements or competitive pressures. Losses caused by terrorist acts are not excluded from homeowners or personal automobile policies. We continually evaluate the potential effect of these low frequency, but potentially high severity, events in our overall pricing and underwriting plans, especially for policies written in major metropolitan areas. 
 Although certain terrorism-related risks embedded in our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines are covered under the existing Catastrophe, Property per Risk and Casualty Excess of Loss corporate reinsurance treaties (see Reinsurance Reinsurance Program Overview above for additional information), private sector catastrophe reinsurance is limited or unavailable for losses attributed to acts of terrorism, particularly those involving nuclear, biological, chemical and/or radiological events. As a result, the industry s primary reinsurance protection against large-scale terrorist attacks in the U.S. is provided through a federal program that provides compensation for insured losses resulting from acts of terrorism. 
 The Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 first established the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program (the Program ). Coverage under the Program applies to workers compensation, commercial multiple peril and certain other commercial lines policies in both our Core Commercial and Specialty segments for direct written policies. The Program will expire in December 2027. All commercial property and casualty insurers are required to participate in the Program. Under the Program, a participating issuer, in exchange for making terrorism insurance available, may be entitled to be reimbursed by the Federal government for a portion of its aggregate losses. The Program does not cover losses in surety within Specialty, Personal Lines or certain other lines of business. 
 As required by the Program, we offer policyholders in specific lines of commercial insurance the option to elect terrorism coverage. In order for a loss event to be reinsured under the Program, the loss event must meet aggregate industry loss minimums and must be the result of an act of terrorism as certified by the Secretary of the Treasury in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the U.S. Attorney General. Losses from events which do not qualify or are not so certified will not receive the benefit of the Program. Such losses may be deemed covered losses under the insured s policy whether or not terrorism coverage was purchased. Further, under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019, our share of U.S. domestic losses in 2022 from such events, if deemed certified terrorist events, would have been limited to 20 of losses in excess of an approximate 501 million deductible, which represented 18.4 of year-end 2021 statutory policyholder surplus of our insurers, and, is estimated to be 555 million in 2023, representing 20.6 of 2022 year-end statutory policyholder surplus, up to a combined annual aggregate limit for the federal government and all insurers of 100 billion. 
 Given the unpredictability of terrorism losses, future losses from acts of terrorism could be material to our operating results, financial position, and/or liquidity. We attempt to manage our exposures on an individual line of business basis and in the aggregate by one-half square mile grids in major metropolitan areas. 
 Reinsurance Recoverables 
 When we experience loss events that are subject to a reinsurance contract, reinsurance recoverables are recorded. The amount of the recorded reinsurance recoverable depends on the estimated size of the individual loss or the aggregate amount of all losses in a particular line, book of business or an aggregate amount associated with a particular accident year. The valuation of losses recoverable depends on whether the underlying loss is a reported loss, or an incurred but not reported loss. For reported losses, we value reinsurance recoverables at the time the underlying loss is recognized, in accordance with contract terms. For incurred but not reported losses, we estimate the amount of reinsurance recoverable based on the terms of the reinsurance contracts and historical reinsurance recovery information and apply that information to the gross loss reserve estimates. The most significant assumption we use is the average size of the individual losses that will exceed our reinsurance retentions for those claims that have occurred but have not yet been reported to us. The reinsurance recoverable is based on what we believe are reasonable estimates and is disclosed separately on the financial statements. However, the ultimate amount of the reinsurance recoverable is not known until all losses are settled. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Other than our investment portfolio, the single largest asset class is our reinsurance recoverables, which consist of our estimate of amounts recoverable from reinsurers with respect to losses incurred to date (including losses incurred but not reported) and unearned premiums, net of amounts estimated to be uncollectible. These estimates are expected to be revised at each reporting period and such revisions, which could be material, affect our results of operations and financial position. Reinsurance recoverables include amounts due from state mandatory reinsurance or other involuntary risk sharing mechanisms, and private reinsurers to whom we have voluntarily ceded business. 
 We are subject to concentration of risk with respect to reinsurance ceded to various mandatory residual markets, facilities and pooling mechanisms. As a condition to conduct business in various states, we are required to participate in residual market mechanisms, facilities and pooling arrangements, which usually are designed to provide insurance coverages to individuals or other entities that are otherwise unable to purchase such coverage voluntarily or at rates deemed reasonable. These market mechanisms, facilities and pooling arrangements comprise 893.5 million of our total reinsurance recoverables on paid and unpaid losses and unearned premiums at December 31, 2022, 883.0 million of which is attributable to the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association MCCA ). 
 The MCCA is a mandatory reinsurance association that reinsures claims that arise under Michigan s unlimited personal injury protection coverage, which is one of the available coverage options under Michigan s no-fault automobile insurance statute. The MCCA reinsures all such claims in excess of a statutorily established company retention, currently 600,000. Funding for the MCCA comes from assessments against automobile insurers based upon their share of insured automobiles in the state for which the policyholders have elected unlimited PIP benefits. Insurers are allowed to pass along this cost to Michigan automobile policyholders. This recoverable accounted for 54 and 57 of our total personal automobile gross reserves at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Because the MCCA is supported by assessments permitted by statute, and there have been no significant uncollectible balances from MCCA identified during the three years ending December 31, 2022, we believe that we have no significant exposure to uncollectible reinsurance balances from this entity. 
 In 2021, the MCCA Board voted unanimously to return approximately 3.0 billion of its estimated surplus to policyholders through its member insurance companies. This action occurred because the association s surplus was deemed to have increased beyond a level necessary to cover its expected losses and expenses. Since policyholders are the ultimate payers of the MCCA premium, this return of MCCA surplus was passed through to policyholders. The refund was paid to policyholders and was recorded as a refund of premium transaction in our financial statements, reducing both direct written premium and ceded written premium. There was no effect on net written premium or net earned premium. The total amount of the refund was approximately 183.2 million, comprised of 179.1 million for personal automobile and 4.1 million for commercial automobile policyholders. 
 In addition to the reinsurance ceded to various residual market mechanisms, facilities and pooling arrangements, we had 1,071.0 million of reinsurance assets due from traditional reinsurers as of December 31, 2022. These amounts are due principally from highly-rated reinsurers, defined as rated A- or higher by A.M. Best or other equivalent rating agencies. In certain instances, for example in our Hanover Programs business, we also require, from the reinsurer, a deposit of assets in trust, letters of credit or other acceptable collateral in order to support balances due from reinsurers that provide reinsurance only on a collateralized basis. 
 The following table displays balances recoverable from our ten largest reinsurance groups at December 31, 2022, along with the A.M. Best rating for each group s ultimate parent or lead rating unit, if an A.M. Best rating is available. Reinsurance recoverables are comprised of paid losses recoverable, outstanding losses recoverable, incurred but not reported losses recoverable, and ceded unearned premium. 

REINSURERS 
 
 A.M. Best Rating 
 
 Reinsurance Recoverable 

(in millions) 

HDI Group (Hannover Ruckversicherungs AG) 
 
 A+ 

177.6 

Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Transatlantic Reinsurance Co. and General Reinsurance Corp) 
 
 A++ 

127.5 

Lloyd's Syndicates 
 
 A 

110.7 

Swiss Re Ltd. 
 
 A+ 

88.4 

Toa Reinsurance Company Ltd. 
 
 A 

77.8 

Munich Reinsurance Companies 
 
 A+ 

71.7 

Societe De Groupe D' Assurance Mut Covea (Partner Reinsurance Company of the U.S.) 
 
 A+ 

41.3 

Axis Capital Holding Limited 
 
 A 

36.7 

Atlantic Gateway 
 
 (1) 

23.8 

Allianz SE 
 
 A+ 

22.0 

Subtotal 

777.5 

All other reinsurers 

293.5 

Residual markets, facilities, and pooling arrangements 

893.5 

Total 

1,964.5 

12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (1) No AM Best rating available. Reinsurance recoverable fully collateralized by assets in trust. 
 Reinsurance recoverable balances in the table above are shown before consideration of balances owed to reinsurers and any potential rights of offset, including collateral held by us, and are net of an allowance for uncollectible recoverables. Reinsurance treaties are generally purchased on an annual basis. Treaties typically contain provisions that allow us to demand that a reinsurer post letters of credit or assets as security if a reinsurer is an unauthorized reinsurer under applicable regulations or if its rating falls below a predetermined contractual level. In regards to reinsurance recoverables due from Lloyd s Syndicates, as part of the Lloyd s chain of security afforded to all of its policyholders, recourse is available through the Lloyd s Central Fund in the event of the failure of an individual syndicate and its capital providers. 
 Although reinsurance makes the reinsurer liable to us to the extent the risk is transferred or ceded to the reinsurer, ceded reinsurance arrangements do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims to our policyholders. Accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers. Specifically, our reinsurers may not pay claims made by us on a timely basis, or they may not pay some or all of these claims. In addition, from time to time, insurers and reinsurers may disagree on the scope of the reinsurance or on the underlying insured risks. Any of these events would increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We have established a reserve for uncollectible reinsurance of 7.9 million as of December 31, 2022, or 0.4 of the total reinsurance recoverable balance, which was determined by considering reinsurer specific default risk on paid and unpaid recoverables as indicated by their financial strength ratings, any ongoing solvency issues, any current risk of dispute on paid recoverables, and our past collection experience. There have been no significant balances determined to be uncollectible and thus no significant charges recorded during 2022 for uncollectible reinsurance recoverables. 
 Our exposure to credit risk from any one reinsurer is managed through diversification by reinsuring with a number of different reinsurers, principally in the United States and European reinsurance markets. When reinsurance for our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines segments is placed, our standards of acceptability generally require that a reinsurer must have a minimum policyholder surplus of 500 million, a rating from A.M. Best and/or S P Global of A or better, or an equivalent financial strength, if not rated. In addition, for lower rated or non-rated reinsurers, we customize collateral and restrict participation to effectively manage counterparty risk, with review and approval required by the counterparty credit committee. 
 REGULATION 
 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation in the states in which they transact business and are supervised by the individual state insurance departments. Numerous aspects of our business are subject to regulation, including premium rates, mandatory covered risks, limitations on the ability to cancel, non-renew, reject business or limit writings in certain geographic areas, prohibited exclusions, licensing and appointment or termination of agents, restrictions on the size of risks that may be insured under a single policy, reserves and provisions for unearned premiums, losses and other obligations, deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders, investments and capital, policy forms and coverages, advertising, claims handling, and other conduct, including restrictions on the use of credit information and other factors in underwriting, as well as other underwriting and claims practices. These restrictions limit the ability of insurers to underwrite or price policies on the basis of available third-party information (such as social media and big data. Insurers are also subject to state laws and regulations governing the protection of their data systems and the use and protection of personal information collected in the ordinary course of operations. States also regulate various aspects of the contractual relationships between insurers and independent agents. 
 Such laws, rules and regulations are usually overseen and enforced by the various state insurance departments, as well as through private rights of action and by state attorneys general. Such regulations or enforcement actions are often responsive to current consumer and political sensitivities, such as automobile and homeowners insurance rates and coverage forms, or which may arise after a major event. Such rules and regulations may result in rate suppression, limit our ability to manage our exposure to unprofitable or volatile risks, require expenditures to facilitate compliance, or lead to fines, premium refunds or other adverse consequences. The federal government also may regulate aspects of our businesses, such as the use of insurance (credit) scores or other information in underwriting and the protection of confidential information. 
 In addition, as a condition to writing business in certain states, insurers are required to participate in various pools or risk sharing mechanisms or to accept certain classes of risk, regardless of whether such risks meet their underwriting requirements for voluntary business. Some states also limit or impose restrictions on the ability of an insurer to withdraw from certain classes of business. For example, Massachusetts, New York and California each impose material restrictions on a company s ability to materially reduce its exposures or to withdraw from certain lines of business in their respective states. The state insurance departments can impose significant charges on an insurer in connection with a market withdrawal or refuse to approve withdrawal plans on the grounds that they could lead to market disruption. Laws and regulations that limit cancellation and non-renewal of policies or that subject withdrawal plans to prior approval requirements may significantly restrict our ability to exit unprofitable markets. Such actions and related regulatory restrictions may limit our ability to reduce our potential exposure to hurricane and other catastrophe-related losses. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The insurance laws of many states subject property and casualty insurers doing business in those states to statutory property and casualty guaranty fund assessments. The purpose of a guaranty fund is to protect policyholders by requiring that solvent property and casualty insurers pay the insurance claims of insolvent insurers. These guaranty associations generally pay these claims by assessing solvent insurers proportionately based on each insurer s share of voluntary premiums written in the state. While most guaranty associations provide for recovery of assessments through subsequent rate increases, surcharges or premium tax credits, there is no assurance that insurers will ultimately recover these assessments, which could be material, particularly following a large catastrophe or in markets which become disrupted. 
 We are subject to periodic financial and market conduct examinations conducted by state insurance departments. We are also required to file annual and other reports with state insurance departments relating to the financial condition of our insurance subsidiaries and other matters. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC and the Federal Insurance Office are each actively engaged in reviewing and considering proposed insurer risk-based capital standards, risk analysis, solvency assessments and other regulatory initiatives. 
 Other aspects of our business are subject to regulation as well. For example, Opus is subject to state and federal securities law, including regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), pertaining to the marketing and provision of institutional investment management services. 
 INVOLUNTARY RESIDUAL MARKETS 
 As noted above, as a condition of our license to write business in various states, we are required to participate in mandatory property and casualty residual market mechanisms which provide insurance coverages where such coverage may not otherwise be available or at rates deemed reasonable. Such mechanisms provide coverage primarily for personal and commercial property, personal and commercial automobile, and workers compensation, and include assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities and involuntary pools, joint underwriting associations, fair access to insurance requirements FAIR plans and commercial automobile insurance plans. 
 For example, since most states compel the purchase of a minimal level of automobile liability insurance, states have developed shared market mechanisms to provide the required coverages and in many cases, optional coverages, to those drivers who, because of their driving records or other factors, cannot find insurers who will insure them voluntarily. Also, FAIR plans and other similar property insurance shared market mechanisms increase the availability of property insurance in circumstances where homeowners are unable to obtain insurance at rates deemed reasonable, such as in coastal areas or in areas subject to other hazards. Licensed insurers writing business in such states are often required to pay assessments to cover reserve deficiencies generated by such plans. 
 With respect to FAIR plans and other similar property insurance shared market mechanisms that have significant exposures, it is difficult to accurately estimate our potential financial exposure for future events. Assessments following a large coastal event, particularly one affecting Massachusetts, Texas, North Carolina or New York, or a large wildfire event affecting California, could be material to our results of operations. Our participation in such shared markets or pooling mechanisms is generally proportional to our direct writings for the type of coverage written by the specific pooling mechanism in the applicable state or other jurisdiction. For example, we are subject to mandatory participation in the Michigan Assigned Claims MAC facility. MAC is an assigned claim plan covering people injured in uninsured motor vehicle accidents. Our participation in the MAC facility is based on our share of personal and commercial automobile direct written premium in the state and resulted in loss costs of 24.3 million in 2022. As a result of the aforementioned Michigan automobile reform that was effective July 2021, there is increased uncertainty regarding its impact on our future MAC facility loss costs. There were no other mandatory residual market mechanisms that were significant to our 2022 results of operations. 
 RESERVE FOR UNPAID LOSSES AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSES 
 Reference is made to Results of Operations Segments Reserve for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses of Management s Discussion and Analysis for discussion of prior year development. Additionally, information regarding loss and LAE reserve development appears in Note 14 Liabilities for Outstanding Claims, Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The following table reconciles reserves determined in accordance with accounting practices prescribed or permitted by insurance statutory authorities Statutory to reserves determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The primary difference between the Statutory reserves and our GAAP reserves is the requirement, on a GAAP basis, to present reinsurance recoverables as an asset, whereas Statutory guidance provides that reserves are reflected net of the corresponding reinsurance recoverables. We do not use discounting techniques in establishing GAAP reserves for property and casualty losses and LAE. 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 

Statutory reserve for losses and LAE 

5,371.0 

4,862.3 

4,490.4 

GAAP adjustments: 

Reinsurance recoverables on unpaid losses of our insurance subsidiaries 

1,748.6 

1,693.8 

1,641.6 

Statutory reserves for discontinued accident and health business 

(118.3) 

(117.9) 

(116.2) 

Other 

11.3 

9.4 

8.2 

GAAP reserve for losses and LAE 

7,012.6 

6,447.6 

6,024.0 

Reserves for discontinued accident and health business of our insurance subsidiaries are included in liabilities of discontinued operations for GAAP and loss and loss adjustment expenses for Statutory reporting. 
 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 Discontinued operations primarily include our former accident and health insurance business. This discontinued accident and health business includes interests in 22 accident and health reinsurance pools and arrangements that we retained subsequent to the sale of First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company FAFLIC in 2009. We ceased writing new premiums in this business in 1999, subject to certain contractual obligations. The reinsurance pool business consists primarily of long-term care, the medical and disability portions of workers compensation risks, assumed personal accident, individual medical, long-term disability, and special risk business. This business also includes residual health insurance policies. Total reserves for the assumed accident and health business were 119.1 million at December 31, 2022. The long-term care pool accounted for approximately 75 of these reserves as of December 31, 2022. Reserves for the long-term care pool, individual medical, and residual health insurance policies are discounted. Reserves for all other assumed accident and health business are undiscounted. Assets and liabilities related to the discontinued accident and health business are reflected as assets and liabilities of discontinued businesses. 
 Loss estimates associated with substantially all of the discontinued accident and health business are provided by managers of each pool. We adopt reserve estimates for this business that consider this information, expected returns on assets assigned to this business and other facts. We update these reserves as new information becomes available and further events occur that may affect the ultimate resolution of unsettled claims. Based on information provided to us by the pool managers, we believe the reserves recorded related to this business are adequate. However, since reserve and claim cost estimates related to the discontinued accident and health business are dependent on several assumptions, including, but not limited to, morbidity, lapses, future premium rates, future health care costs, persistency of medical care inflation and investment performance, and these assumptions can be impacted by technical developments and advancements in the medical field, medical and long-term care inflation and other factors, there can be no assurance that the reserves established for this business will prove sufficient. Revisions to these reserves could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular quarterly or annual period or on our financial position. See also Risk Factors in Part I Item 1A. 
 Our long-term care pool accounts for the majority of our remaining reinsurance pool business. The potential risk and exposure of our long-term care pool is based upon expected estimated claims and payment patterns, using assumptions for, among other things, morbidity, lapses, future premium rates, and the interest rate used for discounting the future projected cash flows, as well as regulatory developments affecting the ceding insurers. The long-term exposure of this pool depends upon how our actual experience compares with these future cash flow projection assumptions. 
 Also included in discontinued operations are our former life insurance and Chaucer businesses, which include activities that were not significant to our 2022 results. We retain indemnification obligations with respect to these businesses. 
 INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO 
 Our wholly owned subsidiary, Opus, is responsible for managing our investment portfolio. Opus directly manages our investment-grade fixed maturity portfolio and equity security portfolio, which together with cash, constituted approximately 87 of our total holdings at December 31, 2022. Opus is also responsible for the selection and monitoring of external asset managers for our commercial mortgage loan participations, limited partnership investments, high yield fixed maturity portfolio and leveraged loan holdings. We select and monitor external managers based on investment approach, track record of risk-adjusted returns and corporate governance. 
 Our investment strategy seeks to balance the goals of liquidity, capital preservation, net investment income stability and total return. The asset allocation process takes into consideration the profile and expected payout pattern of our liabilities, the level of capital required to support growth across lines of business and the risk profiles of a wide range of asset classes. 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The majority of our assets are invested in investment grade fixed income securities across various sectors including U.S. government, municipal, corporate, residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities. Our holdings are diversified within and across major investment and industry sectors to mitigate concentration risk. We monitor the credit quality of our investments and our exposure to individual markets, borrowers, industries, sectors and, in the case of commercial mortgage-backed securities and commercial mortgage loan participations, property types and geographic locations. We consider Environmental, Social and Governance ESG factors in our fundamental investment research process, because these important factors can influence the sustainability of an investment, and its risk and return profile. 
 Investments held by our regulated insurance subsidiaries are subject to state insurance statutes governing permitted investments. Investment considerations include asset/liability profile, including duration, convexity and other characteristics within specified risk tolerances. Our fixed maturity portfolio duration is approximately 4.3 years. We seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to support the cash flow requirements associated with our insurance and corporate liabilities by laddering the maturities within the portfolio, closely monitoring fixed maturity duration, and holding high-quality liquid public securities. 
 Reference is made to Investments in Management s Discussion and Analysis. 
 RATING AGENCIES 
 Insurance companies are rated by rating agencies to provide both industry participants and insurance consumers information on specific insurance companies. Higher ratings generally indicate the rating agencies opinion regarding financial stability and a stronger ability to pay claims. 
 We believe that strong ratings are important factors in marketing our products to our agents and customers, since rating information is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. Insurance company financial strength ratings are assigned to an insurer based upon factors deemed by the rating agencies to be relevant to policyholders and are not directed toward protection of investors. Such ratings are neither a rating of securities nor a recommendation to buy, hold or sell any security. Customers typically focus on claims-paying ratings, while creditors focus on debt ratings. Investors consider both rating types when evaluating a company s overall financial strength. 
 EMPLOYEES AND HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 4,600 employees, all of whom are located in the United States. We believe our relations with employees are positive, as evidenced by employee feedback received through employee surveys and other formal and informal channels. 
 To successfully operate our business, we rely on our corporate culture and on attracting, developing and retaining qualified employees to differentiate our company and deliver on our commitments to our independent agents, customers, investors and other stakeholders. The following is a description of the material human capital measures and objectives that management focuses on in managing the business with the oversight and support of our Board of Directors. 
 Inclusion, Diversity and Equity 
 We strive to foster an environment of inclusion, diversity and equity IDE that welcomes the unique perspectives, experiences and insights of individuals from all backgrounds and walks of life, because we believe that this will lead to greater engagement of our employees in pursuit of our business objectives. Our goal is to continue to develop an inclusive and diverse workforce that fosters equity, innovation, respect and collaboration. 
 Management has focused on IDE within our workforce by developing a multi-year educational program centered on inclusive leadership training and accountability that is designed to impact each of our employees, and by diversifying our talent sourcing practices to develop, advance and retain a diverse employee population. Additionally, we are investing in internal business resource groups to support our company s cultural values, drive our business initiatives forward, meet the needs of both internal and external stakeholders, and foster our commitment to build an inclusive and diverse work environment. Management s continued objectives in IDE include reinforcing inclusive behaviors at all levels of our organization, evaluating and mitigating bias in the talent lifecycle in an effort to enhance the recruiting, hiring, development and retention of women, people of color, and other underrepresented groups, and continuing to focus on our internal business resource groups to promote belonging, equity and the importance of allyship. 
 Accountability for IDE has been established by incorporating Board oversight of IDE, as part of our larger corporate culture, into the charter of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board of Directors CHCC and by including support of and progress on IDE initiatives as part of the incentive compensation evaluation process for our CEO and entire executive leadership team. 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Engagement and Alignment with Company Culture 
 We believe that an employee workforce that is engaged and aligned with our core cultural values of collaboration, accountability, respect and empowerment (our CARE values) is fundamental to delivering on our business commitments. Management focuses on maintaining an engaged workforce by providing transparent communications and soliciting employee feedback informally and through focus groups and employee surveys, including a comprehensive survey of our entire workforce conducted in 2021, with a second survey planned for later this year, by an independent third-party firm. To foster accountability, every employee, regardless of role, receives a formal evaluation and performance discussion annually, and the evaluation process is aligned to our CARE values and expected leadership behaviors. In addition, we expect that performance connections take place between manager and employee on an ongoing basis to consider goals, overall performance, development opportunities, and demonstration of leadership and corporate values. 
 Development and Succession Planning 
 We recognize the importance of employee development for our team members throughout their careers as an important driver of workforce engagement, retention, and succession planning. Management focuses on providing learning and development through multiple modalities, including utilizing a robust online learning management platform that accommodates various schedules and diverse learning styles, engaging in experiential learning through growth assignments and special projects, using virtual and classroom workshops, providing reimbursement for tuition and education-related fees (including professional and industry designations), and through the course of our goal-setting and performance evaluation process. 
 We are committed to identifying and investing in the development of our future leaders and accomplish this through formal talent review and succession planning processes that are aligned to standard leadership capabilities and our critical roles. Our development focus may include 360 feedback assessments, formal leadership development programs, executive coaching and experiential development opportunities for many employees. 
 Incentivized Workforce 
 The emphasis on our overall performance is intended to align the employee s financial interests with the interests of shareholders. Our compensation philosophy is based on a merit system where employees are paid for their performance and recognized for their talents and contributions. We are committed to fair and equitable total compensation that includes base pay and short- and long-term incentives that are competitive with others in our industry, while also promoting internal equity across our organization. We offer a 401(k) plan with a company matching contribution, flexible paid time off policies, an employee stock purchase program, retirement planning services, and health and wellness benefits described below, among other benefits. Most employees receive short-term incentive compensation based on annual goals with the funding and metrics approved by the CHCC. Additionally, our senior leaders receive long-term incentive compensation in the form of equity awards. 
 Employee Health and Wellness 
 Our benefits packages are designed to maintain the physical, financial, mental and social well-being of our employees, their families and dependents. We offer medical plan selections and other health and wellness offerings, including, among others, dental, vision and hearing health options, life and disability insurance, an employee assistance program, paid parental leave and family and medical leave, flexible work schedules and remote work arrangements, health advocacy services, adoption assistance benefit, and child care and elder care support. 
 We have transitioned to a fully hybrid work environment that provides flexibility based on business needs and that serves as a strong lever for employee engagement and retention. We have implemented measures intended to enhance operational efficiencies related to remote work such as investing in our technology and business continuity infrastructure. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Reference is made to Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance in Part III - Item 10. 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We file our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A, and other required information with the SEC. Shareholders may obtain reports, proxy and information statements, and other information with respect to our filings, at the SEC s website, https://www.sec.gov. 
 Our website address is https://www.hanover.com. We make available, free of charge, on or through our website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our Code of Conduct is also available, free of charge, on our website. Additionally, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee, Committee of Independent Directors, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, are available on our website. All documents are also available in print to any shareholder who requests them. Unless specifically incorporated by reference, information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 1A RI SK FACTORS 
 RISK FACTORS AND FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 The following important factors, among others, in some cases have affected, and in the future could affect, our actual results and could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results and from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made from time to time by us on the basis of our then-current expectations. The words believes, anticipates, expects, projections, outlook, should, could, plan, guidance, likely, on track to, targeted and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Our businesses are in rapidly changing and competitive markets, and involve a high degree of risk and unpredictability. Forward-looking projections are subject to these risks and unpredictability. 
 Risks Related to Underwriting, Risk Aggregation and Risk Management 
 Our results may fluctuate as a result of cyclical or non-cyclical changes in the property and casualty insurance industry. 
 The property and casualty insurance industry historically has been subject to significant fluctuations and uncertainties. Our profitability is materially affected by the following items: 
 increases in costs, particularly increases occurring after the time our insurance products are priced, including construction, automobile repair, and medical and rehabilitation costs. This includes inflation, rises in the cost of products due to disruptions in supply chains, tariffs or other factors and cost shifting from health insurers to casualty and liability insurers (whether as a result of injured parties without health insurance, coverage changes in health policies to make such coverage secondary to casualty policies, state or federal healthcare legislation, lower reimbursement rates by health insurers or government-sponsored insurance, or legislation and/or litigation related to the Medicare Secondary Payer Act, which may impose reporting, additional costs, and other requirements with respect to medical and related claims paid for Medicare eligible individuals). As it relates to construction, there are often increases in the cost of building supplies and construction labor after a significant event (for example, so called demand surge that causes the cost of labor, construction materials and other items to increase in a geographic area affected by a catastrophe). In addition, we are limited in our ability to negotiate and manage reimbursable expenses incurred by our policyholders; 

competitive and regulatory pressures, which affect the prices of our products and the nature of the risks covered; 

volatile and unpredictable developments, including severe weather, catastrophes, wildfires, infrastructure failure, civil unrest, pandemics and terrorist actions; 

legal, regulatory and socio-economic developments, such as new theories of insured and insurer liability and related claims and extra-contractual awards such as punitive damages, financed litigation, where a third party unrelated to a lawsuit provides capital to a plaintiff in return for a portion of any financial recovery from the lawsuit, and social inflation or other increases in the costs of litigation, size of jury awards or changes in applicable laws and regulations (such as changes in the thresholds affecting no fault liability or when non-economic damages are recoverable for bodily injury claims or coverage requirements) that impact our claim payouts; 

fluctuations in interest rates, as a result of a change in monetary policy or otherwise, inflationary pressures, default rates, commodity prices, and other factors that affect net income, including with respect to investment returns and operating results for certain of our lines of business; and 

other general economic conditions and trends that may affect the adequacy of reserves. 

18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The demand for property and casualty insurance can also vary significantly based on general economic conditions (either nationally or regionally), rising as the overall level of economic activity increases and falling as such activity decreases. Loss patterns also tend to vary inversely with local economic conditions, increasing during difficult or unstable economic times and moderating during economic upswings or periods of stability. The COVID-19 Pandemic introduced additional, persistent complexity to loss patterns. The fluctuations in demand and competition could produce unpredictable underwriting results. 
 Due to geographical concentration in our business, changes in economic, regulatory and other conditions in the regions where we operate could have a significant negative impact on our business as a whole. Geographic concentrations also expose us to losses that are potentially disproportionate to our market share in the event of natural or other catastrophes. 
 We generate a significant portion of our net premiums written and earnings in Michigan, Massachusetts and other states in the Northeast. In addition, a significant amount of Core Commercial and Specialty net written premium is generated in California and Texas. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 19.7 and 8.6 of our net premiums written in our business were generated in the states of Michigan and Massachusetts, respectively, and approximately 11.5 and 7.9 of our Core Commercial and approximately 12.6 and 9.7 of our Specialty net premiums written were generated in California and Texas, respectively. Many states in which we do business impose significant rate control and residual market charges and restrict an insurer s ability to exit such markets (for example, the Insurance Commissioner in California has taken steps to limit non-renewal of property policies in geographic areas prone to wildfires). The revenues and profitability of our insurance subsidiaries are subject to prevailing economic, regulatory, demographic and other conditions, including adverse weather. Because of our geographic concentration in certain regions, our business, as a whole, could be significantly affected by changes in the economic, regulatory and other conditions in such areas. 
 Further, certain new catastrophe models assume an increase in frequency and severity of certain weather or other events, such as fires, flooding from heavy precipitation and hurricanes, as a result of changing weather patterns and global climate change, or otherwise. Financial strength rating agencies emphasize capital and reinsurance adequacy for insurers with geographic concentrations of risk that may be subject to disproportionate risk of loss. These factors also may result in insurers seeking to diversify their geographic exposure, which could result in increased regulatory restrictions in those markets where insurers seek to exit or reduce coverage, as well as an increase in competitive pressures in less weather-exposed markets. 
 Our profitability may be adversely affected if our pricing models differ materially from actual results. 
 The profitability of our business depends on the extent to which our actual claims experience is consistent with the assumptions we use in pricing our policies. We price our business in a manner that is intended to be consistent, over time, with actual results and return objectives. Our estimates and models, and/or the assumptions behind them, may differ materially from actual results. Highly dynamic economic, social, regulatory or environmental conditions, in isolation or in combination, may impact the effectiveness of our pricing models. 
 If we fail to appropriately price the risks we insure, fail to change or are slow to change our pricing model to appropriately reflect our current experience, or if our claims experience is more frequent or severe than our underlying risk assumptions, our profit margins will be negatively affected. If we underestimate the frequency and/or severity of extreme adverse events, our financial condition may be adversely affected. If we overestimate the risks we are exposed to, we may overprice our products, and new business growth and retention of our existing business may be adversely affected. 
 Our business is dependent on our ability to manage risk, and the failure of the risk mitigation strategies we utilize could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business performance is highly dependent on our ability to manage operational risks arising from numerous day-to-day business activities, including insurance underwriting, claims processing, servicing, investment, financial and tax reporting, compliance with regulatory requirements and other activities. We utilize numerous strategies to mitigate our insurance risk exposure, including: underwriting; setting exposure limits, deductibles and exclusions to mitigate policy risk; updating and reviewing the terms and conditions of our policies; managing risk aggregation by product line, geography, industry type, credit exposure and other bases; and ceding insurance risk. We seek to monitor and control our exposure to risks arising out of these activities through an enterprise-wide risk management framework. However, there are inherent limitations in each of these tactics, and no assurance can be given that these processes and procedures will effectively control all known risks or effectively identify unforeseen risks, or that an event or series of events will not result in loss levels in excess of our probable maximum loss models, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. It is also possible that losses could manifest themselves in ways that we do not anticipate and that our risk mitigation strategies are not designed to address. Such a manifestation of losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. These risks may be heightened during times of challenging macroeconomic or sociopolitical conditions, such as a recession. 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Reserves and Claims 
 Actual losses from claims against our insurance subsidiaries may exceed their reserves for claims. 
 We maintain reserves to cover the estimated ultimate liability for losses and loss adjustment expenses with respect to reported and unreported claims incurred as of the end of each accounting period. Reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability. Rather, reserves represent estimates, involving actuarial projections and judgments at a given time, of what we expect the ultimate settlement and administration of incurred claims will cost based on facts and circumstances then known, predictions of future events, estimates of future trends in claims frequency and severity and judicial theories of liability, costs of repair and replacement, legislative activity and myriad other factors. 
 The inherent uncertainties of estimating reserves are greater for certain types of insurance lines, particularly liability lines. These include automobile bodily injury liability, automobile personal injury protection, general liability, and workers compensation, where a longer period of time may elapse before a definitive determination of ultimate liability may be made (sometimes referred to as long-tail business), environmental liability, where the technological, judicial and political climates involving these types of claims are continuously evolving, and casualty coverages such as professional liability. The emergence of the Pandemic in 2020 resulted in an increased level of uncertainty for many lines of business, particularly our long-tailed lines. There is also greater uncertainty in establishing reserves with respect to new business, particularly new business that is generated with respect to newer product lines, such as our cyber-risk lines and specialty general liability product, by newly appointed agents, or in new geographies where we have less experience in conducting business. In these cases, there is less historical experience or knowledge and less data that the actuaries can rely on. A combination of business that is both new to us and has longer development periods, provides even greater uncertainty in estimating insurance reserves. 
 In several Specialty lines, we are modestly increasing, and expect to continue to increase, our exposure to longer-tailed liability lines. In addition, we have experienced extensions of the tails in certain lines of business as the full value of claims are presented later than had been our historical experience. The broad impact of the Pandemic on the claims environment has extended these tails even further. Also, presumptive orders by state authorities have potentially increased workers compensation exposures beyond contractual obligations. Additionally, shifts in claim settlement patterns due to delayed court proceedings and other issues, contribute to the extension of tails, increased loss costs and greater uncertainty in reserve estimates. 
 Estimating reserves is further complicated by unexpected claims or unintended coverages that emerge due to changing conditions. These emerging issues may increase the size or number of claims beyond our underwriting intent and may not become apparent for many years after a policy is issued, such as was the case for the industry with respect to environmental, asbestos, and certain product liability claims. Similar concerns have emerged with what has been called silent cyber, or claims arising for cyber losses under traditional policies where such coverage is not intended or contemplated. These losses appear through prior year reserve development. Although we undertake underwriting actions that are designed to limit losses once emerging issues are identified, we remain subject to losses on policies issued during those years preceding the underwriting actions. 
 Additionally, the introduction of new Core Commercial products and the development of new niche and Specialty lines present new risks. Certain Specialty products, such as the human services program, non-profit directors and officers liability and employment practices liability policies, lawyers and other professional liability policies, healthcare lines and directors and officers coverage may also require a longer period of time (the so-called tail to determine the ultimate liability associated with the claims and may produce more volatility in our results and less certainty in our accident year reserves. Some lines of business, such as surety, are less susceptible to establishing reserves based on actuarial or historical experience, and losses may be episodic, depending on economic and other factors. Changes in laws, such as so-called reviver statutes that retrospectively change the statutes of limitations for certain claims, such as sexual molestation claims, add further uncertainty to the adequacy of prior estimates. 
 Underwriting results and operating income could be adversely affected by further changes in our net loss and LAE estimates related to significant events or emerging risks, such as risks related to attacks on or breaches of cloud-based data information storage or computer network systems cyber-risks ), privacy compliance, or disruptions caused by major power grid failures or widespread electrical and electronic equipment failure due to aging infrastructure, natural factors like hurricanes, earthquakes, wildfires, solar flares and pandemic or societal factors, like terrorism and civil unrest. 
 Estimating losses following any major catastrophe, or with respect to emerging claims, is an inherently uncertain process. Factors that add to the complexity of estimating losses from these events include legal and regulatory uncertainty, the complexity of factors contributing to the losses, delays in claim reporting, and with respect to areas with significant property damage, the impact of demand surge and a slower pace of recovery resulting from the extent of damage sustained in the affected areas due, in part, to the availability and cost of resources to effect repairs. Emerging claims issues may involve complex coverage, liability and other costs that could significantly affect LAE. As a result, there can be no assurance that our ultimate costs associated with these events will not be substantially different from current estimates (for example, actual losses arising from an event could have varied widely depending on the interpretation of various policy provisions). Investors should consider the risks and uncertainties in our business that may affect net loss and LAE reserve estimates and future performance, including the difficulties in arriving at such estimates. 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Anticipated losses associated with business interruption exposure, the impact of wind versus water as the cause of loss, disputes over the extent of damage caused by hailstorms (particularly with respect to roof damage claims), supplemental payments on previously closed claims caused by the development of latent damages or new theories of liability, regulatory impacts and inflationary pressures leading to claims cost escalation could also have a negative impact on future loss reserve development. Many states permit insureds to simply sign-over their claims to contractors or others (so-called assignment of benefits ), which frequently generate higher claim demands. 
 Because of the inherent uncertainties involved in setting reserves and establishing current and prior-year loss picks, including those related to catastrophes, we cannot provide assurance that the existing reserves or future reserves established by our insurance subsidiaries will prove adequate in light of subsequent events. Our results of operations and financial condition have in the past been, and in the future could be, materially affected by adverse loss development for events that we insured in prior periods. 
 Risks Related to Weather Events, Catastrophes and Climate Change 
 Limitations on the ability to predict the potential impact of weather events and catastrophes may impact our future profits and cash flows. 
 Our business is subject to claims arising out of catastrophes that may have a significant impact on our results of operations and financial condition. We have experienced, and in the future will experience catastrophe losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, wind, hail, fires, drought, severe winter weather, volcanic eruptions, tropical storms, tsunamis, sabotage, civil unrest, terrorist actions, explosions, nuclear accidents, solar flares, and power outages, which could be exacerbated by infrastructure failures. The frequency and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable. 
 The extent of gross losses from a catastrophe is a function of the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. The extent of net losses depends on the applicability, amount and collectability of reinsurance. 
 Additionally, the severity of certain catastrophes could be so significant that it restricts the ability of certain locations to recover their economic viability in the near term. Repeated catastrophes, or the threat of catastrophes, could undermine the long-term economic viability of certain locations like coastal or wildfire-exposed communities, which could have a significant negative impact on our business. 
 Although catastrophes can cause losses in a variety of property and casualty lines, homeowners and commercial multiple peril property insurance have, in the past, generated the vast majority of our catastrophe-related claims. Our catastrophe losses have historically been principally weather-related, particularly from hurricanes and hail damage, as well as snow and ice damage from winter storms. 
 Although the insurance industry and rating agencies have developed various models intended to help estimate potential insured losses under thousands of scenarios, there is no reliable way of predicting the probability of such events or the magnitude of such losses before a specific event occurs. We utilize various models and other techniques in an attempt to measure and manage potential catastrophe losses within various income and capital risk appetites. However, such models and techniques have many limitations, and changes in climate conditions may also cause our historical underlying modeling data to not adequately reflect the frequency and severity of weather-related events in the future, limiting our ability to effectively evaluate and manage risks of catastrophes and severe weather events. In addition, due to historical concentrations of business, regulatory restrictions and other factors, our ability to manage such concentrations is limited, particularly in the Northeast, and in the state of Michigan. 
 We purchase catastrophe reinsurance as protection against catastrophe losses. Reinsurance is subject to the adequacy and counterparty reinsurance risks described below. Should we experience losses from one significant or several large catastrophes, there can be no assurance that our reinsurance program will provide adequate coverage levels. 
 Climate change may adversely impact our results of operations and/or our financial position. 
 Global climate change from rising planet temperatures over the last several decades has been linked to a number of factors that contribute to the increased unpredictability, frequency, duration and severity of weather events, including: changing weather patterns, a rise in ocean temperatures, and sea level rise. Further increases or persistence in these conditions could lead to higher overall losses, which we may not be able to recoup, particularly in a highly regulated and competitive environment, and higher reinsurance costs. Certain catastrophe models assume an increase in frequency and severity of certain weather or other events, which could result in a disproportionate impact on insurers with certain geographic concentrations of risk. This would also likely increase the risks of writing property insurance in coastal areas or areas susceptible to wildfires or flooding, particularly in jurisdictions that restrict pricing and underwriting flexibility. The threat of rising seas or other catastrophe losses as a result of global climate change may also cause property values in coastal or such other communities to decrease, reducing the total amount of insurance coverage that is required. 
 In addition, global climate change and global climate change-driven systemic transitions could lead to new or enhanced regulation, which may be difficult or costly with which to comply, or impact assets in which we invest, and may result in realized and unrealized losses in future periods that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and/or financial position. It is not possible to foresee the impacts of potential future climate regulation, or which, if any, assets, industries or markets may be materially and adversely affected by global climate change and global climate change-driven systemic transitions, nor is it possible to foresee the magnitude of such effects. 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Reinsurance 
 We cannot guarantee the adequacy of or ability to maintain our current level of reinsurance coverage. 
 Like insurance companies, reinsurance companies can also be adversely impacted by catastrophes. In setting our retention levels and coverage limits, we consider our level of statutory surplus and exposures, as well as the current reinsurance pricing environment and available capacity, but there can be no assurance that we adequately set these levels or limits or that we will be able to maintain our current or desired levels of reinsurance coverage. In particular, and as discussed under Reinsurance Program Overview in Information About Operating Segments - Reinsurance, not all of our 2023 reinsurance programs for the Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines are fully placed. Reinsurance is a significant factor in our overall cost of providing primary insurance. However, unlike primary insurers, reinsurers are not subject to rate or other restrictions requiring them to continue availability of reinsurance or limiting cost increases or mandating coverage forms. An individual insurer s reinsurance expense is correlated to the level of losses experienced by its reinsurers. Future catastrophic events and other changes in the reinsurance marketplace, including as a result of investment losses or disruptions due to challenges in the financial markets that have occurred or could occur in the future, may adversely affect our ability to obtain such coverages, as well as adversely affect the cost of obtaining that coverage. 
 Additionally, the availability, scope of coverage, cost, and creditworthiness of reinsurance could continue to be adversely affected by new or more frequent catastrophes, terrorist attacks, cyber-risks, and the perceived risks associated with future terrorist activities, global conflicts, including the threat of nuclear conflict, and the changing legal and regulatory environment (including changes that could create new insured risks). Federal reinsurance for terrorism risks coverage offered by insurers is available under the federal terrorism risk insurance program, but it only applies to certified events of terrorism (as defined in the legislation) and contains certain caps and deductibles. Although the federal terrorism risk insurance program coverage is in effect through December 31, 2027, if this program is modified unfavorably by the government in the future, then private reinsurance for events of terrorism may not be available to us or available at reasonable or acceptable rates. 
 Although we monitor their financial soundness, we cannot be sure that our reinsurers will pay in a timely fashion, if at all. 
 We purchase reinsurance by transferring (known as ceding) part of the risk that we have assumed to reinsurance companies in exchange for part of the premium we receive in connection with the risk. As of December 31, 2022, our reinsurance receivable (including from the MCCA) amounted to approximately 2.0 billion. Although reinsurance makes the reinsurer liable to us to the extent the risk is transferred or ceded to the reinsurer, it does not relieve us (the reinsured) of our liability to our policyholders. Accordingly, we bear counterparty risk with respect to our reinsurers, including risks resulting from over-concentration of exposures within the industry. Although we monitor our reinsurers and their financial condition, we cannot be sure that they will pay the reinsurance recoverables owed to us currently or in the future or that they will pay such recoverables on a timely basis. The contractual obligations under reinsurance agreements are typically with individual subsidiaries of the reinsurance group and are not typically guaranteed by other group members. In certain circumstances, with unauthorized reinsurers or those with lower financial strength ratings, we may require collateral equal to 100 of estimated reinsurance recoverables. The collateral can serve to mitigate credit risk. In the event of losses, we may look to draw down on this collateral to satisfy reinsurance recoveries due to us, but if the collateral held is insufficient to meet those recoveries, we will be exposed to losses. 
 Risks Related to Regulation, Mandatory Market Mechanisms and Mandatory Assessments 
 Our businesses are heavily regulated, and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability. 
 Our insurance businesses are subject to supervision and regulation by the state insurance authority in each state where we transact business. This system of supervision and regulation relates to numerous aspects of an insurance company s business and financial condition, including limitations on the authorization of lines of business, underwriting limitations, the ability to utilize credit-based insurance scores, gender, geographic location, information publicly available (such as on social media), education, occupation, income or other factors in underwriting, the ability to terminate agents, supervisory and liability responsibilities for agents, the setting of premium rates, the requirement to write certain classes of business that we might otherwise avoid or charge different premium rates, restrictions on the ability to withdraw from certain lines of business or terminate policies or classes of policyholders, the establishment of standards of solvency, the licensing of insurers and agents, compensation of and contractual arrangements with independent agents, concentration of investments, levels of reserves, the payment of dividends, transactions with affiliates, changes of control, protection of private information of our agents, policyholders, claimants and others (which may include highly sensitive financial or medical information or other private information such as social security numbers, driving records or driver s license numbers) and the approval of policy forms. From time to time, various states and Congress have proposed to prohibit or otherwise restrict the use of credit-based insurance scores or other risk-based pricing factors in underwriting or rating our Personal Lines business. The elimination of the use of risk-based pricing factors could cause significant disruption to our business and our confidence in our pricing and underwriting. Most insurance regulations are designed to protect the interests of policyholders rather than stockholders and other investors. 
 Legislative and regulatory restrictions are constantly evolving and are subject to then-current political pressures. For example, following major events, states have considered, and in some cases adopted, proposals such as homeowners Bill of Rights, restrictions on storm deductibles, additional mandatory claim handling guidelines and mandatory coverages. More recently, the California Insurance 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Commissioner restricted the ability of carriers to non-renew certain coverages in wildfire disaster areas, and the New York Department of Financial Services and regulatory agencies in other states have enacted comprehensive cybersecurity regulations and required insurers to take steps related to global climate change. 
 Also, the federal Medicare, Medicaid and State Children s Health Insurance Program Extension Act mandates reporting and other requirements applicable to property and casualty insurance companies that make payments to or on behalf of claimants who are eligible for Medicare benefits. These requirements have made bodily injury claim resolutions more difficult, particularly for complex matters or for injuries requiring treatment over an extended period, and they impose significant penalties for non-compliance and reporting errors. These requirements also have increased the circumstances under which the federal government may seek to recover from insurers amounts paid to claimants in circumstances where the government had previously paid benefits. 
 State regulatory oversight and various proposals at the federal level, through the Federal Insurance Office or other agencies, may, in the future, adversely affect our ability to sustain adequate returns in certain lines of business or in some cases, operate lines profitably. In recent years, the state insurance regulatory framework has come under increased federal scrutiny, and certain state legislatures have considered or enacted laws that alter and, in many cases, increase state authority to regulate insurance companies and insurance holding company systems. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by adverse state and federal legislation or regulation, or judicial developments, including those resulting in: decreases in rates, including for example, recent regulatory or bureau actions to mandate reduced premiums for workers compensation insurance; limitations on premium levels or limitations that inhibit our ability to secure timely approvals of rate filings; coverage and benefit mandates; limitations on the ability to manage care and utilization or other claim costs; requirements to write certain classes of business or in certain geographies; restrictions on underwriting, methods of compensating independent producers, or our ability to cancel or renew certain business (which negatively affects our ability to reduce concentrations of property risks); higher liability exposures for our insureds; increased assessments or higher premium or other taxes; and enhanced ability to pierce no fault thresholds, recover non-economic damages (such as pain and suffering ), or pierce policy limits. 
 These regulations serve to protect customers and other third parties and are often heavily influenced by the then-current political environment. If we are found to have violated an applicable regulation, administrative or judicial proceedings may be initiated against us that could result in censures, fines, civil penalties (including punitive damages), the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, premium refunds or the reopening of closed claim files, among other consequences. These actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 In addition, we are reliant upon independent agents and brokers to market our products. Changes in regulations related to insurance agents and brokers that materially impact the profitability of the agent and broker business or that restrict the ability of agents and brokers to market and sell insurance products would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Further, as we continue to expand our business into new regions, either organically or through acquisition, we become subject to the regulations and different regulatory bodies governing such business in those locales. 
 From time to time, we are also involved in investigations and proceedings by federal, state, and other governmental and self-regulatory agencies. We cannot provide assurance that these investigations, proceedings and inquiries will not result in actions that would adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 We are subject to uncertainties related to Michigan PIP Reform. 
 Starting in 1973, the state of Michigan required all personal and commercial automobile polices issued in the state to include no-fault personal injury protection PIP coverage without a cap on maximum benefits allowed (i.e., unlimited PIP benefits ). Insurers were required to retain a portion of the risk and the MCCA, a legislatively-created reinsurance mechanism, reinsures the portion of the risk in excess of the insurer s mandated retention. The mandatory retention amount increases biennially at a statutory mandated rate and is currently 600,000. Premiums on Michigan automobile policies include a charge for both the insurer s retained amount and a separately identified pass-through charge determined by the MCCA. 
 In response to concerns about the overall cost and affordability of automobile insurance in Michigan, the state enacted legislation in June 2019 that significantly changed no-fault and PIP systems. The legislation, effective July 2, 2020, eliminated the requirement that all insureds purchase unlimited PIP coverage and substituted instead tiered limits, ranging from zero (for those with certain health benefits meeting specified criteria) to unlimited benefits. In contrast, the minimum amounts of bodily injury coverage drivers are required to purchase increased, and we anticipate an increase in tort liability and related litigation from these changes. The legislation includes underwriting and other restrictions and mandates, in addition to subjecting rates, forms and rules to prior approval from the Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services Michigan Insurance Department before implementation. 
 The legislation also imposes various cost controls, including medical fee schedules based on a multiple of Medicare reimbursement rates, and mandated PIP premium rate reductions with an eight-year premium rate freeze for the PIP component of automobile policies. The Michigan Insurance Department also enacted regulations to establish statutorily required utilization controls. The rate freeze was effective contemporaneously with the adoption of the legislation and the mandatory rate reduction was effective July 2, 2020, and the expense and utilization controls went into effect on July 1, 2021. 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 In most years, MCCA operates with a deficit, which may fluctuate significantly based on investment returns, discount rates, incurred claims, annual assessments and other factors, although historically its annual operations have been cash flow positive. As of December 31, 2022, our estimated reinsurance recoverable from the MCCA was 883.0 million. This estimate is subject to change and will be revised further as the actual impacts of these cost saving measures emerge in the future, or in the event recent legal challenges to the reform ultimately prevail. 
 Many medical and other providers who receive reimbursement under the PIP system strenuously objected to the fee schedules, cost controls and utilization restrictions imposed by the new legislation. Since the reform legislation was adopted, we have experienced an increase in litigation from medical and other providers demanding higher reimbursements under the current system, and that litigation could increase depending on the outcome of the ongoing legal challenges. On October 3, 2019, litigation captioned Andary et. al. v. USAA Casualty Insurance Company and Citizens Insurance Company of America (a subsidiary of THG), Circuit Court for the County of Ingham, Michigan Case 19-738-CZ, was filed. The plaintiffs seek a declaratory judgment that the fee schedules, attendant care reimbursement limits, cost controls and utilization review provisions of the new legislation violate multiple provisions of the Michigan state constitution. We continue to vigorously contest plaintiffs claims. 
 For the year ending December 31, 2022, Michigan personal automobile insurance represented approximately 45 of our total personal automobile net premiums written. PIP net written premium (which does not include the MCCA pass-through assessment) represents approximately 24 of those Michigan personal automobile premiums. It is not clear at this time whether projected savings from the various cost control measures, assuming they remain in effect, will be commensurate with the required PIP reductions and rate controls. Accordingly, there is increased uncertainty attributable to these changes regarding the future performance of our Michigan personal automobile lines. 
 We may incur financial losses resulting from our participation in shared market mechanisms, mandatory reinsurance programs and mandatory and voluntary pooling arrangements. 
 In most of the jurisdictions that we operate in, our insurance subsidiaries are required to participate in mandatory property and casualty shared market mechanisms, government-sponsored reinsurance programs or pooling arrangements. These arrangements are designed to provide various insurance coverages to individuals or other entities that are otherwise unable to purchase such coverage or to support the costs of uninsured motorist claims in a particular state or region. We cannot predict whether our participation in these shared market mechanisms or pooling arrangements will provide underwriting profits or losses to us. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 our participation in these mechanisms and pooling arrangements was not significant to our underwriting results. However, our results of operations could be adversely affected in the future . 
 Additionally, increases in the number of participants or insureds in state-sponsored reinsurance pools, FAIR plans or other residual market mechanisms, particularly in the states of Massachusetts, Texas, California, New York, or North Carolina, combined with regulatory restrictions on the ability to adequately price, underwrite, or non-renew business, as well as new legislation, or changes in existing case law, could expose us to significant risks of increased assessments from these residual market mechanisms. There could also be a significant adverse impact as a result of losses incurred in those states due to hurricane or other high loss exposures, as well as the declining number of carriers providing coverage in those regions. We are unable to predict the likelihood or impact of such potential assessments or other actions. 
 We also have credit risk associated with certain mandatory reinsurance programs, such as the MCCA. See We are subject to uncertainties related to Michigan PIP Reform, above for more information on the MCCA. 
 In addition, we may be adversely affected by liabilities resulting from our previous participation in certain voluntary property and casualty assumed reinsurance pools. We have terminated our participation in virtually all property and casualty voluntary pools, but we remain subject to claims related to the periods when we participated. The property and casualty industry s assumed reinsurance businesses have suffered substantial losses during the past several years, particularly related to environmental and asbestos exposure for property and casualty coverages, in some cases resulting from incidents alleged to have occurred decades ago. Due to the inherent volatility in these businesses, possible issues related to the enforceability of reinsurance treaties in the industry and the continuing history of increased losses, we cannot provide assurance that our current reserves are adequate or that we will not incur losses in the future. Our operating results and financial position may be adversely affected by liabilities resulting from any such claims in excess of our loss estimates. As of December 31, 2022, our gross reserves totaled 38.9 million for these legacy voluntary property and casualty assumed reinsurance pools, with the largest being the Excess Casualty Reinsurance Association ECRA pool. During 2021, we entered into a reinsurance agreement whereby we agreed to cede 100 of the ECRA business to a third-party reinsurer. The ECRA business represents approximately 88 of our 2022 gross reserves for these legacy voluntary pools. 
 We are subject to mandatory assessments by state guaranty funds; an increase in these assessments could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 All fifty U.S. states and the District of Columbia have insurance guaranty fund laws requiring property and casualty insurance companies doing business within the state to participate in guaranty associations. These associations are organized to pay contractual obligations under insurance policies issued by impaired or insolvent insurance companies. The associations levy assessments, up to prescribed 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 limits, on all member insurers in a particular state based on the proportionate share of the premiums written by member insurers in the lines of business that the impaired or insolvent insurer is engaged in. Although mandatory assessments by state guaranty funds that are used to cover losses to policyholders of insolvent or rehabilitated companies can be substantially recovered over time through policyholder surcharges or a reduction in future premium taxes in many states (provided the collecting insurer continues to write business in such state), there can be no assurance that all funds will be recoupable in the future. During 2022, we had a total assessment of 4.1 million levied against us, with refunds of 1.6 million received in 2022, for a total net assessment of 2.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 0.3 million of reserves related to guaranty fund assessments. In the future, these assessments may increase above levels experienced in prior years. Future increases in these assessments depend upon the rate of insolvencies of insurance companies. 
 We are subject to litigation risks, including risks relating to the application and interpretation of contracts, and adverse outcomes in litigation and legal proceedings could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to litigation risks, including risks relating to the application and interpretation of insurance and reinsurance contracts and our handling of claim matters (which can lead to bad faith and other forms of extra-contractual liability), and are routinely involved in litigation that challenges specific terms and language incorporated into property and casualty contracts, such as claims reimbursements, covered perils and exclusion clauses, among others, or the interpretation or administration of such contracts, including with respect to Pandemic-related litigation. We are also involved in legal actions that do not arise in the ordinary course of business, some of which assert claims for substantial amounts. Adverse outcomes could materially affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Agency Distribution and Growth Strategies 
 Our profitability could be adversely affected by our relationships with our agencies. 
 Substantially all of our products are distributed through independent agents and brokers who have the principal relationships with policyholders. Agents and brokers generally own the renewal rights, and thus our business model is dependent on our relationships with, and the success of, the agents and brokers with whom we do business. 
 We periodically review the agencies, including managing general agencies, with whom we do business to identify those that do not meet our profitability standards or are not aligned with our business objectives. Following these periodic reviews, we may restrict such agencies access to certain types of policies or terminate our relationship with them, subject to applicable contractual and regulatory requirements that limit our ability to terminate agents or require us to renew policies. Even through the utilization of these measures, we may not achieve the desired results. 
 Because we rely on independent agents as our sales channel, any deterioration in the relationships with our independent agents or failure to provide competitive compensation to our independent agents could lead agents to place more premium with other carriers and less premium with us. In addition, we could be adversely affected if the agencies with whom we do business, including managing general agencies, exceed the authority that we have given them, fail to transfer collected premium to us or breach the obligations that they owe to us. Although we routinely monitor our agency relationships, such actions could expose us to liability. 
 Also, if agency consolidation continues at its current pace or increases in the future and more agencies are consolidated into larger agencies or managing general agencies, our sales channel could be materially affected in a number of ways, including loss of market access or market share in certain geographic areas if an acquirer is not one of our appointed agencies, loss of agency talent as the people most knowledgeable about our products and with whom we have developed strong working relationships exit the business following a disposition of an agency, increases in our commission costs as larger agencies acquire more negotiating leverage over their fees, and interference with the core agency business of selling insurance due to integration or distraction. Any such disruption that materially affects our sales channel could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 As the speed of digitization accelerates, we are subject to risks associated with both our agents and our ability to keep pace. In an increasingly digital world, agents who cannot provide a digital or technology-driven experience risk losing customers who demand such an experience, and such customers may choose to utilize more technology-driven agents or abandon the independent agency channel altogether. Additionally, if we are not able to keep pace with competitors digital offerings, we may not be able to meet the demand from our agents or their customers, which could lead to a loss of customers, agents or both. 
 We may not be able to grow as quickly or as profitably as we intend, which is important to our current strategy. 
 Over the past several years, we have made, and our current plans are to continue to make, significant investments in our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines of businesses, in order to, among other things, strengthen our product offerings and service capabilities, expand into new geographic areas, improve technology and our operating models, build expertise in our personnel, and expand our distribution capabilities, with the ultimate goal of achieving significant, sustained growth. The ability to achieve significant profitable premium growth in order to earn adequate returns on such investments and expenses, and to grow further without proportionate increases in expenses, is an important part of our current strategy. There can be no assurance that we will be successful at profitably growing our business, or that we will not alter our current strategy due to changes in our markets, economic conditions or an inability to successfully maintain acceptable margins on new or existing business or for other reasons, including general economic conditions, because of the Pandemic or otherwise, in which case premiums written and earned, operating income and net book value could be adversely affected. 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We may be affected by disruptions caused by the introduction of new products, related technology changes, and new operating models in our Core Commercial, Specialty, and Personal Lines businesses, and future acquisitions, and expansion into new geographic areas. 
 There are increased underwriting risks associated with premium growth and the introduction of new products or programs in our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines businesses. Additionally, there are increased underwriting risks associated with the appointment of new agencies and managing general agencies and with the expansion into new geographical areas. 
 The introduction of new Core Commercial products and the development of new niche and specialty lines presents new risks. Certain new Specialty products may present longer tail risks and increased volatility in profitability. Our expansion into new jurisdictions presents additional underwriting risks since the regulatory, geographic, natural risk, legal environment, demographic, business, economic and other characteristics of these states present different challenges from those in the states where we historically have conducted business. In addition, our agency relationships in these new geographies are not as developed. 
 Our Personal Lines production and earnings may be unfavorably affected by the continued introduction of new products, expanded risk appetites and our focus on account business (i.e., policyholders who have both automobile and homeowner insurance with us) that we believe, despite pricing discounts, will ultimately be more profitable business. We may also experience adverse selection, which occurs when insureds purchase our products because of underpricing, operational difficulties or implementation impediments with independent agents or the inability to grow new markets after the introduction of new products or the appointment of new agents. 
 As we enter new states or regions or grow our business, there can be no assurance that we will not experience higher loss trends than anticipated. 
 Risks Related to Technology, Data Security and Privacy 
 We may experience difficulties with technology, implementing new technologies, data security and/or outsourcing relationships, which could have a negative impact on our ability to conduct our business. 
 We use computer systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer and company data and information. Our computer, information technology and telecommunications systems, in turn, interface with and rely upon third-party systems, including cloud-based data storage. Our business is highly dependent on our ability and the ability of certain third parties, to access these systems to perform necessary business functions, including, without limitation, providing insurance quotes, processing premium payments, making changes to existing policies, filing and paying claims, providing customer support and managing investment portfolios. Systems attacks, failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers. In the event of a disaster such as a natural catastrophe, epidemic or pandemic, an industrial accident, a blackout, a computer virus, a cybersecurity attack or intrusion, a terrorist attack or war, or interference from solar flares, our systems or the external systems that we rely on may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time. Even if our employees are able to report to work, they may be unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time if our data or the systems that we rely on are disabled or destroyed or if our disaster recovery plans are inadequate or suffer from unforeseen consequences. These same risks are ones that our critical third-party vendors may face, and if those vendors are adversely impacted, then our operations could be harmed. This could result in a materially adverse effect on our business results and liquidity. 
 We increasingly rely on technological and data-driven solutions to operate our business. If we are slow to adapt to, roll out or implement new technologies, particularly those systems, platforms and applications that leverage data and analytics capabilities, it could materially affect our ability to meet the expectations of our customers or compete with more technologically adept competitors, particularly those with greater resources to devote to new technologies or technological enhancements. 
 In addition, we may increase our reliance upon third-party vendors to access data or to provide or support technology, data storage and business process functions in the future. If we do not effectively develop, implement and monitor our outsourcing and third-party risk management strategies, third-party providers do not perform as anticipated, or we or they experience technological or other problems with a migration or in operations, we may not realize productivity improvements or cost efficiencies and may experience operational difficulties, liabilities for breaches of confidential information, increased costs and a loss of business. Our outsourcing of certain technology, data storage and business process functions to third parties may expose us to enhanced risk related to data security, which could result in monetary and reputational damages. In addition, our ability to receive services from third-party providers outside of the United States might be impacted by global differences in social and cultural expectations, political instability, or substantially different, conflicting or onerous regulatory requirements or policies, which could impact our operational effectiveness. As a result, our ability to conduct our business might be adversely affected. 
 Data security incidents, including, but not limited to, those resulting from a malicious cybersecurity attack on us or our business partners and service providers, or intrusions into our systems or data sources could disrupt or otherwise negatively impact our business. 
 Our systems and the systems that we rely on, like others in the financial services industry, are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, and we are subject to disruption and other adverse effects caused by such activities. Large corporations such as ours are subject to daily attacks 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 on their systems and other vulnerabilities to data security incidents. These attacks and incidents have included, or may in the future include: unauthorized access, viruses, malware or other malicious code, ransomware, deceptive social engineering campaigns (also known as phishing or spoofing ), loss or theft of assets, employee errors or malfeasance, third-party errors or malfeasance, as well as system failures and other security events. Threat actors who design and commit such attacks may have various goals, from seeking confidential information or the misdirection of payments, to holding systems for ransom, or causing operational disruption. The effects of these activities could result in material disruptions to our operations, financial loss or material damage to our reputation. Like other companies, we have from time to time experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, security events and data intrusion, and while none of these events to date have had a material adverse effect on our business, no assurances can be made that such attacks or security events will not have a material adverse effect on our business in the future. As the breadth, frequency, and complexity of cybersecurity attacks and other data security events become more prevalent and the methods used to perpetrate them evolve, we may be required to devote additional personnel, or financial or systems resources, to protect our Company and invest in additional resources to support our data security program. From time to time we have had to, and in the future we may need to, increase or expend resources to investigate or remediate vulnerabilities as a result of data security incidents. Such resources are costly in time and expense, and detract from resources spent on or are otherwise devoted to our core operations. In addition, depending on the nature of an incident, we may not be able to detect an incident readily, assess its severity or impact, or appropriately respond in a timely manner, which could increase our risk and exposures. 
 The third parties with whom we work are also subject to these same risks, and we are vulnerable if a cybersecurity attack or other data security incident impacts a third-party vendor or service provider. Such an event could threaten to disrupt our business if the third party s operations are compromised, or provide attackers an opportunity to exploit that compromise to pivot and attack our systems through the technical and operational relationships that we have with our trusted business partners. While we implement measures to protect against such events (e.g., utilizing secure transmission capabilities with third-party vendors and others with whom we do business when possible), including a formal review and assessment of our third-party providers cybersecurity controls, as appropriate, and modifications to our business processes to manage these risks, we cannot assure that our efforts will always be successful. 
 Any failure to protect the confidentiality of customer information could adversely affect our reputation or expose us to fines, penalties or litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are required to safeguard the confidential personal information of our customers and applicants. We are subject to an increasing number of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations regarding privacy and data security, as well as contractual commitments. These laws and regulations are rapidly evolving, complex, vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and sometimes conflict. In the absence of updated, uniform federal privacy legislation, there is a growing trend in the states in which we operate, to adopt comprehensive privacy legislation that provides consumers with various privacy rights and imposes significant compliance burdens on covered companies. Failure to comply with data security or privacy laws or regulations could subject us to regulatory enforcement actions and fines, penalties, litigation, private rights of action or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others if confidential customer information is misappropriated from our computer systems, those of our vendors or others with whom we do business, or otherwise. Despite the security measures that may be in place, any such systems may be vulnerable to the types of attacks and security incidents described above. Any well-publicized compromise of security could deter people from entering into transactions that involve transmitting confidential information, impart reputational or other harm, and/or have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, privacy legislation may make our business partners more reluctant to share information with us that is useful in conducting our business. 
 Risks Related to Competition and Competitors in the Property and Casualty Insurance Market 
 Intense competition could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability, particularly in light of the various competitive, financial, strategic, technological, structural, informational and resource advantages that our competitors have. 
 We compete, and will continue to compete, with a large number of companies, including international, national and regional insurers, specialty insurance companies, underwriting agencies and financial services institutions. We also compete with mutual insurance companies, reciprocal and exchange companies that may not have shareholders and may have different profitability targets than publicly or privately owned companies. In recent years, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry, resulting in increased competition from large, well-capitalized financial services firms. Many of our competitors have greater financial, technical, technological, and operating resources than we do, greater access to data analytics or big data, and may be able to offer a wider range of, or more sophisticated, core commercial, specialty and personal line products. Some of our competitors also have different marketing, advertising and sales strategies than we do and market and sell their products to consumers directly. In addition, competition in the U.S. property and casualty insurance market has intensified over the past several years. This competition has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our revenues and profitability. 
 The industry and we are challenged by changing practices caused by the Internet, application-based programs relying on algorithms and computer modeling to underwrite policies and administer claims, and the increased usage of real time comparative rating tools and claims management processes, which have led to greater competition in the insurance business in general, particularly on the basis of price and pressure to reduce coverages to compete on price and to respond to customer requests as quickly as possible. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We also face heightened competition resulting from the entry of new competitors and the introduction of new products by new and existing competitors. Recent entries into the property and casualty marketplace by large technology companies, retail companies, so-called Insurtech companies and other non-traditional insurance providers, who aim to leverage their information about technology and direct access to customers, without the burden of legacy systems, access and ability to manipulate big data, artificial intelligence, speed in responding to customer requests or other developing opportunities, may increase competition. Increased competition could make it difficult for us to obtain new or retain existing customers. It could also result in increasing our service, administrative, policy acquisition or general expenses as we seek to distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors. In addition, our administrative, technology and management information systems expenditures could increase substantially as we try to maintain or improve our competitive position or keep up with evolving technology in order to deliver the same or similar customer or agency experience as those offered by our competitors. 
 We compete for business not just on the basis of price, but also on the basis of product coverages, reputation, financial strength, quality of service (including claims adjustment service), experience and breadth of product offering. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to maintain a competitive position in the markets where we operate, or that we will be able to expand our operations into new markets. 
 Risks Related to Financial Strength and Debt Ratings 
 We are rated by several rating agencies, and downgrades to our ratings could adversely affect our operations. 
 Our ratings are important in establishing our competitive position and marketing the products of our insurance companies to our agents and customers. Rating information is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. Many policyholders, particularly larger commercial customers, will not purchase, and many agents will not distribute, products of insurers that do not meet certain financial strength ratings. 
 Our insurance company subsidiaries are rated by A.M. Best, Moody s, and S P Global. These ratings reflect the rating agency s opinion of our insurance subsidiaries financial strength, operating performance, position in the marketplace, risk management, and ability to meet their obligations to policyholders. These ratings are not evaluations directed to investors, and are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities. Our ratings are subject to periodic review by the rating agencies, and we cannot guarantee the continued retention or improvement of our current ratings. This is particularly true given that rating agencies may change their criteria or increase capital requirements for various rating levels. 
 A downgrade in one or more of our or any of our subsidiaries claims-paying ratings could negatively impact our business and competitive position, particularly in lines where customers require us to maintain minimum ratings. Additionally, a downgrade in one or more of our debt ratings could adversely impact our ability to access the capital markets and other sources of funds, increase the cost of current credit facilities, and/or adversely affect pricing of new debt that we may seek in the capital markets in the future. Our ability to raise capital in the equity markets could also be adversely affected. 
 Negative changes in our level of statutory surplus could adversely affect our ratings and profitability. 
 The capacity for an insurance company s growth in premiums is in part a function of its statutory surplus. Maintaining appropriate levels of statutory surplus, as measured by state insurance regulators, is considered important by state insurance regulatory authorities and by rating agencies. As our business grows, or due to other factors, regulators may require that additional capital be retained or contributed to increase the level of statutory surplus. Failure to maintain certain levels of statutory surplus could result in increased regulatory scrutiny, action by state regulatory authorities or a downgrade by private rating agencies. Surplus in our insurance company subsidiaries is affected by, among other things, results of operations and investment gains, losses, impairments, and dividends from each of those companies to its parent company. A number of these factors affecting our level of statutory surplus are, in turn, influenced by factors that are out of our control, including the frequency and severity of catastrophes, changes in policyholder behavior, changes in rating agency models and economic factors, such as changes in equity markets, credit markets or interest rates. 
 The NAIC uses a system for assessing the adequacy of statutory capital for property and casualty insurers. The system, known as risk-based capital, is in addition to the states fixed dollar minimum capital and other requirements. The system is based on risk-based formulas that apply prescribed factors to the various risk elements in an insurer s business and investments to report a minimum capital requirement proportional to the amount of risk assumed by the insurer. Any failure to maintain appropriate levels of statutory surplus would have an adverse impact on our ability to maintain or grow our business. 
 Risks Related to Discontinued Operations 
 We could be subject to additional losses related to the sales of our discontinued FAFLIC and variable life insurance and annuity businesses and our former Chaucer business. 
 On January 2, 2009, we sold our remaining life insurance subsidiary, FAFLIC, to Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Company Commonwealth Annuity ). Coincident with the sale transaction, Hanover Insurance and FAFLIC entered into a reinsurance contract whereby Hanover Insurance assumed FAFLIC s discontinued accident and health insurance business. We previously owned Commonwealth Annuity, but sold it in 2005 in conjunction with our disposal of our variable life insurance and annuity business. In connection with these transactions, we have agreed to indemnify Commonwealth Annuity for certain contingent liabilities, including litigation and other regulatory matters. 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 On December 28, 2018, we sold the majority of our Chaucer business (specifically our U.K.-based Lloyd s entities) to China Re, with the rest of the Chaucer sale completed in April 2019. In connection with these transactions, we made certain representations and warranties and agreed to indemnify China Re for certain pre-sale contingent liabilities, including tax and litigation matters. 
 We cannot provide assurance as to what the costs of any indemnifications will be when they ultimately settle. 
 We may incur financial losses related to our discontinued assumed accident and health reinsurance pools and arrangements. 
 We previously participated, through FAFLIC, in approximately 40 assumed accident and health reinsurance pools and arrangements. The business was retained in the sale of FAFLIC and assumed by Hanover Insurance through a reinsurance agreement. In 1999, prior to the sale of FAFLIC to Commonwealth Annuity, FAFLIC had ceased writing new premiums in this business, subject to certain contractual obligations. We are currently monitoring and managing the run-off of our related participation in the 22 pools with remaining liabilities. See Item 1 Business Discontinued Operations, for information on the processes and risks associated with reserves established for these businesses. 
 Our long-term care pool accounts for the majority of our remaining accident and health reinsurance pool business. The potential risk and exposure of our long-term care pool is based upon expected estimated claims and payment patterns, using assumptions for, among other things, morbidity, lapses, future premium rates, the impact of policy inflation protection riders, and the interest rate used for discounting the future projected cash flows. The long-term exposure of this pool depends upon how our actual experience compares with these future cash flow projection assumptions. If any of our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our reserves may be inadequate, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Based on the information provided by the pool managers, we believe that the recorded reserves related to this business are appropriate. However, due to the inherent volatility in this business and the reporting lag of losses that tend to develop over time and which ultimately affect excess covers, as well as uncertainty surrounding both future claim expenses and with future premium rate levels for certain of these businesses, there can be no assurance that current reserves are adequate or that we will not have additional losses in the future. 
 Risks Related to Investments, Capital Markets and Economic Conditions 
 Other market fluctuations and general economic, market and political conditions may also negatively affect our business, profitability, investment portfolio, and the market value of our common stock. 
 It is difficult to predict the impact of a challenging economic environment on our business. In our Core Commercial and Specialty lines, a difficult economy in the past has resulted in reductions in demand for insurance products and services since there are more companies ceasing to do business and there are fewer business start-ups, particularly as businesses are affected by a decline in overall consumer and business spending, and also in lines of business where premium levels may be dependent upon payroll volumes and/or employment levels. Additionally, claims frequency could increase as policyholders submit and pursue claims more aggressively than in the past, fraud incidences may increase, or we may experience higher incidents of abandoned properties or poorer maintenance, which may also result in more claims activity. We have experienced higher workers compensation claims as injured employees take longer to return to work, increased surety losses as construction companies experience financial pressures and higher retroactive premium returns as audit results reflect lower payrolls. Our business could also be affected by an ensuing consolidation of independent insurance agencies. Our ability to increase pricing has been impacted as agents and policyholders have been more price sensitive, customers shop for policies more frequently or aggressively, utilize comparative rating models or, in Personal Lines in particular, turn to direct sales channels rather than independent agents. We have experienced decreased new business premium levels, retention and renewal rates, and renewal premiums. Specifically, in Personal Lines, policyholders may reduce coverages or change deductibles to reduce premiums, experience declining home values, or be subject to increased foreclosures, and policyholders may retain older or less expensive automobiles and purchase or insure fewer ancillary items such as boats, trailers and motor homes for which we provide coverages. Additionally, if as a result of a difficult economic environment, drivers continue to eliminate automobile insurance coverage or to reduce their bodily injury limit, we may be exposed to more uninsured and underinsured motorist coverage losses. Conversely, favorable economic conditions may also impact our business and results of operations. 
 At December 31, 2022, we held approximately 8.8 billion of investment assets in categories such as fixed maturities, equity securities, other investments, and cash and short-term investments. Our investments are primarily concentrated in the domestic market. Our investment returns, and thus our profitability, statutory surplus and shareholders equity, may be adversely affected from time to time by conditions affecting our specific investments and, more generally, by bond, stock, real estate and other market fluctuations and general economic, market and political conditions, including the impact of the Pandemic, changing government policies, including monetary policies, and geopolitical risks (which may include the impact of terrorism in various parts of the world or pandemic events). These broader market conditions are out of our control. Our ability to make a profit on insurance products depends in significant part on the returns on investments supporting our obligations under these products, and the value of specific investments may fluctuate substantially depending on the foregoing conditions. We may use a variety of strategies to hedge our exposure to interest and currency rates and other market risks. However, hedging strategies are not always available and carry certain credit risks, and our hedging could be ineffective. Moreover, increased government regulation of certain derivative transactions used to hedge certain market risks has served to prevent (or otherwise substantially increase the cost associated with) hedging such risks. 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Additionally, the aggregate performance of our investment portfolio depends, to a significant extent, on the ability of our investment managers to select and manage appropriate investments. As a result, we are also exposed to operational and compliance risks, which may include, but are not limited to, a failure to follow our investment guidelines, technological and staffing deficiencies and inadequate disaster recovery plans. The failure of these investment managers to perform their services in a manner consistent with our expectations and investment objectives could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 
 Debt securities comprise a material portion of our investment portfolio. Although we have an investment strategy that provides for asset diversification, the concentration of our investment portfolio in any one type of investment, industry or geography could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our investment portfolio. The issuers of debt securities, as well as borrowers under the loans we make, customers, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and other derivative contracts, banks which have commitments under our various borrowing arrangements, and reinsurers, may be affected by declining market conditions or credit weaknesses. These parties may default on their obligations to us due to lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational failure, bankruptcy or other reasons. Future increases in interest rates could result in increased defaults as borrowers are unable to pay the additional borrowing costs on variable rate securities or obtain refinancing. We cannot provide assurance that impairment charges will not be necessary in the future. In addition, evaluation of available-for-sale securities for credit-related impairment losses includes inherent uncertainty and subjective determinations. We cannot be certain that such impairments are adequate as of any stated date. Our ability to fulfill our debt and other obligations could be adversely affected by the default of third parties on their obligations owed to us. 
 Deterioration in the global financial markets may adversely affect our investment portfolio and have a related impact on our other comprehensive income, shareholders equity and overall investment performance. Recent economic activity has slowed, although growth continues at a moderate rate, and monetary policies in developed economies currently remain accommodative. However, the effects of geo-political developments and conditions in global financial markets could change rapidly in ways that we cannot anticipate, resulting in additional realized and unrealized losses. 
 Market conditions also affect the value of assets under our employee pension plans, including our qualified defined benefit plan. The expense or benefit related to this plan results from several factors, including, but not limited to, changes in the market value of plan assets, interest rates, regulatory requirements or judicial interpretation of benefits. At December 31, 2022, our plan assets included approximately 90 of fixed maturities and 10 of equity securities and other assets. Additionally, our qualified plan assets exceeded liabilities by approximately 9.8 million at December 31, 2022. Declines in the market value of plan assets and lower interest rates from levels at December 31, 2022, among other factors, could impact our funding estimates and negatively affect our results of operations. Deterioration in market conditions and differences between our assumptions and actual occurrences and behaviors, could result in a need to fund more into the qualified plan to maintain an appropriate funding level. 
 Additional uncertainties, which could affect our business prospects and investments include the current U.S. political environment, which is characterized by potentially sharp policy differences that may affect all aspects of the economy. 
 We may experience unrealized losses on our investments, especially during a period of heightened volatility, or if assumptions related to our investment valuations are changed, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our investment portfolio and shareholders equity can be, and in the past have been, significantly impacted by changes in the market values of our securities. U.S. and global financial markets and economies remain uncertain, particularly in light of lingering economic effects of the Pandemic, inflationary pressures and potential recessionary impacts on the economy. Market uncertainty could result in unrealized and realized losses in future periods, and adversely affect the liquidity of our investments, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial position. Information with respect to interest rate sensitivity is included in Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures in Management s Discussion and Analysis. Valuation of financial instruments (i.e., Level 1, 2, or 3) include methodologies, estimates, assumptions and judgments that are inherently subjective and open to different interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations or the ability to receive such valuations on sale. During periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. In addition, in times of financial market disruption, certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data may become illiquid. In those cases, the valuation process includes inputs that are less observable and require more subjectivity and judgment by management. Changes in these subjective methodologies, estimates, assumptions and judgments used to value our investments could also materially affect the valuation of certain investments. 
 If, following such declines, we are unable to hold our investment assets until they recover in value, or if such asset value never recovers, we would incur impairment losses that would be recognized as realized losses in our results of operations, reduce net income and earnings per share and adversely affect our liquidity and capital position. Impairment determinations, like valuations, are also subjective, and changes to the methodologies, estimates, assumptions and judgments used to determine impairments may affect the timing and amount of impairment losses recognized in our results of operations. Temporary declines in the market value of fixed maturities are recorded as unrealized losses, which do not affect net income and earnings per share, but reduce other comprehensive income, which is reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We cannot provide assurance that we will not have additional impairment losses and/or unrealized or realized investment losses in the future. 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We invest a portion of our portfolio in common stocks, preferred stocks, and limited partnerships. The value of these assets fluctuates with the equity markets. Particularly in times of economic weakness, the market value and liquidity of these assets may decline, and may impact net income, capital and cash flows. 
 We are exposed to significant capital market risks related to changes in interest rates, credit spreads, and equity prices, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 We are exposed to significant capital market risks related to changes in interest rates, credit spreads, and equity prices. Significant declines in equity prices, changes in interest rates, and changes in credit spreads each could have a material adverse effect on our results, financial position or cash flows. Our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the market price and cash flow variability associated with changes in interest rates. Our investment portfolio contains interest rate sensitive instruments, such as fixed income securities, which may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates from governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. A rise in market yields would reduce the fair value of our investment portfolio, but it provides the opportunity to earn higher rates of return on funds reinvested. A decline in interest rates, on the other hand, would increase the fair value of our investment portfolio, but we would earn lower rates of return on reinvested assets. We may be forced to liquidate investments prior to maturity at a loss in order to cover liabilities, and such liquidation could be accelerated in the event of significant loss events, such as catastrophes. Although we take measures to manage the economic risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, we may not be able to mitigate the interest rate risk of our assets relative to our liabilities. 
 Our investment portfolio is invested primarily in high quality, investment-grade fixed income securities. However, we also invest in non-investment-grade high yield fixed income securities and limited partnerships. These securities, which pay a higher rate of interest, also have a higher degree of credit or default risk. These securities may also be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. Additionally, reported values of our investments do not necessarily reflect the lowest current market price for the asset, and if we require significant amounts of cash on short notice, we may have difficulty selling our investments in a timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, or both. While we have procedures to monitor the credit risk and liquidity of our invested assets, we expect from time to time, and particularly in periods of economic weakness, to experience default losses in our portfolio. This would result in a corresponding reduction of net income, capital and cash flows. 
 Inflationary pressures may negatively impact expenses, reserves and the value of investments. 
 Inflationary pressures in the U.S., as a result of the Pandemic, or otherwise, with respect to medical and health care, automobile repair and construction costs, as well as social inflation of litigation costs, jury awards and settlement expectations, all of which are significant components of our indemnity liabilities under policies we issue to our customers, and which could also impact the adequacy of reserves we have set aside for prior accident years, may have a negative effect on our results of operations. Inflationary pressures also cause or contribute to, or are the result of, increases in interest rates, which would reduce the fair value of our investment portfolio. 
 Risks Related to Capital, Liquidity and Cash Flow 
 We are a holding company and rely on our insurance company subsidiaries for cash flow; we may not be able to receive dividends from our subsidiaries in needed amounts and may be required to provide capital to support their operations. 
 We are a holding company for a group of insurance companies, and our principal assets are the shares of capital stock of these subsidiaries. Our ability to make required interest payments on our debt, as well as our ability to pay operating expenses and pay dividends to shareholders, depends upon the receipt of sufficient funds from our subsidiaries. The payment of dividends by our insurance company subsidiaries is subject to regulatory restrictions and will depend on the surplus and future earnings of these subsidiaries, as well as these regulatory restrictions. We are required to notify insurance regulators prior to paying any dividends from our insurance subsidiaries, and pre-approval is required with respect to extraordinary dividends. 
 Because of the regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends from our insurance company subsidiaries, we may not always be able to receive dividends from these subsidiaries at times and in amounts necessary to meet our debt and other obligations, or to pay dividends to our shareholders. The inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us in an amount sufficient to meet our debt interest and funding obligations would have a material adverse effect on us. These regulatory dividend restrictions also impede our ability to transfer cash and other capital resources among our subsidiaries. Similarly, our insurance subsidiaries may require capital from the holding company to support their operations. 
 Our dependence on our insurance subsidiaries for cash flow, and their potential need for capital support, exposes us to the risk of changes in their ability to generate sufficient cash inflows from new or existing customers, from inadequate investment returns, or from increased cash outflows. Cash outflows may result from claims activity and expense payments. Because of the nature of our business, claims activity can arise suddenly and in amounts which could outstrip our capital or liquidity resources (particularly in the event of a large catastrophe loss). Reductions in cash flow or capital demands from our subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We may require additional capital or credit in the future, which may not be available or only available on unfavorable terms. 
 We monitor our capital adequacy on a regular basis. Our future capital and liquidity requirements depend on many factors, including premiums written, loss reserves and claim payments, investment portfolio composition and risk exposures, the availability of letters and lines of credit, and maturing outstanding debt, as well as regulatory and rating agency capital requirements. In addition, our capital strength can affect our ratings. 
 To the extent that our existing capital is insufficient or unavailable to fund our future operating requirements and/or cover claim losses, we may need to raise additional funds through financings or limit our growth. Any equity or debt financing, if available, may be on terms that are unfavorable to us. In the case of equity financings, dilution to our shareholders could result and, in any case, such securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges that are senior to our common stock. If we are not able to obtain additional capital as necessary, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Residual Risks Related to the Pandemic 
 The residual impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic and related general economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Circumstances relating to the Pandemic have been unprecedented in scope and impact, continue to evolve, and are complex and uncertain. We are still monitoring and assessing the potential future impacts of the Pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Prolonged supply chain disruptions, inflation, potential recessionary impacts or other difficulties caused by the Pandemic could perpetuate more costly or lengthy claims resolutions. These changes may materially and adversely affect our ability to profitably grow our business or maintain premium levels over loss costs, particularly if these conditions exist for a significant amount of time. Also, it may be more difficult or costly to obtain reinsurance for certain types of coverages or at retention levels appropriate for our business mix. 
 As a result of the Pandemic and related and subsequent economic conditions, our investment portfolio has become volatile. The severity and length of the inflationary environment may continue to have a negative impact on our investment portfolio, liquidity and capital position, of which the impact could be material. 
 While we believe that our in-force Core Commercial and Specialty policies in large part do not cover business interruption losses related to the Pandemic, legislation has been discussed and introduced in various states and in the U.S. Congress to retroactively amend insurance contracts to provide business interruption coverage, to impose presumptions on insurance policy interpretation, and/or limit policy exclusions for losses allegedly related to the Pandemic. While we believe that many of those proposals, including retroactive legislation changing the terms of an insurance contract, would be unconstitutional and otherwise violative of well-established law, if such changes were to be enacted and upheld, we would be exposed to a significant unfunded liability. On the Federal level, there is also uncertainty around legislation to address insurance coverages for pandemics prospectively. State regulators may also continue to impose premium refund orders similar to those issued to date that call for premium refunds or credits across multiple lines of business, including our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines, mandate rate reductions for lines such as personal automobile and commercial automobile coverages due to a decrease in claims frequency, and/or mandate additional presumptions of compensability in workers compensation coverages. The uncertainties related to these various legislative and regulatory matters, and the potential that other such uncertainties will arise in the post-Pandemic period, could adversely impact our ability to sustain adequate returns in certain lines of business or in some cases operate lines profitably. 
 General Risk Factors 
 If we are unable to attract, develop and retain qualified personnel, or if we experience the loss or retirement of key executives or other key employees, particularly those experienced in the property and casualty industry, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our operations could be impacted significantly. 
 Errors or omissions, misconduct or fraud in connection with the administration of any of our insurance or investment management operations may cause our business and profitability to be negatively impacted. 
 Changes in current accounting practices and future pronouncements may require us to incur considerable additional compliance expenses, to retroactively apply new requirements, or to make financial restatements. 
 Failure to design, implement or maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on financial statements, financial reporting, investor confidence, our business and stock price. 
 Our stock price is influenced by our financial performance, industry trends and sentiment and other larger macro-economic factors described above in risk factors related to investments, capital markets and economic conditions that are out of our control. These factors could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, become volatile, and there is no guarantee that it will remain at or exceed current or historical levels. 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2 PR OPERTIES 
 We conduct our business operations primarily in our company-owned facilities in Worcester, Massachusetts and Howell, Michigan. We also lease offices throughout the United States for branch sales, underwriting and claims processing functions, and the operations of acquired subsidiaries. 
 We believe our facilities are adequate for our present needs in all material respects. 
 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Company has been named a defendant in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. In addition, the Company is involved, from time to time, in examinations, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies. The potential outcome of any such action or regulatory proceedings in which the Company has been named a defendant or the subject of an inquiry, examination or investigation, and its ultimate liability, if any, from such action or regulatory proceedings, is difficult to predict at this time. The ultimate resolutions of such proceedings are not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position, although they could have a material effect on the results of operations for a particular quarterly or annual period. 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFE TY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCK HOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDER OWNERSHIP 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol THG. On February 21, 2023, we had approximately 14,183 shareholders of record and 35,604,942 shares of common stock outstanding. On the same date, the trading price of our common stock was 141.88 per share. 
 DIVIDENDS 
 We currently expect that quarterly cash dividends, comparable to the 0.81 per share dividend we paid in the fourth quarter of 2022, will continue to be paid in the future; however, the payment of future quarterly or special dividends on our common stock will be determined by the Board of Directors from time to time based upon cash available at our holding company, our results of operations and financial condition and such other factors as the Board of Directors considers relevant. 
 Dividends to shareholders may be funded from dividends paid to us from our subsidiaries. Dividends from insurance subsidiaries are subject to restrictions imposed by state insurance laws and regulations. See Liquidity and Capital Resources in Management s Discussion and Analysis and Note 11 Dividend Restrictions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program which provides for aggregate repurchases of our common stock of up to 1.3 billion. Under the repurchase authorization, we may repurchase, from time to time, common stock in amounts, at prices and at such times as we deem appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations. Repurchases may be executed using open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated repurchase programs or other transactions. We are not required to purchase any specific number of shares or to make purchases by any certain date under this program. During 2022, we repurchased approximately 0.2 million shares, at an aggregate cost of 30.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had repurchased 7.9 million shares under this 1.3 billion program and had approximately 330 million available for additional repurchases. 
 Shares purchased in the fourth quarter of 2022 were as follows: 

PERIOD 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) 

October 1 - 31, 2022 (1) 

489 

141.24 

330 

November 1 - 30, 2022 (1) 

119 

144.85 

330 

December 1 - 31, 2022 (1) 

680 

135.55 

330 

Total 

1,288 

138.57 

330 

(1) Shares purchased were used to satisfy tax withholding amounts due from employees related to the receipt of stock which resulted from the exercise or vesting of equity awards for the months ended October 31, November 30 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

ITEM 6 [RESE RVED] 

34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 0 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS O F FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Introduction 
 
 36 

Executive Overview 
 
 36 

Description of Operating Segments 
 
 37 

Results of Operations - Consolidated 
 
 38 

Results of Operations - Segments 
 
 39 

Investments 
 
 53 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 56 

Other Items 
 
 57 

Income Taxes 
 
 58 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 58 

Statutory Surplus of Insurance Subsidiaries 
 
 60 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 61 

Contingencies and Regulatory Matters 
 
 63 

Risks and Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 63 

Glossary of Selected Insurance Terms 
 
 63 

35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 INTROD UCTION 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to assist readers in understanding the consolidated results of operations and financial condition of The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries THG ). Consolidated results of operations and financial condition are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related footnotes included elsewhere herein. 
 Results of operations include the accounts of The Hanover Insurance Company Hanover Insurance and Citizens Insurance Company of America Citizens ), our principal property and casualty companies, and certain other insurance and non-insurance subsidiaries. Our results of operations also include the results of our discontinued operations, consisting primarily of our former accident and health insurance business. 
 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 Business operations consist of four operating segments: Core Commercial, Specialty, Personal Lines and Other. 
 Our strategy, which focuses on the independent agency distribution channel, supports THG s commitment to our select independent agents. It is designed to generate profitable growth by leveraging the strengths of our distribution approach, including expansion of our agency footprint in underpenetrated geographies, as warranted. As part of that strategy, we have increased our capabilities in specialty markets and made investments designed to develop growth solutions for our agency distribution channel and meet the needs of our customers. Our goal is to grow responsibly in all of our businesses, while managing volatility. 
 Net income was 116.0 million in 2022, compared to 418.7 million in 2021, a decrease of 302.7 million, primarily due to changes in the fair value of equity securities and lower operating income. 
 Operating income before interest expense and income taxes (a non-GAAP financial measure; see also Results of Operations Consolidated Non-GAAP Financial Measures was 285.1 million in 2022 compared to 432.3 million in 2021, a decrease of 147.2 million. This decrease was primarily due to higher current accident year losses and lower net favorable development on prior years' loss reserves, partially offset by earned premium growth. The higher current accident year losses were primarily due to higher severity, as a result of inflation and supply chain disruptions, and increased accident frequency in our personal automobile line. In addition, losses in our homeowners line have increased due to higher severity. 
 Pre-tax catastrophe losses were 402.6 million in 2022 and 2021. Included in 2022 were 165.0 million of pre-tax catastrophe losses related to Winter Storm Elliott, which occurred in the fourth quarter. Net favorable development on prior years loss reserves was 20.6 million in 2022, compared to 56.1 million in 2021, a decrease of 35.5 million. 
 Due to persistent supply chain disruptions emerging from the COVID-19 pandemic Pandemic ), and significant inflation in the U.S economy, among other factors outside our control, we are experiencing substantially higher claims costs, particularly in our automobile and homeowners lines of business. Additionally, several other Pandemic uncertainties persist, including evolving driving patterns and court caseload backlogs. Although we are taking actions to address our higher claims costs, such elevated costs may affect the property and casualty insurance industry, our business, and our financial results over future periods. (See Contingencies and Regulatory Matters and Item 1A Risk Factors for further discussion). 
 Core Commercial 
 Core Commercial is divided into two distinct businesses, small commercial and middle market, both of which focus on account business, including commercial multiple peril, commercial automobile, workers compensation and other (monoline general liability, ancillary professional, commercial umbrella, and monoline property). Small commercial focuses on small businesses, with annual policy premiums generally up to 50,000. Small commercial recently launched TAP sales, a quoting platform that has enhanced the ease of doing business, and generated approximately an 18 increase in new business submissions in 2022 compared to 2021. Middle market provides coverage to mid-sized businesses with annual policy premiums generally between 50,000 and 500,000. Middle market offers coverage in distinct industry segments, including technology, manufacturing, human services, retail, real estate, and others. We believe that our account-focused approach to the small commercial market and distinctiveness in the middle market, including our diversified portfolio of products, delivers significant value to agents and policyholders. We continue to pursue our core strategy of developing strong relationships with retail agents, enhanced franchise value through selective distribution, distinctive products and coverages, and through continued investment in industry segmentation. Net premiums written increased 7.2 in 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily driven by pricing and exposure increases. 
 Underwriting results decreased in 2022, primarily due to higher catastrophe losses. The competitive nature of the Core Commercial market requires us to be highly disciplined in our underwriting process to ensure that we write business at acceptable margins, and we continue to seek rate increases across many lines of business. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Specialty 
 Specialty offers a comprehensive suite of products focused predominately on small to mid-sized businesses. This includes numerous specialized product areas that are organized into four distinct divisions Professional and Executive Lines, Specialty Property and Casualty Specialty P C ), Marine, and Surety and Other. We believe that this distribution of Specialty products, primarily through retail agents supplemented by select specialists helps to enhance our overall agent value and increase growth opportunities by providing agents easier access to placement solutions for Specialty needs, including those that complement Core Commercial accounts. Net premiums written increased 11.2 in 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to pricing, new business and exposure increases. 
 Underwriting results increased in 2022, primarily due to lower catastrophe losses, earned premium growth, and lower current accident year losses. The competitive nature of the Specialty market requires us to be highly disciplined in our underwriting process to ensure that we write business at acceptable margins, and we continue to seek rate increases across many lines of business. 
 Personal Lines 
 Personal Lines focuses on working with high quality, value-oriented agencies that deliver consultative selling to customers and stress the importance of account rounding, which is the conversion of single policy customers to accounts with multiple policies and/or additional coverages, to address customers broader objectives. Approximately 88 of our policies in force have been issued to customers with multiple policies and/or coverages with us. We are focused on seeking profitable growth opportunities, building a distinctive position in the market in order to meet our customers needs and diversifying geographically. We continue to seek appropriate rate increases that meet or exceed underlying loss cost trends, subject to regulatory and competitive considerations. 
 Net premiums written increased 11.1 in 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to renewal price increases across the year and, to a lesser extent, higher new business. Underwriting results decreased in 2022, primarily due to higher current accident year losses in our personal automobile and homeowners lines. 
 DESCRIPTION OF OP ERATING SEGMENTS 
 Primary business operations include insurance products and services currently provided through four operating segments: Core Commercial, Specialty, Personal Lines and Other. Core Commercial includes commercial multiple peril, commercial automobile, workers compensation, and other commercial lines coverages provided to small and mid-sized businesses. Specialty includes four divisions of business: Professional and Executive Lines, Specialty P C, Marine, and Surety and Other. Specialty P C includes coverages such as program business (providing commercial insurance to markets with specialized coverage or risk management needs related to groups of similar businesses), specialty industrial and commercial property, excess and surplus lines and specialty general liability coverage. Personal Lines includes personal automobile, homeowners and other personal coverages, such as umbrella. Included in the Other segment are Opus Investment Management, Inc., which markets investment management services to institutions, pension funds, and other organizations; earnings on holding company assets; holding company and other expenses, including certain costs associated with retirement benefits due to our former life insurance employees and agents; and our run-off voluntary assumed property and casualty pools and run-off direct asbestos and environmental businesses. During the first quarter of 2022, we disaggregated our former Commercial Lines segment into Core Commercial and Specialty segments. Prior periods reflect this new presentation. This presentation is consistent with the manner in which our chief operating decision maker evaluates results in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. 
 We report interest expense on debt separately from the earnings of our operating segments. This consists primarily of interest on our senior and subordinated debentures. 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIO NS CONSOLIDATED 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Consolidated net income was 116.0 million in 2022, compared to 418.7 million in 2021, a decrease of 302.7 million. The year over year comparison of consolidated net income reflects a decrease in after-tax net realized and unrealized investment losses of 184.4 million, primarily related to changes in the fair value of equity securities as well as lower operating income. Operating income before interest expense and income taxes was 285.1 million in 2022 compared to 432.3 million in 2021, a decrease of 147.2 million. This decrease was primarily due to higher current accident year losses and lower net favorable development on prior years' loss reserves, partially offset by earned premium growth. Pre-tax catastrophe losses were 402.6 million in 2022 and 2021. Included in 2022 were 165.0 million of pre-tax catastrophe losses related to Winter Storm Elliott, which occurred in the fourth quarter. 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Consolidated net income was 418.7 million in 2021, compared to 358.7 million in 2020, an increase of 60.0 million. The year over year comparison of consolidated net income reflects an increase in after-tax net realized and unrealized investment gains of 88.5 million, principally related to changes in the fair value of equity securities. This was partially offset by a decrease in operating income before interest expense and income taxes of 52.4 million. The decrease in operating income before interest expense and income taxes was primarily due to higher catastrophe losses and increased Personal Lines non-catastrophe current accident year losses, partially offset by higher net investment income, earned premium growth, and net favorable development on prior years loss reserves. 
 The following table reflects operating income (loss) before interest expense and income taxes for each operating segment and a reconciliation to consolidated net income from operating income before interest expense and income taxes (a non-GAAP measure). 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 

Operating income (loss) before interest expense and income taxes: 

Core Commercial 

106.9 

138.0 

178.1 

Specialty 

186.0 

131.9 

97.3 

Personal Lines 

(8.8) 

158.5 

212.5 

Other 

1.0 

3.9 

(3.2) 

Operating income before interest expense and income taxes 

285.1 

432.3 

484.7 

Interest expense on debt 

(34.1) 

(34.0) 

(37.1) 

Operating income before income taxes 

251.0 

398.3 

447.6 

Income tax expense on operating income 

(51.1) 

(80.0) 

(92.6) 

Operating income 

199.9 

318.3 

355.0 

Non-operating items: 

Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 

(106.5) 

123.0 

5.0 

Net loss from repayment of debt 

(6.2) 

Other 

(0.5) 

(1.6) 

Income tax benefit (expense) on non-operating items 

23.9 

(21.3) 

9.8 

Income from continuing operations, net of taxes 

116.8 

420.0 

362.0 

Discontinued operations (net of taxes): 

Income from Chaucer business 

1.2 

0.4 

Loss from discontinued life businesses 

(0.8) 

(2.5) 

(3.7) 

Net income 

116.0 

418.7 

358.7 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to consolidated net income, discussed above, we assess our financial performance based upon pre-tax operating income, and we assess the operating performance of each of our four operating segments based upon the pre-tax operating income (loss) generated by each segment. As reflected in the table above, operating income before interest expense and income taxes excludes interest expense on debt and certain other items, which we believe are not indicative of our core operations, such as net realized and unrealized investment gains and losses. Such gains and losses are excluded since they are determined by interest rates, financial markets and the timing of sales. Also, operating income before interest expense and income taxes excludes net gains and losses on disposals of businesses, gains and losses related to the repayment of debt, discontinued operations, costs to acquire businesses, restructuring costs, the cumulative effect of accounting changes and certain other items. Although the items excluded from operating income before interest expense and income taxes are important components in understanding and assessing our overall financial performance, we believe a discussion of operating income before interest expense and income taxes enhances an investor s understanding of our results of operations by highlighting net income attributable to the core operations of the business. However, operating income before interest expense and income taxes, which is a non-GAAP measure, should not be construed as a substitute for income before income taxes or income from continuing operations, and operating income should not be construed as a substitute for net income. 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Catastrophe losses and prior years reserve development are significant components in understanding and assessing the financial performance of our business. Management reviews and evaluates catastrophes and prior years reserve development separately from the other components of earnings. References to current accident year underwriting results exclude prior accident year reserve development and may also be presented excluding catastrophes. Prior years reserve development and catastrophes are not predictable as to timing or the amount that will affect the results of our operations and have an effect on each year s operating and net income. Management believes that providing certain financial metrics and trends excluding the effects of catastrophes and prior years reserve development helps investors to understand the variability in periodic earnings and to evaluate the underlying performance of our operations. Discussion of catastrophe losses in this Management s Discussion and Analysis includes development on prior years catastrophe reserves and, unless otherwise indicated, such development is excluded from discussions of prior year loss and loss adjustment expenses LAE reserve development. 
 RESULTS OF OPERA TIONS - SEGMENTS 
 The following is our discussion and analysis of the results of operations by business segment. The operating results are presented before interest expense, income taxes and other items which management believes are not indicative of our core operations, including realized gains and losses, as well as unrealized gains and losses on equity securities, and the results of discontinued operations. 
 The following table summarizes the results of operations for the periods indicated: 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 

Operating revenues 

Net premiums written 

5,476.5 

4,993.4 

4,598.5 

Net premiums earned 

5,252.3 

4,770.2 

4,527.4 

Net investment income 

296.3 

310.7 

265.1 

Other income 

26.5 

23.9 

27.3 

Total operating revenues 

5,575.1 

5,104.8 

4,819.8 

Losses and operating expenses 

Losses and LAE 

3,623.4 

3,134.2 

2,844.5 

Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 

1,093.2 

982.7 

951.0 

Other operating expenses 

573.4 

555.6 

539.6 

Total losses and operating expenses 

5,290.0 

4,672.5 

4,335.1 

Operating income before interest expense and income taxes 

285.1 

432.3 

484.7 

2022 Compared to 2021 
 Operating income before interest expense and income taxes was 285.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 432.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 147.2 million. This decrease was primarily due to higher current accident year losses and lower net favorable development on prior years' loss reserves, partially offset by earned premium growth. The higher current accident losses were primarily due to higher severity, as a result of inflation and supply chain disruptions, and increased accident frequency in our personal automobile line. 
 Net premiums written increased 483.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to pricing and exposure increases and continued strong retention. 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Operating income before interest expense and income taxes was 432.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 484.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 52.4 million. This decrease was primarily due to higher catastrophe losses and increased Personal Lines non-catastrophe current accident year losses, partially offset by higher net investment income, earned premium growth, and net favorable development on prior years loss reserves. The higher Personal Lines non-catastrophe current accident year losses were primarily due to higher personal automobile losses, attributable to higher loss severity and frequency, though 2021 loss frequency was below pre-Pandemic levels. 
 Net premiums written increased 394.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to pricing increases, a reduction in insured business activity in 2020, and a 2020 premium refund. During 2020, we returned approximately 30 million of premiums to our eligible personal automobile customers in all of our markets, providing financial relief during the Pandemic. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PRODUCTION AND UNDERWRITING RESULTS 
 The following tables summarize premiums written on a gross and net basis, net premiums earned and loss (including catastrophe losses), LAE, expense, and combined ratios for our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines segments. Loss, LAE, catastrophe loss and combined ratios shown below include prior year reserve development. These items were not meaningful for our Other segment. 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 Gross Premiums Written 

Net Premiums Written 

Net Premiums Earned 

Catastrophe Loss Ratios 

Loss LAE Ratios 

Expense Ratios 

Combined Ratios 

Core Commercial 

2,276.3 

1,999.9 

1,950.5 

9.9 

68.5 

32.7 

101.2 

Specialty 

1,500.1 

1,243.7 

1,189.0 

2.8 

54.0 

35.3 

89.3 

Personal Lines 

2,304.4 

2,232.9 

2,112.8 

8.3 

77.8 

26.5 

104.3 

Total 

6,080.8 

5,476.5 

5,252.3 

7.7 

69.0 

30.8 

99.8 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 Gross Premiums Written 

Net Premiums Written 

Net Premiums Earned 

Catastrophe Loss Ratios 

Loss LAE Ratios 

Expense Ratios 

Combined Ratios 

Core Commercial 

2,099.5 

1,864.8 

1,810.9 

9.7 

67.4 

32.9 

100.3 

Specialty 

1,349.4 

1,118.9 

1,029.9 

5.0 

57.4 

35.5 

92.9 

Personal Lines 

1,895.4 

2,009.7 

1,929.4 

9.1 

68.5 

27.7 

96.2 

Total 

5,344.3 

4,993.4 

4,770.2 

8.4 

65.7 

31.3 

97.0 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 Gross Premiums Written 

Net Premiums Written 

Net Premiums Earned 

Catastrophe Loss Ratios 

Loss LAE Ratios 

Expense Ratios 

Combined Ratios 

Core Commercial 

1,949.4 

1,726.2 

1,703.7 

5.3 

63.2 

33.2 

96.4 

Specialty 

1,251.6 

1,006.9 

979.6 

4.3 

58.3 

36.5 

94.8 

Personal Lines 

1,953.5 

1,865.4 

1,844.1 

8.4 

64.7 

27.7 

92.4 

Total 

5,154.5 

4,598.5 

4,527.4 

6.3 

62.8 

31.6 

94.4 

The following tables summarize net premiums written, and loss and LAE and catastrophe loss ratios by line of business for the Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines segments. Loss and LAE and catastrophe loss ratios include prior year reserve development. 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 Net Premiums Written 

Loss LAE Ratios 

Catastrophe Loss Ratios 

Core Commercial 

1,999.9 

68.5 

9.9 

Specialty 

1,243.7 

54.0 

2.8 

Personal Lines: 

Personal automobile 

1,317.2 

77.3 

0.7 

Homeowners Other 

915.7 

78.6 

19.8 

Total Personal Lines 

2,232.9 

77.8 

8.3 

Total 

5,476.5 

69.0 

7.7 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 Net Premiums Written 

Loss LAE Ratios 

Catastrophe Loss Ratios 

Core Commercial 

1,864.8 

67.4 

9.7 

Specialty 

1,118.9 

57.4 

5.0 

Personal Lines: 

Personal automobile 

1,230.4 

66.0 

1.6 

Homeowners Other 

779.3 

72.6 

21.3 

Total Personal Lines 

2,009.7 

68.5 

9.1 

Total 

4,993.4 

65.7 

8.4 

40 
 
 Table of Contents 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 Net Premiums Written 

Loss LAE Ratios 

Catastrophe Loss Ratios 

Core Commercial 

1,726.2 

63.2 

5.3 

Specialty 

1,006.9 

58.3 

4.3 

Personal Lines: 

Personal automobile 

1,151.5 

62.7 

1.0 

Homeowners Other 

713.9 

67.9 

20.5 

Total Personal Lines 

1,865.4 

64.7 

8.4 

Total 

4,598.5 

62.8 

6.3 

The following tables summarize GAAP underwriting results for our Core Commercial, Specialty, Personal Lines and Other segments and reconciles them to operating income (loss) before interest expense and income taxes. 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

(in millions) 
 Core Commercial 

Specialty 

Personal Lines 

Other 

Total 

Underwriting profit, excluding prior year reserve development and catastrophes 
 
 154.7 

137.9 

80.0 

372.6 

Prior year favorable (unfavorable) loss and LAE reserve development on non-catastrophe losses 
 
 10.3 

19.5 

(8.0) 

(1.2) 

20.6 

Prior year favorable (unfavorable) catastrophe development 
 
 17.3 

8.7 

(14.0) 

12.0 

Current year catastrophe losses 
 
 (211.0) 

(41.4) 

(162.2) 

(414.6) 

Underwriting profit (loss) 
 
 (28.7) 

124.7 

(104.2) 

(1.2) 

(9.4) 

Net investment income 
 
 136.2 

62.1 

86.8 

11.2 

296.3 

Fees and other income 
 
 4.0 

5.4 

14.1 

3.0 

26.5 

Other operating expenses 
 
 (4.6) 

(6.2) 

(5.5) 

(12.0) 

(28.3) 

Operating income (loss) before interest expense and income taxes 
 
 106.9 

186.0 

(8.8) 

1.0 

285.1 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

(in millions) 
 Core Commercial 

Specialty 

Personal Lines 

Other 

Total 

Underwriting profit, excluding prior year reserve development and catastrophes 
 
 150.2 

105.0 

217.3 

472.5 

Prior year favorable (unfavorable) loss and LAE reserve development on non-catastrophe losses 
 
 17.8 

16.2 

23.1 

(1.0) 

56.1 

Prior year favorable catastrophe development 
 
 9.7 

2.3 

3.0 

15.0 

Current year catastrophe losses 
 
 (185.2) 

(54.1) 

(178.3) 

(417.6) 

Underwriting profit (loss) 
 
 (7.5) 

69.4 

65.1 

(1.0) 

126.0 

Net investment income 
 
 146.5 

62.9 

89.4 

11.9 

310.7 

Fees and other income 
 
 3.3 

6.4 

9.7 

4.5 

23.9 

Other operating expenses 
 
 (4.3) 

(6.8) 

(5.7) 

(11.5) 

(28.3) 

Operating income before interest expense and income taxes 
 
 138.0 

131.9 

158.5 

3.9 

432.3 

41 
 
 Table of Contents 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 

(in millions) 
 Core Commercial 

Specialty 

Personal Lines 

Other 

Total 

Underwriting profit (loss), excluding prior year reserve development and catastrophes 
 
 134.5 

85.0 

286.7 

(0.1) 

506.1 

Prior year favorable (unfavorable) loss and LAE reserve development on non-catastrophe losses 
 
 12.6 

6.4 

0.7 

(4.2) 

15.5 

Prior year favorable (unfavorable) catastrophe development 
 
 14.7 

4.1 

(1.7) 

17.1 

Current year catastrophe losses 
 
 (104.3) 

(46.7) 

(152.8) 

(303.8) 

Underwriting profit (loss) 
 
 57.5 

48.8 

132.9 

(4.3) 

234.9 

Net investment income 
 
 124.2 

51.1 

76.7 

13.1 

265.1 

Fees and other income 
 
 4.3 

5.4 

10.6 

7.0 

27.3 

Other operating expenses 
 
 (7.9) 

(8.0) 

(7.7) 

(19.0) 

(42.6) 

Operating income (loss) before interest expense and income taxes 
 
 178.1 

97.3 

212.5 

(3.2) 

484.7 

2022 Compared to 2021 
 Core Commercial 
 Core Commercial net premiums written were 1,999.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,864.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This 135.1 million increase was primarily driven by pricing and exposure increases. 
 Core Commercial underwriting loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 28.7 million, compared to 7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an unfavorable change of 21.2 million. Catastrophe losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 193.7 million, compared to 175.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 18.2 million. Net favorable development on prior years loss reserves for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 10.3 million, compared to 17.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 7.5 million. 
 Core Commercial current accident year underwriting profit, excluding catastrophes, was 154.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 150.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This 4.5 million increase was primarily due to earned premium growth. Within current accident year non-catastrophe losses, higher loss activity in our commercial multiple peril and commercial automobile lines were partially offset by lower loss activity in our workers' compensation and miscellaneous property lines. 
 We continue to manage underwriting performance through rate actions, pricing segmentation, specific underwriting actions and targeted new business growth. Our ability to achieve overall rate increases is affected by many factors, including regulatory activity and the competitive pricing environment, particularly within the workers compensation line. See Contingencies and Regulatory Matters. Due to uncertainty caused by the increase in inflation and supply chain disruptions, there is a level of uncertainty in our ability to grow our business and maintain or improve our underwriting profitability in this environment. The extent and duration of these uncertainties are unknown and have resulted in an increase in claims costs, which may persist, and may also result in reduced premium levels. 
 Specialty 
 Specialty net premiums written were 1,243.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,118.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This 124.8 million increase was primarily due to pricing, new business and exposure increases. 
 Specialty underwriting profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 124.7 million, compared to 69.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 55.3 million. Catastrophe losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 32.7 million, compared to 51.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 19.1 million. The higher catastrophe losses in 2021 were primarily due to freeze events in Texas and surrounding states. Net favorable development on prior years loss reserves for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 19.5 million, compared to 16.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3.3 million. 
 Specialty current accident year underwriting profit, excluding catastrophes, was 137.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 105.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 32.9 million, primarily due to earned premium growth and lower current accident year losses. Within current accident year losses, lower losses in Specialty P C and Professional and Executive Lines were partially offset by higher losses in the inland marine line. 
 We continue to manage underwriting performance through rate actions, pricing segmentation, specific underwriting actions and targeted new business growth. Our ability to achieve overall rate increases is affected by many factors, including regulatory activity and the competitive pricing environment. See Contingencies and Regulatory Matters. Due to uncertainty caused by the increase in inflation and supply chain disruptions, there is a level of uncertainty in our ability to grow our business and maintain or improve our underwriting profitability in this environment. The extent and duration of these uncertainties are unknown and may result in an increase in claims costs and reduced premium levels. 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Personal Lines 
 Personal Lines net premiums written were 2,232.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2,009.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This 223.2 million increase was primarily driven by renewal price increases and, to a lesser extent, higher new business. 
 Net premiums written in the personal automobile line of business for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,317.2 million, compared to 1,230.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 86.8 million. Personal automobile policies in force increased 5.8 . Net premiums written in the homeowners and other lines of business for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 915.7 million, compared to 779.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 136.4 million. Homeowners policies in force increased 5.6 . 
 Personal Lines underwriting loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 104.2 million, compared to underwriting profit of 65.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an unfavorable change of 169.3 million. Catastrophe losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 176.2 million, compared to 175.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 0.9 million. Unfavorable development on prior years loss reserves for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8.0 million, compared to favorable development of 23.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an unfavorable change of 31.1 million. 
 Personal Lines current accident year underwriting profit, excluding catastrophes, was 80.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 217.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This 137.3 million decrease was primarily due to higher current accident year loss severity in our personal automobile and homeowners lines, partially offset by earned premium growth and lower performance-based agency compensation expenses. We experienced an increase in personal automobile physical damage and property loss frequency compared to the unusually low levels experienced in 2021, as well as an increase in loss severity, driven by inflationary pressures associated with supply chain issues, higher used vehicle prices, and higher cost of parts and other repair costs. In addition, homeowners losses have increased due to higher property severity as a result of higher inflation and higher than usual frequency of large loss activity and non-weather water-related losses. We have experienced inflationary pressures on building material and labor costs, supply chain constraints that increase building and repair times, and increases in lodging and additional living expense reimbursements. 
 We have been able to obtain rate increases in our Personal Lines markets and believe that our ability to obtain increases will continue over the long-term. Our ability to maintain Personal Lines net premiums written may be affected, however, by price competition, and regulatory and legal activity and developments. See Contingencies and Regulatory Matters. Additionally, these factors, along with the aforementioned issues contributing to our recent increase in losses, may also affect our ability to maintain and improve underwriting results. We monitor these trends and consider them in our rate actions. Due to uncertainty caused by the increase in inflation and supply chain disruptions, there is a level of uncertainty in our ability to retain or grow our business and may result in a continued increase in claims costs. 
 Other 
 Our Other segment had operating income of 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 2.9 million. 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Core Commercial 
 Core Commercial net premiums written were 1,864.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 1,726.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 138.6 million. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in rate and exposure activity following the reduction in insured business in 2020 as a result of the Pandemic. 
 Core Commercial underwriting loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 7.5 million, compared to underwriting profit of 57.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 65.0 million. Catastrophe losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 175.5 million, compared to 89.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 85.9 million, primarily due to freeze events in Texas and surrounding states associated with record low temperatures in the first quarter of 2021 and hurricane Ida and several wind and hailstorms in the Midwest in the third quarter of 2021. Favorable development on prior years loss reserves for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 17.8 million, compared to 12.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 5.2 million. 
 Core Commercial current accident year underwriting profit, excluding catastrophes, was 150.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 134.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This 15.7 million increase was primarily due to earned premium growth, partially offset by higher current accident year non-catastrophe losses. The higher non-catastrophe losses were primarily driven by higher loss activity in our commercial multiple peril line. 
 Specialty 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Specialty net premiums written were 1,118.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 1,006.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 112.0 million. This increase was primarily driven by favorable new business activity and an increase in rate and exposure activity following the reduction in insured business in 2020 as a result of the Pandemic. 
 Specialty underwriting profit for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 69.4 million, compared to 48.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 20.6 million. Catastrophe losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 51.8 million, compared to 42.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 9.2 million. Favorable development on prior years loss reserves for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 16.2 million, compared to 6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 9.8 million. 
 Specialty current accident year underwriting profit, excluding catastrophes, was 105.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 85.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This 20.0 million increase was primarily due to earned premium growth and lower expenses. 
 Personal Lines 
 Personal Lines net premiums written were 2,009.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 1,865.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 144.3 million. During the second quarter of 2020, we returned approximately 30 million of premiums to our eligible Personal Lines customers in all our markets, providing financial relief during the Pandemic. In addition, net premiums written grew due to increased new business, retention and, to a lesser extent, renewal rate increases. 
 Net premiums written in the personal automobile line of business for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 1,230.4 million, compared to 1,151.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 78.9 million. Personal automobile policies in force increased 6.1 . Net premiums written in the homeowners and other lines of business for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 779.3 million, compared to 713.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 65.4 million. Homeowners policies in force increased 6.0 . 
 Personal Lines underwriting profit for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 65.1 million, compared to 132.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 67.8 million. Catastrophe losses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 175.3 million, compared to 154.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This 20.8 million increase was primarily due to several wind and hailstorms throughout the Midwest and hurricane Ida during the third quarter of 2021. Favorable development on prior years loss reserves for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 23.1 million, compared to 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 22.4 million. 
 Personal Lines current accident year underwriting profit, excluding catastrophes, was 217.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 286.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This 69.4 million decrease was primarily due to higher current accident year losses and higher expenses, primarily due to a non-recurring premium tax benefit in 2020, partially offset by earned premium growth. The higher current accident year losses in 2021 were attributable to higher personal automobile loss severity and frequency, though 2021 loss frequency was below pre-Pandemic levels. In addition, there were increased weather-related losses in the homeowners line in 2021. 
 Other 
 Our Other segment had operating income of 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to an operating loss of 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a favorable change of 7.1 million. This improvement was primarily due to lower charitable contributions in 2021, compared to the elevated level in 2020. In addition, prior year s results included a 3.3 million reserve increase, based on the receipt of an updated third-party actuarial study for the legacy Excess and Casualty Reinsurance Association ECRA pool. 
 RESERVE FOR LOSSES AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSES 
 Overview of Loss Reserve Estimation Process 
 We maintain reserves for our insurance products to provide for our ultimate liability for losses and loss adjustment expenses (our loss reserves with respect to reported and unreported claims incurred as of the end of each accounting period. These reserves are estimates, taking into account past loss experience, modified for current trends, as well as prevailing economic, legal and social conditions. Loss reserves represent our largest liability. 
 Management s process for establishing loss reserves is a comprehensive process that involves input from multiple functions throughout our organization, including actuarial, finance, claims, legal, underwriting, distribution, and business operations management. The process incorporates facts currently known, as well as the current, and in some cases, the anticipated, state of the law and coverage litigation. Based on information currently available, we believe that the aggregate loss reserves at December 31, 2022 were adequate to cover claims for losses that had occurred as of that date, including both those known to us and those yet to be reported. However, as described below, there are significant uncertainties inherent in the loss reserving process. Our estimate of the ultimate liability for losses that had occurred as of December 31, 2022 is expected to change in future periods as we obtain further information, and such changes could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial position. 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our loss reserves include case estimates for claims that have been reported and estimates for claims that have been incurred but not reported IBNR at the balance sheet date. They also include estimates of the expenses associated with processing and settling all reported and unreported claims, less estimates of anticipated salvage and subrogation recoveries. Our loss reserves are not discounted to present value. 
 Case reserves are established by our claim personnel individually, on a claim by claim basis, and based on information specific to the occurrence and terms of the underlying policy. For some classes of business, average case reserves are used initially. Case reserves are periodically reviewed and modified based on new or additional information pertaining to the claim. 
 Our ultimate IBNR reserves are estimated by management and our reserving actuaries on an aggregate basis for each line of business or coverage for loss and loss expense liabilities not reflected within the case reserves. The sum of the case reserves and the IBNR reserves represents our estimate of total unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. 
 We regularly review our loss reserves using a variety of industry accepted analytical techniques. We update the loss reserves as historical loss experience develops, additional claims are reported and resolved, and new information becomes available. Net changes in loss reserves are reflected in operating results in the period in which the reserves are changed. 
 The IBNR reserve includes both a provision for claims that have occurred but have not yet been reported to us, some of which may not yet be known to the insured, and a provision for future development on reported claims. IBNR represents a significant proportion of our total net loss reserves, particularly for long-tail liability classes. In fact, approximately 52 of our aggregate net loss reserves at December 31, 2022 were for IBNR losses and loss expenses. 
 Critical Judgments and Key Assumptions 
 We determine the amount of our net loss reserves (i.e., net of estimated reinsurance recoverables) based on an estimation process that is complex and considers information from both company specific and industry data, as well as general economic and other information. The estimation process utilizes a combination of objective and subjective information, the blending of which requires significant professional judgment. There are various assumptions required, including future trends in frequency and severity of claims, operational changes in claim handling and case reserving practices, and trends related to general economic and social conditions. Informed judgments as to our ultimate exposure to losses are an integral component of our loss reserve estimation process. 
 There is greater inherent uncertainty in estimating insurance reserves for certain types of property and casualty insurance lines, particularly liability lines, where a longer period of time may elapse before a definitive determination of ultimate liability and losses may be made (sometimes referred to as long-tail business). In addition, the technological, judicial, regulatory and political climates involving these types of claims are continuously evolving. The emergence of the Pandemic during 2020 resulted in an increased level of uncertainty for many lines of business, particularly for our long-tail lines. There is also greater uncertainty in establishing reserves with respect to business that is new to us, particularly new business which is generated with respect to newly introduced product lines, by newly appointed agents or in geographies in which we have less experience in conducting business. In each of these cases, there is less historical experience or knowledge, and less data upon which we can rely. A combination of business that is both new to us and has longer development periods provides even greater uncertainty in estimating insurance reserves. In addition, in recent periods, we have experienced extensions of the tails in certain lines of business as the full value of claims are presented later than had been our historical experience. The broad impact of the Pandemic on our claims environment may extend these tails even further. For example, there have been delays in medical treatments, submission of medical expenses, and deferment of elective medical procedures, which may have worsened insureds health status, and which may result in an increase in our ultimate loss costs. Also, presumptive orders by relevant state authorities may potentially increase workers compensation exposures beyond contractual obligations. 
 We regularly update our reserve estimates as new information becomes available and additional events occur which may impact the resolution of unsettled claims. Reserve adjustments are reflected in the results of operations as adjustments to losses and LAE. Often, these adjustments are recognized in periods subsequent to the period in which the underlying policy was written and the loss event occurred. When these types of subsequent adjustments affect prior years, they are described separately as prior year reserve development. Such development can be either favorable or unfavorable to our financial results and may vary by line of business. As discussed below, estimated loss and LAE reserves for claims occurring in prior years, in the aggregate, developed favorably by 20.6 million, 56.1 million and 15.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, although there was some significant variance by segment. Additionally, our estimated loss and LAE reserves for catastrophe claims occurring in prior years developed favorably by 12.0 million, 15.0 million and 17.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There can be no assurance that current loss and LAE reserves will be sufficient. 
 We regularly review our reserving techniques, our overall reserving position and our reinsurance. Based on (i) our review of historical data, legislative enactments, judicial decisions, legal developments in impositions of damages and policy coverage, political attitudes and trends in general economic conditions, (ii) our review of per claim information, (iii) our historical loss experience and that of the industry, (iv) the nature of policies written by us, and (v) our internal estimates of required reserves, we believe that adequate provision has been made for loss reserves. Given the inherent complexity of our loss reserve estimation process and the potential variability of the assumptions used, the actual emergence of losses will vary, perhaps substantially, from the estimate of losses included in our financial 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 statements, particularly in those instances where settlements or other claim resolutions do not occur until well into the future. Our net loss reserves at December 31, 2022 were 5.3 billion. Therefore, a relatively small percentage change in the estimate of net loss reserves would have a material effect on our results of operations. Similarly, a one percentage point change in the aggregate loss and LAE ratio resulting from a change in reserve estimation is currently projected to have an approximate 53 million impact on operating income, based on 2022 full year premiums written. 
 The major causes of material uncertainty relating to ultimate losses and LAE risk factors generally vary for each line of business, as well as for each separately analyzed component of the line of business. In some cases, such risk factors are explicit assumptions of the estimation method and in others, they are implicit. For example, a method may explicitly assume that a certain percentage of claims will close each year, but will implicitly assume that the legal interpretation of existing contract language will remain substantially unchanged. Actual results will likely vary from expectations for each of these assumptions, resulting in an ultimate claim liability that is different from that being estimated currently. 
 Some risk factors affect multiple lines of business. Examples include changes in claim handling and claim reserving practices, changes in claim settlement patterns due to the Pandemic and other factors, regulatory and legislative actions, court actions, so-called social inflation, timeliness of claim reporting, state mix of claimants and degree of claimant fraud. The extent of the impact of a risk factor will also vary by components within a line of business. Individual risk factors are subject to interactions with other risk factors within line of business components. Thus, risk factors can have offsetting or compounding effects on required reserves. 
 Inflation generally increases the cost of losses covered by insurance contracts. The effect of inflation varies by product. Our insurance premiums are established before the amount of losses and LAE and the extent to which inflation may affect such expenses are known. Consequently, we attempt, in establishing rates and reserves, to anticipate the potential impact of inflation in the projection of ultimate costs. For example, we monitor, and continue to experience, increases in medical costs, wages, and legal costs, all of which are key considerations in setting reserve assumptions for workers compensation, bodily injury and other liability lines. We are also monitoring the continued advancements in technology and design found in automobiles and homes, and the increased claims settlement costs that result from labor shortages, and repairs or replacement of such equipment impacted by supply chain disruptions, which could lead to material shortages and elevated prices of building materials. Estimated increases are reflected in our current reserve estimates, but continued increases are expected to contribute to increased losses and LAE in the future. 
 We are also defendants in various litigation matters, including putative class actions, which may seek punitive damages, bad faith or extra-contractual damages, legal fees and interest, or claim a broader scope of policy coverage or settlement and payment obligations than our interpretation. Resolution of these cases is often highly unpredictable and could involve material unanticipated damage awards. We have experienced, and others in the industry have reported, increased attorney involvement in claims including Pandemic-related matters, delayed submissions of medical and other expense claims, court closures resulting in delayed claim settlements, and a trend toward higher valued settlements and litigation, all of which contribute to uncertainty regarding reserve estimates. 
 Loss and LAE Reserves by Line of Business 
 Reserving Process Overview 
 Our loss reserves include amounts related to short-tail and long-tail classes of business. Tail refers to the time period between the occurrence of a loss and the final settlement of the claim. The longer the time span between the incidence of a loss and the settlement of the claim (i.e., a longer tail), the more the ultimate settlement amount may likely vary from our original estimate. 
 Short-tail classes consist principally of automobile physical and property damage, commercial property, homeowners property and marine business. For these property coverages, claims are generally reported and settled shortly after the loss occurs because the claims relate to tangible property and are more likely to be discovered shortly after the loss occurs. Consequently, the estimation of loss reserves for these classes is generally less complex. However, the estimation of loss reserves for these classes is more complex during periods of persistent supply chain disruptions and significant inflation in the U.S. economy, as was experienced during 2022. 
 While we estimate that approximately half of our written premium is in, what we would characterize as, shorter-tail classes of business, most of our loss reserves relate to longer-tail liability classes of business. Long-tailed classes include automobile liability, commercial liability, third-party coverage and workers compensation. For many liability claims, significant periods of time, ranging up to several years or more, may elapse between the occurrence of the loss, the discovery and reporting of the loss to us and the settlement of the claim. As a result, loss experience in the more recent accident years for long-tailed liability coverage has limited statistical credibility because a relatively small proportion of losses in these accident years (the calendar years in which losses are incurred) are reported claims and an even smaller proportion are paid losses. Liability claims are also more susceptible to litigation and can be significantly affected by changing contract interpretations, the legal, political and social environment, the risk and expense of protracted litigation, and inflation. Consequently, the estimation of loss reserves for these coverages is more complex and typically subject to a higher degree of variability and uncertainty compared to short-tailed coverages. 
 Most of our indirect business from our run-off voluntary and ongoing involuntary pools is assumed long-tailed casualty reinsurance. Reserve estimates for this business are therefore subject to the variability caused by extended loss emergence periods. The estimation 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 of loss reserves for this business is further complicated by delays between the time the claim is reported to the ceding insurer and when it is reported by the ceding insurer to the pool manager and then to us, and by our dependence on the quality and consistency of the loss reporting by the ceding company and actuarial estimates by the pool manager. These reserving factors also apply to our discontinued assumed accident and health reinsurance pools and arrangements that are included in our liabilities of discontinued businesses (See Risk Factors in Part I Item 1A for further discussion). 
 A review of loss reserves for each of the classes of business in which we write is conducted regularly, generally quarterly. This review process takes into consideration a variety of trends that impact the ultimate settlement of claims. Where appropriate, the review includes a review of overall payment patterns and the emergence of paid and reported losses relative to expectations. 
 The loss reserve estimation process relies on the basic assumption that past experience, adjusted for the effects of current developments and likely trends, is an appropriate basis for predicting future outcomes. As part of this process, we use a variety of analytical methods that consider experience, trends and other relevant factors. IBNR reserves are generally calculated by first projecting the ultimate cost of all claims that have been reported or expected to be reported in the future and then subtracting reported losses and loss expenses. Reported losses include cumulative paid losses and loss expenses plus case reserves. Within the loss reserving process, standard actuarial methods which include: (1) loss development factor methods; (2) expected loss methods (Bornheutter-Ferguson); and (3) adjusted loss methods (Berquist-Sherman), are given due consideration. These methods are described below: 
 Loss development factor methods generally assume that the losses yet to emerge for an accident year are proportional to the paid or reported loss amount observed to date. Historical patterns of the development of paid and reported losses by accident year can be predictive of the expected future patterns that are applied to current paid and reported losses to generate estimated ultimate losses by accident year. 

Bornheutter-Ferguson methods utilize the product of the expected ultimate losses times the proportion of ultimate losses estimated to be unreported or unpaid to calculate IBNR. The expected ultimate losses are based upon current estimates of ultimate losses from prior accident years, adjusted to reflect expected earned premium, current rating, claims cost levels and changes in business mix. The expected losses, and corresponding loss ratios, are a critical component of Bornheutter-Ferguson methodologies and provide a general reasonability guide. 

Berquist-Sherman methods are used for estimating reserves in business lines where historical development patterns may be deemed less reliable for more recent accident years ultimate losses. Under these methods, patterns of historical paid or reported losses are first adjusted to reflect current payment settlement patterns and case reserve adequacy and then evaluated in the same manner as the loss development factor methods described above. When the adequacy of case reserves change, the Berquist-Sherman incurred method may be deemed more reliable than the reported loss development factor method. Likewise, when the settlement patterns change, the Berquist-Sherman paid method may be deemed more reliable than the paid loss development factor method. 

In addition to the methods described above, various tailored reserving methodologies are used for certain businesses. For example, for some low volume and high volatility classes of business, special reserving techniques are utilized that estimate IBNR by selecting the loss ratio that balances actual reported losses to expected reported losses as defined by the estimated underlying reporting pattern. Also, for some classes with long exposure periods (e.g., construction defect, engineering and surety), earnings patterns plus an estimated reporting lag applied to the Bornheutter-Ferguson initial expected loss ratio are used to estimate IBNR. This is done in order to reflect the changing average exposure periods by policy year (and consequently accident year). 
 In completing the loss reserve analysis, a variety of assumptions must be made for each line of business, coverage and accident year. Each estimation method has its own pattern, parameter and/or judgmental dependencies, with no estimation method being better than the others in all situations. The relative strengths and weaknesses of the various estimation methods, when applied to a particular class of business, can also change over time, depending on the underlying circumstances. In many cases, multiple estimation methods will be valid for the particular facts and circumstances of the relevant class of business. The manner of application and the degree of reliance on a given method will vary by line of business and coverage, and by accident year based on an evaluation of the above dependencies and the potential volatility of the loss frequency and severity patterns. The estimation methods selected or given weight at a particular valuation date are those that are believed to produce the most reliable indication for the loss reserves being evaluated. Selections incorporate input from claims personnel, pricing actuaries, and underwriting management on loss cost trends and other factors that could affect ultimate losses. 
 For most classes of shorter-tailed business in our Core Commercial, Specialty and Personal Lines segments, the emergence of paid and incurred losses generally exhibits a relatively stable pattern of loss development from one accident year to the next. Thus, for these classes, the loss development factor method is generally appropriate. For some of the classes of shorter-tailed business, the emergence of paid and incurred losses may exhibit a relatively volatile pattern of loss development from one accident year to the next. In these cases where there is a relatively low level of reliability placed on the available paid and incurred loss data, expected loss methods or adjusted loss methods are considered appropriate for the most recent accident year. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 For longer-tailed lines of business, applying the loss development factor method often requires even more judgment in selecting development factors, as well as more significant extrapolation. For those long-tailed lines of business with high frequency and relatively low per-loss severity (e.g., personal automobile liability), volatility will often be sufficiently modest for the loss development factor method to be given significant weight, even in the most recent accident years, but expected loss methods and adjusted loss methods are always considered and frequently utilized in the selection process. For those long-tailed lines of business with low frequency and high loss potential (e.g., commercial general liability), anticipated loss experience is less predictable because of the small number of claims and erratic claim severity patterns. In these situations, the loss development factor methods may not produce a reliable estimate of ultimate losses in the most recent accident years since many claims either have not yet been reported or are only in the early stages of the settlement process. Therefore, the loss reserve estimates for these accident years may be based on methods less reliant on extrapolation, such as Bornheutter-Ferguson. Over time, as a greater number of claims are reported and the statistical credibility of loss experience increases, loss development factor methods or adjusted loss methods are given increasing weight. 
 Management endeavors to apply as much available data as practicable to estimate the loss reserve amount for each line of business, coverage and accident year, utilizing varying assumptions, projections and methods. The ultimate outcome is expected to fall within a range of potential outcomes around this loss reserve estimated amount. 
 Our carried reserves for each line of business and coverage are determined based on our quarterly loss reserving process. In making the determination, we consider numerous quantitative and qualitative factors. Quantitative factors include changes in reserve estimates in the period, the maturity of the accident year, trends observed over the recent past, the level of volatility within a particular class of business, the estimated effects of reinsurance, including reinstatement premiums, general economic trends, and other factors. Qualitative factors may include legal and regulatory developments, changes in claim handling and case reserving practices, recent entry into new markets or products, changes in underwriting practices or business mix, concerns that we do not have sufficient or quality historical reported and paid loss and LAE information with respect to a particular line or segment of our business, effects of the economy and political outlook, perceived anomalies in the historical results, evolving trends or other factors, such as the impact of the Pandemic. In doing so, we must evaluate whether a change in the data represents credible actionable information or an anomaly. Such an assessment requires considerable judgment. Even if a change is determined to be apparent, it is not always possible to determine the extent of the change. As a result, there can be a time lag between the emergence of a change and a determination that the change should be partially or fully reflected in the carried loss reserves. In general, changes are made more quickly to reserves for more mature accident years and less volatile classes of business. 
 Reserving Process Uncertainties 
 As stated above, numerous factors (both internal and external) contribute to the inherent uncertainty in the process of establishing loss reserves, including changes in the rate of inflation for goods and services related to insured damages (e.g., medical care, home and automobile repairs, etc.), changes in the judicial interpretation of policy provisions and settlement obligations, changes in the general attitude of juries in determining damage awards, legislative actions, such as expanding liability, coverage mandates or expanding or suspending statutes of limitations which otherwise limit the times within which claims can be made, changes in the extent of insured injuries, changes in the trend of expected frequency and/or severity of claims, changes in our book of business (e.g., change in mix due to new or modified product offerings, new or rapidly expanding geographic areas, etc.), changes in our underwriting practices, and changes in claim handling procedures and/or systems. Regarding our indirect business from voluntary and involuntary pools, we are periodically provided loss estimates by managers of each pool. We adopt reserve estimates for the pools that consider this information and other facts. 
 In addition, we must consider the uncertain effects of emerging or potential claims and coverage issues that arise as legal, judicial and social conditions, political risks, and economic conditions change. For example, claims which we consider closed may be re-opened as additional damages surface or new liability or damage theories are presented. Also, historically, we have observed more frequent and higher severity in workers compensation, bodily injury and other liability claims and more credit-related losses (for example, in our surety business) during periods of economic uncertainty or high unemployment. Economic and labor force dynamics have resulted in many experienced workers retiring from their positions, who have been replaced with newly skilled workers, which could result in more workplace accidents. These, and other issues, could have a negative effect on our loss reserves by either extending coverage beyond the original underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims. 
 As part of our loss reserving analysis, we consider the various factors that contribute to the uncertainty in the loss reserving process. Those factors that could materially affect our loss reserve estimates include loss development patterns and loss cost trends, reporting lags, rate and exposure level changes, the effects of changes in coverage and policy limits, business mix shifts, the effects of regulatory and legislative developments, economic circumstances, the effects of changes in judicial interpretations, the effects of emerging claims and coverage issues, and the effects of changes in claim handling and claim reserving practices. In making estimates of reserves, however, we do not necessarily make an explicit assumption for each of these factors. Moreover, all estimation methods do not utilize the same assumptions and typically no single method is determinative in the reserve analysis for a line of business and coverage. Consequently, changes in our loss reserve estimates generally are not the result of changes in any one assumption. Instead, the variability will be affected by the interplay of changes in numerous assumptions, many of which are implicit to the approaches used. 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 For each line of business and coverage, we regularly adjust the assumptions and methods used in the estimation of loss reserves in response to our actual loss experience, as well as our judgments regarding changes in trends and/or emerging patterns. In those instances where we primarily utilize analyses of historical patterns of the development of paid and reported losses, this may be reflected, for example, in the selection of revised loss development factors. In longer-tailed classes of business and for which loss experience is less predictable due to potential changes in judicial interpretations, potential legislative actions, the cost of litigation or determining liability and the ultimate loss, inflation, potential claims, shifting claim settlement patterns due to delayed court proceedings, and other issues, this may be reflected in a judgmental change in our estimate of ultimate losses for particular accident years. Most of the insurance policies we have written over many years are written on an occurrence basis, which means we insure specified acts or events which occurred during the covered period, even if claims first arise from such events many years later. For example, the industry incurred significant losses as a result of claims arising from asbestos and environmental damage which occurred decades ago and was not known at such time, and in many cases policy limits were available for each year during which such occurrence policies were in place. 
 Uncertainties with respect to the impact of the Pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our carried loss reserves. While we believe that our in-force Core Commercial and Specialty policies in large part do not cover business interruption losses related to the Pandemic, legislation has been discussed and introduced to retroactively amend insurance contracts to provide business interruption coverage, to impose presumptions on insurance policy interpretation, and/or limit policy exclusions for losses allegedly related to the Pandemic. If these changes were to be enacted and upheld, we would be exposed to a significant unfunded liability. 
 The future impact of the various factors that contribute to the uncertainty in the loss reserving process is impossible to predict. There is potential for significant variation in the development of loss reserves, particularly for long-tailed classes of business and classes of business that are more vulnerable to economic or political risks. 
 Reserving Process for Catastrophe Events 
 The estimation of claims and claims expense reserves for catastrophes is also comprised of estimates of losses from reported claims and IBNR, primarily for damage to property. In general, our estimates for catastrophe reserves are determined on an event basis by considering various sources of available information, including specific loss estimates reported to us based on claim adjuster inspections, overall industry loss estimates, our internal data regarding exposures related to the geographical location of the event and estimates of potential subrogation recoveries. However, depending on the nature of the catastrophe, the estimation process can be further complicated by other impediments. For example, for hurricanes and other severe wind storms and wildfires, complications often include the inability of insureds to promptly report losses, delays in the ability of claims adjusting staff to inspect losses, difficulties in determining whether wind storm losses are covered by our homeowners policy (generally for damage caused by wind or wind driven rain) or are specifically excluded from coverage caused by flood, challenges in estimating additional living expenses, assessing the impact of demand surge, exposure to mold or smoke damage, and the effects of numerous other considerations. Another example is the complication of estimating the cost of business interruption coverage on Core Commercial and Specialty policies. Estimates for catastrophes which occur at or near the end of a financial reporting period, for example Winter Storm Elliott in December 2022, may be even less reliable since we will have less claims data available and little time to complete our estimation process. In such situations, we may adapt our practices to accommodate the circumstances. 
 For events designated as catastrophes, we generally calculate IBNR reserves directly as a result of an estimated IBNR claim count and an estimated average claim amount for each event. Such an assessment involves a comprehensive analysis of the nature of the event, of policyholder exposures within the affected geographic area and of available claims intelligence. Depending on the nature of the event, available claims intelligence could include surveys of field claims associates within the affected geographic area, aerial photographs of the affected area, feedback from a catastrophe claims team sent into the area, as well as data on claims reported as of the financial statement date. In addition, loss emergence from similar historical events is compared to the estimated IBNR for our current catastrophe events to help assess the reasonableness of our estimates. However, in some cases, it may be difficult to estimate certain catastrophe losses which are unique and do not have instances of historical precedence, such as the property damage arising from the 2020 riots and civil unrest. 
 Reserving Sensitivity Analysis 
 The following discussion presents disclosure related to possible variation in net reserve estimates (i.e., net of estimated reinsurance recoverables) due to changes in key assumptions. This information is provided for illustrative purposes only. Many other assumptions may also lead to material reserve adjustments. If any such variations do occur, then they would likely occur over a period of several years and therefore their impact on our results of operations would be recognized during the same periods. It is important to note, however, that there is the potential for future variations greater than the amounts described below and for any such variations to be recognized in a single quarterly or annual period. No consideration has been given to potential correlation or lack of correlation among key assumptions or among lines of business and coverage as described below. As a result, and because there are so many other factors which affect our net reserve estimate, it would be inappropriate to take the amounts described below and simply add them together in an attempt to estimate volatility in total. While we believe these are reasonably possible scenarios, the following sensitivity analysis is not illustrative of a net reserve range. 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Personal and Commercial Automobile Bodily Injury loss reserves recorded for bodily injury on voluntary business were 845.6 million as of December 31, 2022. A key assumption for bodily injury is the inflation rate underlying the estimated reserve. A five point change (e.g., 3 changed to 8 or -2 in the embedded inflation rate would have changed total reserves by approximately 85 million, either positive or negative, at December 31, 2022. 

Personal Automobile Personal Injury Protection Medical Payment loss reserves recorded for personal injury protection medical payment on voluntary business were 122.0 million as of December 31, 2022, of which approximately 90 relate to Michigan policies. A key assumption for this coverage is the inflation rate underlying the estimated reserve. Given the long reporting pattern for this line of business, an additional key assumption is the amount of additional development required to reach full maturity, thereby reflecting ultimate costs, as represented by the tail factor. A five point change in the embedded inflation rate (e.g., 6 changed to 11 or 1 and a one point change to the tail factor assumption (e.g., 1 changed to 0 or 2 would have changed total reserves by approximately 42 million, either positive or negative, at December 31, 2022. 

Workers Compensation loss reserves recorded for workers compensation on voluntary business were 481.2 million as of December 31, 2022. A key assumption for workers compensation is the inflation rate underlying the estimated reserve. Given the long reporting pattern for this line of business, an additional key assumption is the amount of additional development required to reach full maturity, thereby reflecting ultimate costs, as represented by the tail factor. A five point change in the embedded inflation rate (e.g., 4 changed to 9 or -1 and a one point change to the tail factor assumption (e.g., 2 changed to 1 or 3 would have changed total reserves by approximately 156 million, either positive or negative, at December 31, 2022. 

Monoline and Multiple Peril General Liability loss reserves recorded for monoline and multiple peril general liability on voluntary business were approximately 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2022. A key assumption for monoline and multiple peril general liability is the implied adequacy of the underlying case reserves. A ten point change in case adequacy (e.g., 10 deficiency changed to 0 or 20 deficiency) would have changed total reserves by approximately 138 million, either positive or negative, at December 31, 2022. 

Specialty Programs - loss reserves recorded for Hanover Programs were 303.2 million as of December 31, 2022. Two key assumptions underlying the actuarial reserve analysis for specialty programs are the inflation rate underlying the estimated reserve for our commercial automobile liability, general liability and workers' compensation coverages, as well as the tail factor selection for workers' compensation. A five point change to the embedded inflation rate for the aforementioned coverages (e.g., 4 changed to 9 or -1 ), and a one point change in the workers' compensation tail factor on Hanover Programs (e.g., 0.1 changed to 1.1 or -0.9 would have changed total reserves by approximately 57 million, either positive or negative, at December 31, 2022. 

Carried Reserves and Reserve Rollforward 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of the gross beginning and ending reserve for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 

Gross reserve for losses and LAE, beginning of year 

6,447.6 

6,024.0 

5,654.4 

Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses 

1,693.8 

1,641.6 

1,574.8 

Net reserve for losses and LAE, beginning of year 

4,753.8 

4,382.4 

4,079.6 

Net incurred losses and LAE in respect of losses occurring in: 

Current year 

3,656.0 

3,205.3 

2,877.8 

Prior year non-catastrophe development 

(20.6) 

(56.1) 

(15.5) 

Prior year catastrophe development 

(12.0) 

(15.0) 

(17.1) 

Total incurred losses and LAE 

3,623.4 

3,134.2 

2,845.2 

Net payments of losses and LAE in respect of losses occurring in: 

Current year 

1,578.9 

1,464.1 

1,347.7 

Prior years 

1,534.3 

1,298.7 

1,194.7 

Total payments 

3,113.2 

2,762.8 

2,542.4 

Net reserve for losses and LAE, end of year 

5,264.0 

4,753.8 

4,382.4 

Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses 

1,748.6 

1,693.8 

1,641.6 

Gross reserve for losses and LAE, end of year 

7,012.6 

6,447.6 

6,024.0 

50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes the gross reserve for losses and LAE by line of business and division. 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 

Commercial multiple peril 

1,556.6 

1,338.4 

1,183.9 

Workers compensation 

735.0 

698.5 

676.6 

Commercial automobile 

477.7 

473.1 

445.0 

Other core commercial 

581.6 

481.0 

421.5 

Total Core Commercial 

3,350.9 

2,991.0 

2,727.0 

Specialty Property Casualty 

820.6 

798.6 

681.7 

Professional and Executive Lines 

529.3 

494.9 

424.0 

Marine 

136.0 

122.5 

118.6 

Surety and Other 

112.2 

106.0 

98.3 

Total Specialty 

1,598.1 

1,522.0 

1,322.6 

Personal automobile 

1,633.2 

1,590.7 

1,670.3 

Homeowners and Other 

364.9 

277.7 

237.5 

Total Personal Lines 

1,998.1 

1,868.4 

1,907.8 

Total Other 

65.5 

66.2 

66.6 

Total loss and LAE reserves 

7,012.6 

6,447.6 

6,024.0 

Loss and LAE reserves in our Other core commercial lines include monoline general liability, commercial umbrella, and monoline property. Specialty Property Casualty includes program business, specialty industrial and commercial property, excess and surplus lines and specialty general liability coverage. Professional and Executive Lines includes professional and management liability, fidelity and crime, and other property and liability lines for healthcare firms. Loss and LAE reserves in our Total Other segment relate to our run-off voluntary assumed property and casualty reinsurance pools business and our run-off direct asbestos and environmental business. 
 Prior Year Development 
 Conditions and trends that have affected reserve development in the past will not necessarily recur in the future. As discussed under Reserving Process Overview in the preceding section, our historical loss experience and loss development patterns are important factors in estimating loss reserves, however, they are not the only factors we evaluate to establish reserves. Therefore, a mechanical application of standard actuarial methodologies in projecting ultimate claims could result in materially different reserves to those held. Accordingly, it is not appropriate to extrapolate future favorable or unfavorable development based on amounts experienced in prior periods. 
 The following table summarizes prior year (favorable) unfavorable development by segment for the periods indicated: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 
 
 Loss LAE 

Catastrophe 

Total 

Loss LAE 

Catastrophe 

Total 

Loss LAE 

Catastrophe 

Total 

Core Commercial 

(10.3) 

(17.3) 

(27.6) 

(17.8) 

(9.7) 

(27.5) 

(12.6) 

(14.7) 

(27.3) 

Specialty 

(19.5) 

(8.7) 

(28.2) 

(16.2) 

(2.3) 

(18.5) 

(6.4) 

(4.1) 

(10.5) 

Personal Lines 

8.0 

14.0 

22.0 

(23.1) 

(3.0) 

(26.1) 

(0.7) 

1.7 

1.0 

Other 

1.2 

1.2 

1.0 

1.0 

4.2 

4.2 

Total prior year favorable development 

(20.6) 

(12.0) 

(32.6) 

(56.1) 

(15.0) 

(71.1) 

(15.5) 

(17.1) 

(32.6) 

Catastrophe Loss Development 
 In 2022, favorable catastrophe development was 12.0 million, primarily due to lower than expected losses related to 2021 hurricane Ida. In 2021, favorable catastrophe development was 15.0 million, primarily due to lower than expected losses related to certain 2018 through 2020 hurricanes, tornadoes, and other storms. In 2020, favorable catastrophe development was 17.1 million, primarily due to lower than expected losses related to certain 2017, 2018, and 2019 wind storms, winter storms and hurricanes, and the 2017 and 2018 California wildfires. 
 2022 Loss and LAE Development, excluding catastrophes 
 In 2022, net favorable loss and LAE development, excluding catastrophes, was 20.6 million. Core Commercial favorable development of 10.3 million was primarily due to lower than expected losses of 32.1 million within the workers compensation line in accident years 2013 through 2018 and 2020. This was partially offset by higher than expected losses of 18.2 million in our commercial automobile line driven by higher bodily injury and personal injury protection loss adjustment expenses and loss severity in accident 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 years 2016, 2018, 2019, and 2021 due in part to an increased rate of litigated claims. Specialty favorable development of 19.5 million was primarily due to lower than expected losses of 25.1 million within our Professional and Executive division, lower than expected losses of 14.5 million in our surety line, and lower than expected losses in our Marine division, partially offset by higher than expected losses of 27.4 million in our Specialty P C division. Within Specialty P C, higher than expected losses of 32.9 million in program business were partially offset by lower than expected losses in our specialty industrial line. The higher losses in program business were primarily driven by general liability coverages, the majority of which relate to programs that are in run-off and those for which we have initiated non-renewal. Personal Lines unfavorable development of 8.0 million was primarily due to higher than expected losses in the homeowners line, primarily in accident year 2021. The increase in homeowners losses was primarily due to higher severity and longer cycle times in repair activity, primarily related to claims incurred in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 2021 Loss and LAE Development, excluding catastrophes 
 In 2021, net favorable loss and LAE development, excluding catastrophes, was 56.1 million. Core Commercial favorable development of 17.8 million was primarily due to lower than expected losses of 22.3 million within the workers compensation line in accident years 2014 through 2020. Specialty favorable development of 16.2 million was primarily due to lower than expected losses within our surety line, primarily in accident years 2013 through 2016, 2018 and 2019, and lower than expected losses in our Marine division in accident years 2019 and 2020, partially offset by higher than expected losses in our general liability lines. Personal Lines favorable development of 23.1 million was primarily due to lower than expected losses of 23.5 million in the personal automobile line, driven by lower bodily injury and personal injury protection losses, primarily in accident year 2020. 
 2020 Loss and LAE Development, excluding catastrophes 
 In 2020, net favorable loss and LAE development, excluding catastrophes, was 15.5 million. Core Commercial favorable development of 12.6 million was primarily due to lower than expected losses of 34.9 million within the workers compensation line in accident years 2016 through 2019. This was partially offset by higher than expected losses in our commercial automobile line driven by higher bodily injury and personal protection losses, primarily in accident years 2017 through 2019, and in our commercial multiple peril line, primarily in accident years 2017 and 2019. Specialty favorable development of 6.4 million was primarily due to lower than expected losses in our Marine division, in accident years 2017 through 2019, partially offset by higher than expected losses in our general liability lines. In addition, the adverse prior year development in Other was due to our run-off voluntary assumed property and casualty reinsurance pools business primarily based on an updated third-party actuarial study received in the first quarter of 2020 for the legacy ECRA pool that consists primarily of asbestos and environmental exposures. 
 Asbestos and Environmental Reserves 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 11.9 million of net asbestos and environmental reserves, comprised of 9.8 million of direct reserves and 2.1 million of assumed reinsurance pool reserves. This compares to net reserves of 11.7 million and 39.8 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Ending loss and LAE reserves for all direct business written by our insurance companies related to asbestos and environmental damage liability were 9.8 million, 9.6 million and 8.3 million, net of reinsurance of 16.8 million, 16.7 million and 17.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Activity for our direct asbestos and environmental reserves was not significant to our 2022, 2021 or 2020 financial results. As a result of our historical direct underwriting mix of Core Commercial and Specialty policies toward smaller and middle market risks, past asbestos and environmental damage liability loss experience has remained minimal in relation to our total loss and LAE incurred experience. Although we attempt to limit our exposures to asbestos and environmental damage liability through specific policy exclusions, we have been, and may continue to be, subject to claims related to these exposures. 
 In addition to reserves we carry to cover exposure in our direct business, we have established gross and net loss and LAE reserves for assumed reinsurance pool business with asbestos and environmental damage liability. As of December 31, 2022, we had 30.5 million of gross reserves and 2.1 million of net reserves for assumed reinsurance pool business. This compares to 31.0 million of gross loss and LAE reserves and 2.1 million of net loss and LAE reserves at December 31, 2021, and gross and net loss and LAE reserves of 31.5 million at December 31, 2020. These reserves relate to pools in which we have terminated our participation; however, we continue to be subject to claims related to years in which we were a participant. Results of operations from these pools are included in our Other segment. A significant part of our gross pool reserves relates to our participation in the ECRA voluntary pool. In 1982, the pool was dissolved and since that time, the business has been in run-off. During 2021, we entered into an agreement to transfer our ECRA pool participations to a third-party reinsurer. This transfer was executed through a 100 reinsurance arrangement for our ECRA claim liability participations written during the period 1950 to 1982. This transaction had no significant impact on our 2021 results of operations. 
 We estimate our ultimate liability for asbestos, environmental and toxic tort liability claims, whether resulting from direct business, assumed reinsurance or pool business, based upon currently known facts, reasonable assumptions where the facts are not known, current law, and methodologies currently available. Although these outstanding claims are not believed to be significant, their existence gives rise to uncertainty and are discussed because of the possibility that they may become significant. We believe that, notwithstanding the evolution of case law expanding liability in asbestos and environmental claims, recorded reserves related to these claims are adequate. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Nevertheless, the asbestos, environmental and toxic tort liability reserves could be revised, and any such revisions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular quarterly or annual period, or on our financial position. 
 Reinsurance Recoverables 
 Reinsurance recoverables were 1,964.5 million and 1,907.3 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, of which 111.1 million and 100.4 million, respectively, represent billed recoverables. A reinsurance recoverable is billed after an eligible reinsured claim is paid by an insurer. Billed reinsurance recoverables related to the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association (the MCCA were 50.7 million and 49.8 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and billed non-MCCA reinsurance recoverables totaled 60.4 million and 50.6 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no billed non-MCCA recoverables outstanding greater than 90 days. 
 INVEST MENTS 
 INVESTMENT RESULTS 
 Net investment income before income taxes was as follows: 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in millions) 

Fixed maturities 

239.3 

216.9 

222.5 

Limited partnerships 

35.7 

68.2 

16.7 

Mortgage loans 

16.1 

18.0 

17.5 

Equity securities 

12.0 

15.6 

14.8 

Other investments 

4.6 

3.0 

3.2 

Investment expenses 

(11.4) 

(11.0) 

(9.6) 

Net investment income 

296.3 

310.7 

265.1 

Earned yield, fixed maturities 

3.04 

2.99 

3.33 

Earned yield, total portfolio 

3.29 

3.70 

3.35 

The decrease in net investment income in 2022 was primarily due to lower limited partnership income, partially offset by the continued investment of operational cash flows and the impact of higher new money yields. The increase in net investment income in 2021 was primarily due to higher limited partnership income and, to a lesser extent, the continued investment of operational cash flows, partially offset by the impact of lower money yields. Income from partnerships can vary significantly from year to year based on the performance in the underlying portfolios. Lower income from our limited partnerships in 2022 reflects a more normalized return environment as compared to 2021, where performance was driven by substantial valuation increases across all private capital strategies, and which results are not indicative of the long-term targeted returns for this asset class. Partnership results in 2020, particularly early in the year, were negatively impacted by Pandemic-related business and financial market disruptions. 
 INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO 
 We held cash and investment assets diversified across several asset classes, as follows: 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 Carrying Value 

of Total Carrying Value 

Carrying Value 

of Total Carrying Value 

Fixed maturities, at fair value 

7,481.8 

84.9 

7,723.9 

82.3 

Limited partnerships and other investments 

397.5 

4.5 

333.4 

3.6 

Mortgage and other loans 

388.6 

4.4 

434.0 

4.6 

Equity securities, at fair value 

241.9 

2.7 

661.3 

7.0 

Cash and cash equivalents 

305.0 

3.5 

230.9 

2.5 

Total cash and investments 

8,814.8 

100.0 

9,383.5 

100.0 

CASH AND INVESTMENTS 
 Total cash and investments decreased 568.7 million, or 6.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to net market value depreciation and the funding of financing activities, including our dividend payments and stock repurchases, partially offset by the continued investment of operational cashflows. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The following table provides information about the investment types of our fixed maturities portfolio: 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

(in millions) 

Investment Type 
 
 Amortized Cost, net of Allowance for Credit Losses 

Fair Value 

Net Unrealized Loss 

Change in Net Unrealized for the Year 

U.S. Treasury and government agencies 

478.9 

420.2 

(58.7) 

(60.6) 

Foreign government 

2.3 

2.2 

(0.1) 

(0.5) 

Municipals: 

Taxable 

1,218.4 

1,055.7 

(162.7) 

(186.5) 

Tax-exempt 

21.1 

20.4 

(0.7) 

(1.5) 

Corporate 

4,064.3 

3,729.9 

(334.4) 

(493.3) 

Asset-backed: 

Residential mortgage-backed 

1,215.3 

1,073.8 

(141.5) 

(142.9) 

Commercial mortgage-backed 

924.1 

836.4 

(87.7) 

(109.7) 

Asset-backed 

370.1 

343.2 

(26.9) 

(26.8) 

Total fixed maturities 

8,294.5 

7,481.8 

(812.7) 

(1,021.8) 

The change in net unrealized loss on fixed maturities was primarily due to higher prevailing interest rates and, to a lesser extent, wider credit spreads. 
 Amortized cost and fair value by rating category were as follows: 

DECEMBER 31 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in millions) NAIC Designation 
 
 Rating Agency Equivalent Designation 
 
 Amortized Cost, net of Allowance for Credit Losses 

Fair Value 

of Total Fair Value 

Amortized Cost, net of Allowance for Credit Losses 

Fair Value 

of Total Fair Value 

1 
 
 Aaa/Aa/A 

5,761.4 

5,192.4 

69.4 

4,867.5 

4,987.6 

64.6 

2 
 
 Baa 

2,177.1 

1,949.4 

26.1 

2,302.2 

2,380.4 

30.8 

3 
 
 Ba 

160.3 

153.4 

2.0 

216.9 

225.2 

2.9 

4 
 
 B 

178.9 

171.3 

2.3 

123.2 

125.3 

1.6 

5 
 
 Caa and lower 

15.0 

14.2 

0.2 

5.0 

5.4 

0.1 

6 
 
 In or near default 

1.8 

1.1 

Total fixed maturities 

8,294.5 

7,481.8 

100.0 

7,514.8 

7,723.9 

100.0 

Based on ratings by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC ), approximately 96 and 95 of our fixed maturity portfolio consisted of investment-grade securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The quality of our fixed maturity portfolio remains strong based on ratings, capital structure position, support through guarantees, underlying security, issuer diversification and yield curve position. 
 Our investment portfolio primarily consists of fixed maturity securities whose fair value is susceptible to market risk, including interest rate changes. See also Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Duration is a measurement used to quantify our inherent interest rate risk and analyze invested assets relative to our reserve liabilities. 
 The duration of our fixed maturity portfolio was as follows: 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

(dollars in millions) Duration 
 
 Amortized Cost, net of Allowance for Credit Losses 

Fair Value 

of Total Fair Value 

Amortized Cost, net of Allowance for Credit Losses 

Fair Value 

of Total Fair Value 

0-2 years 

1,614.2 

1,580.3 

21.1 

1,080.2 

1,108.3 

14.3 

2-4 years 

2,170.6 

2,056.8 

27.5 

1,581.1 

1,660.9 

21.5 

4-6 years 

2,044.2 

1,850.6 

24.8 

2,263.8 

2,349.0 

30.4 

6-8 years 

2,004.3 

1,638.7 

21.9 

1,603.8 

1,622.4 

21.0 

8-10 years 

339.5 

263.6 

3.5 

854.9 

846.5 

11.0 

10+ years 

121.7 

91.8 

1.2 

131.0 

136.8 

1.8 

Total fixed maturities 

8,294.5 

7,481.8 

100.0 

7,514.8 

7,723.9 

100.0 

Weighted average duration 

4.3 

4.9 

Our fixed maturity and equity securities are carried at fair value. Financial instruments whose value was determined using significant management judgment or estimation constituted less than 1 of the total assets we measured at fair value. See also Note 4 - Fair Value in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Limited partnerships and other investments consist primarily of our interest in corporate middle market and real estate limited partnerships. Corporate middle market limited partnerships may invest in senior or subordinated debt, preferred or common equity or a combination thereof, of privately-held middle market businesses. Real estate limited partnerships hold equity ownership positions in real properties and invest in debt secured by real properties. Our limited partnerships are generally accounted for under the equity method, or as a practical expedient using the fund s net asset value, with financial information provided by the partnership on a two or three month lag. 
 Mortgage and other loans consist of commercial mortgage loan participations, which represent our interest in commercial mortgage loans originated by a third-party. We share, on a pro-rata basis, in all related cash flows of the underlying mortgage loans, which are primarily investment-grade quality and diversified by geographic area and property type. 
 Equity securities primarily consist of U.S. income-oriented large capitalization common stocks and a broadly diversified U.S. equity index exchange-traded fund. 
 Although we expect to invest new funds primarily in investment-grade fixed maturities, we have invested, and expect to continue to invest, a portion of funds in below investment grade fixed maturities, limited partnerships, common equity securities and other investment assets. 
 We deposit funds with various state and governmental authorities. See Note 2 Investments in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 IMPAIRMENTS 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized net impairments of 16.7 million, 0.7 million and 26.3 million, respectively. In 2022, impairments consisted primarily of losses on intent to sell fixed maturity securities due to a transfer of certain investment management responsibilities to an external manager. In 2021, impairments primarily consisted of 1.3 million on fixed maturities, partially offset by recoveries of credit losses on mortgage loans. In 2020, impairments primarily consisted of 17.6 million on fixed maturities, primarily relating to intent to sell securities, and 6.7 million of estimated credit losses on mortgage loans. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans was 3.2 million and 7.1 million, respectively, and the allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale securities was 2.1 million and 0.3 million, respectively. 
 There were no fixed maturity securities on non-accrual status at December 31, 2022 or 2021, and there was no effect on income for the year ended December 31, 2022. The effects of non-accruals compared with amounts that would have been recognized in accordance with the original terms of the fixed maturities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were not material. Any defaults in the fixed maturities portfolio in future periods may negatively affect investment income. 
 UNREALIZED LOSSES 
 Gross unrealized losses on fixed maturities at December 31, 2022 were 817.7 million, an increase of 769.7 million compared to December 31, 2021, primarily attributable to higher prevailing interest rates and, to a lesser extent, wider credit spreads. At December 31, 2022, gross unrealized losses consisted primarily of 337.7 million on corporate fixed maturities, 164.2 million on municipals, 142.1 million on residential mortgage-backed securities, 87.7 million on commercial mortgage-backed securities and 58.9 million on U.S. government securities. See also Note 2 Investments in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We view gross unrealized losses on fixed maturities as non-credit related since it is our assessment that these securities will recover, allowing us to realize their anticipated long-term economic value. Further, we do not intend to sell, nor is it more likely than not we will be required to sell, such debt securities before this expected recovery of amortized cost (see also Liquidity and Capital Resources ). Inherent in our assessment are the risks that market factors may differ from our expectations; we may decide to subsequently sell a security for unforeseen business needs or an economic purpose; or changes in the credit assessment from our original assessment may lead us to determine that a sale at the current value would maximize recovery on such investments. To the extent that there are such adverse changes, an impairment would be recognized as a realized loss. Although unrealized losses on fixed maturities are not reflected in the results of financial operations until they are realized, the fair value of the underlying investment, which does reflect the unrealized loss, is reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The following table sets forth gross unrealized losses for fixed maturities by maturity period at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations, with or without call or prepayment penalties, or we may have the right to put or sell the obligations back to the issuers. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

(in millions) 

Due in one year or less 

2.4 

Due after one year through five years 

108.9 

0.7 

Due after five years through ten years 

382.0 

19.4 

Due after ten years 

67.6 

10.9 

560.9 

31.0 

Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities 

256.8 

17.0 

Total fixed maturities 

817.7 

48.0 

Our investment portfolio and shareholders equity can be significantly impacted by changes in market values of our securities. Market volatility could increase and defaults on fixed income securities could occur. As a result, we could incur additional realized and unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and/or financial position. 
 The Federal Reserve the Fed increased the federal funds rate by 4.50 since the beginning of 2022 and has indicated that ongoing increases to the target range may be appropriate in 2023 in order to return inflation to 2 percent over time. The Fed has stated it will also continue to reduce the size of its balance sheet. Despite these efforts to tame pricing pressures in the U.S., inflation remains at high levels. The Fed's limited set of quantitative tightening tools may be insufficient to address certain drivers of price pressures, including supply and demand imbalances and energy price volatility derived from geopolitical risk. Tighter financial conditions for businesses and consumers are increasing the probability of a further economic slowdown in 2023. 
 We may experience defaults on fixed income securities, particularly with respect to non-investment grade debt securities. Although we perform rigorous credit analysis of our fixed income investments, it is difficult to foresee which issuers, industries or markets will be most affected. As a result, the value of our fixed maturity portfolio could change rapidly in ways we cannot currently anticipate, and we could incur additional realized and unrealized losses in future periods. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY 
 The valuation of the investment portfolio is subject to risk resulting from interest rate fluctuations, which may adversely impact the valuation of the investment portfolio. In a rising interest rate environment, the value of the fixed maturity sector, which comprises approximately 85 of our investment portfolio, may decline as a result of decreases in the fair value of the securities. Our intent is to hold securities to maturity and recover the decline in valuation as prices accrete to par. However, our intent may change prior to maturity due to changes in the financial markets, our analysis of an issuer s credit metrics and prospects, or as a result of changes in cash flow needs. 
 Interest rate fluctuations may also reduce net investment income and, as a result, profitability. In an increasing rate environment, the duration of our fixed maturity portfolio could lengthen as issuers choose not to exercise their option to call or prepay their debt. For this and other reasons, funds may not be available to invest at higher interest rates. Also, in a declining interest rate environment, prepayments and calls may increase as issuers exercise their option to refinance at lower rates. The resulting funds would be reinvested at lower yields. 
 The following table illustrates the estimated impact on the fair value of our fixed maturity portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021 of hypothetical changes in prevailing interest rates, defined as changes in interest rates on U.S. Treasury debt. It does not reflect changes in credit spreads, liquidity spreads and other factors that also affect the value of securities. Since changes in prevailing interest rates are often accompanied by changes in these other factors, the reader should not assume that an actual change in interest rates would result in the values illustrated. 

(dollars in millions) 

INVESTMENT TYPE 
 
 +300bp 

+200bp 

+100bp 

0 

-100bp 

-200bp 

-300bp 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

905 

960 

1,015 

1,074 

1,135 

1,185 

1,230 

Municipal securities 

920 

970 

1,020 

1,076 

1,135 

1,200 

1,260 

All other fixed maturity securities 

4,770 

4,945 

5,135 

5,332 

5,540 

5,760 

5,990 

Total December 31, 2022 

6,595 

6,875 

7,170 

7,482 

7,810 

8,145 

8,480 

Total December 31, 2021 

6,645 

6,985 

7,345 

7,724 

8,100 

8,470 

8,865 

Our investment strategy seeks to balance the goals of liquidity, capital preservation, net investment income stability and total return. The allocation process takes into consideration the profile and expected payout pattern of our liabilities, the level of capital required to support growth across lines of business and the risk profiles of a wide range of asset classes. 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The majority of our assets are invested in investment grade fixed income securities across various sectors including U.S. government, municipal, corporate, residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities. Our holdings are diversified within and across major investment and industry sectors to mitigate concentration risk. We monitor the credit quality of our investments and our exposure to individual markets, borrowers, industries, sectors and, in the case of commercial mortgage-backed securities and commercial mortgage loan participations, property types and geographic locations. In addition, we currently carry debt that is subject to interest rate risk, which was issued at fixed interest rates between 2.50 and 8.207 . 
 EQUITY PRICE RISK 
 Our equity securities portfolio is exposed to equity price risk arising from potential volatility in equity market prices. Portfolio characteristics are analyzed regularly and price risk is actively managed through a variety of techniques. A hypothetical increase or decrease of 10 in the market price of our equity securities would have resulted in an increase or decrease in the fair value of the equity securities portfolio of approximately 24 million at December 31, 2022 and approximately 66 million at December 31, 2021, which amounts, after taxes, would be reported in net income. 
 OTHER ITEMS 
 Net income also included the following items: 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 

(in millions) 

2022 
 
 Core Commercial 

Specialty 

Personal Lines 

Other 

Discontinued Operations 

Total 

Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 

(50.7) 

(23.1) 

(33.2) 

0.5 

(106.5) 

Other non-operating items 

(0.5) 

(0.5) 

Discontinued life businesses, net of taxes 

(0.8) 

(0.8) 

2021 

Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 

62.5 

26.9 

37.8 

(4.2) 

123.0 

Discontinued operations - Chaucer business, net of taxes 

1.2 

1.2 

Discontinued life businesses, net of taxes 

(2.5) 

(2.5) 

2020 

Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 

3.7 

1.5 

3.5 

(3.7) 

5.0 

Loss from repayment of debt 

(6.2) 

(6.2) 

Other non-operating items 

(0.6) 

(0.3) 

(0.7) 

(1.6) 

Discontinued operations - Chaucer business, net of taxes 

0.4 

0.4 

Discontinued life businesses, net of taxes 

(3.7) 

(3.7) 

We manage investment assets for our Core Commercial, Specialty, Personal Lines and Other segments based on the requirements of our combined property and casualty companies. We allocate the investment income, expenses and realized gains and losses to our Core Commercial, Specialty, Personal Lines and Other segments based on actuarial information related to the underlying businesses. 
 Net realized and unrealized investment losses were 106.5 million in 2022 compared to net realized and unrealized investment gains of 123.0 million and 5.0 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net realized and unrealized investment losses in 2022 were primarily due to 63.3 million of net depreciation in the fair value of equity securities, from 26.7 million of net realized investment losses from sales of fixed maturities and, to a lesser extent, from impairment losses primarily on intent to sell fixed maturity securities. Net realized and unrealized investment gains in 2021 were primarily due to 119.1 million of appreciation in the fair value of our equity securities. Net realized and unrealized investment gains in 2020 were primarily due to net realized investment gains from sales and other of 17.9 million and, to a lesser extent, appreciation in the fair value of equity securities of 13.4 million, partially offset by impairment losses on investments. 
 In 2020, we repurchased all of our outstanding 6.35 subordinated debentures due March 30, 2053 with a net carrying value of 168.9 million, at a cost of 175.0 million, resulting in a pre-tax loss of 6.1 million. Additionally, in 2020 we repurchased a portion of our 7.625 senior debentures with a net carrying value of 0.8 million. 
 Our discontinued life businesses generated 0.8 million, 2.5 million and 3.7 million of after-tax losses during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These losses were from our former accident and health business, and primarily related to the long-term care pool. Our 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 discontinued Chaucer business produced 1.2 million and 0.4 million of after-tax income during 2021 and 2020, respectively. Income from this business in 2021 resulted from the release of certain tax positions, due to the expirations of certain statutes of limitations. 
 INCOME TAXES 
 We file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return that includes our holding company and its domestic subsidiaries (including non-insurance operations). 
 The provision for income taxes from continuing operations was an expense of 27.2 million, 101.3 million, and 82.8 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts resulted in consolidated effective tax rates of 18.9 , 19.4 and 18.6 on pre-tax income for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The provisions in 2022, 2021 and 2020 reflect benefits related to tax planning strategies implemented in prior years of 1.4 million, 4.6 million and 9.2 million, respectively. The provisions in 2022, 2021 and 2020 also included excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation of 3.2 million, 2.6 million and 2.1 million, respectively. In addition, the provision for 2021 includes a net benefit related to prior years federal research tax credits of 1.7 million. Absent these items, the provision for income taxes for 2022, 2021 and 2020 would have been expenses of 31.8 million, 110.2 million and 94.1 million, respectively, or 22.1 for 2022, 21.1 for 2021 and 21.2 for 2020. The higher effective tax rate in 2022 is primarily due to lower income from continuing operations in the current year. 
 The income tax provision on operating income was an expense of 51.1 million, 80.0 million and 92.6 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These provisions resulted in effective tax rates for operating income of 20.4 , 20.1 and 20.7 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The provisions for 2022, 2021 and 2020 reflect the aforementioned excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. The provision for 2021 also reflects the aforementioned net benefit related to prior years federal research tax credits. Absent these items, the provision for income taxes for 2022, 2021 and 2020 would have been expenses of 54.3 million, 84.3 million and 94.7 million, or 21.6 for 2022 and 21.2 for 2021 and 2020. 
 During 2021, we recorded increases in reserves related to uncertain tax positions of 2.0 million as an expense in continuing operations. We also recorded decreases in reserves related to uncertain tax positions, due to the expirations of certain statutes of limitations during 2021 and 2020. The 2021 reserve release of 1.1 million was recorded as a benefit to income from discontinued Chaucer business, net of taxes. The 2020 reserve release of 0.5 million was recorded as a benefit to the income (loss) from discontinued life businesses, net of taxes. We are subject to U.S. federal and state examinations and foreign examinations for years after 2018. The audit of our Massachusetts corporate excise tax years 2017 and 2018 was settled in October 2022. The audit of our 2019 Illinois business income tax commenced in May 2022. 
 In prior years, we completed several transactions which resulted in the realization, for tax purposes only, of unrealized gains in our investment portfolio. As a result of these transactions, we were able to realize capital losses carried forward and release the valuation allowance recorded against the deferred tax asset related to those losses. The releases of valuation allowances were recorded as a benefit in accumulated other comprehensive income. Previously unrealized benefits of 1.4 million, 4.6 million and 9.2 million, attributable to non-operating income, were recognized as part of our income from continuing operations during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The remaining amount of 5.6 million in accumulated other comprehensive income will be released into income from continuing operations in future years, as the investment securities subject to these transactions are sold or mature. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUN TING ESTIMATES 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements. These statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The following critical accounting estimates are those which we believe affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. Additional information about other significant accounting policies and estimates may be found in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 RESERVE FOR LOSSES AND LOSS EXPENSES 
 See Reserve for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses within Results of Operations Segments for a discussion of our critical accounting estimates for loss reserves. 
 REINSURANCE RECOVERABLE BALANCES 
 See Reinsurance Recoverables in Part I Item 1 for information on our reinsurance recoverable balances. 
 PENSION BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS 
 We currently have a qualified defined benefit plan and several smaller non qualified benefit plans. In order to measure the liabilities and expense associated with these plans, we must make various estimates and key assumptions, including discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, employee turnover rates and anticipated mortality rates. These estimates and 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 assumptions are reviewed at least annually and are based on our historical experience, as well as current facts and circumstances. In addition, we use outside actuaries to assist in measuring the expenses and liabilities associated with our defined benefit pension plan. 
 Two significant assumptions used in the determination of benefit plan obligations and expenses that are dependent on market factors, which have been subject to a greater level of volatility in recent years, are the discount rate and the return on plan asset assumptions. The discount rate enables us to state expected future benefit payments as a present value on the measurement date. We also use this discount rate in the determination of our pre-tax pension expense or benefit. A higher discount rate decreases the present value of benefit obligations and decreases pension expense. We determined our discount rate for the qualified benefit plan utilizing independent yield curves which provide for a portfolio of high quality bonds that are expected to match the cash flows of our pension plans. Bond information used in the yield curve included only those rated Aa or better as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and had been rated by at least two well-known rating agencies. The discount rates used to value liabilities in our qualified pension plan were 6.00 and 3.25 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 To determine the expected long-term return on plan assets, we generally consider historical mean returns by asset class for passive indexed strategies, as well as current and expected asset allocations, and adjust for certain factors that we believe will have an impact on future returns. Actual returns on plan assets in any given year seldom result in the achievement of the expected rate of return on assets. Actual returns on plan assets in excess of these expected returns will generally reduce our net actuarial losses (or increase actuarial gains) that are reflected in the accumulated other comprehensive income balance in shareholders equity, whereas actual returns on plan assets that are less than expected returns will generally increase our net actuarial losses (or decrease actuarial gains) that are reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income. These gains or losses are amortized into expense in future years. The qualified benefit plan held assets consisting of approximately 90 fixed maturities and 10 equity securities at December 31, 2022. 
 The expected return on asset assumption was 3.75 in both 2022 and 2021. Asset returns are reflected net of administrative expenses. 
 Net actuarial losses related to the qualified benefit plan of 12.5 million were reflected as changes to accumulated other comprehensive income in both 2022 and 2021. Net actuarial losses in 2022 and 2021 resulted from lower than expected investment returns during the year, partially offset by an increase in the discount rate. In 2022 and 2021, amortization of actuarial losses from prior years was 4.4 million and 2.1 million, respectively. 
 Expenses related to our qualified benefit plan are generally calculated based upon information available at the beginning of the plan year. Our pre-tax expense related to our qualified benefit plan was 1.5 million for 2022 compared to a pre-tax benefit of 2.3 million for 2021. As a result of lower than expected market returns in 2022, partially offset by an increase in the discount rate, our pension benefit related to our qualified benefit plan is expected to be an expense of 6.2 million in 2023. 
 Holding all other assumptions constant, sensitivity to changes in our key assumptions related to our qualified benefit plan is as follows: 

(in millions) 

Discount Rate - 

25 basis point increase 

Change in Benefit Obligation 

(5.8) 

Change in 2023 Expense 

(0.7) 

25 basis point decrease 

Change in Benefit Obligation 

6.0 

Change in 2023 Expense 

0.7 

Expected Return on Plan Assets - 

25 basis point increase 

Change in 2023 Expense 

(0.9) 

25 basis point decrease 

Change in 2023 Expense 

0.9 

INVESTMENT CREDIT LOSSES 
 We employ a systematic methodology to evaluate declines in fair values below amortized cost for all fixed maturity investments. The methodology utilizes a quantitative and qualitative process that seeks to ensure that available evidence concerning the declines in fair value below amortized cost is evaluated in a disciplined manner. In determining whether a decline in fair value below amortized cost should be recorded as an impairment, we evaluate several factors and circumstances, including the issuer s overall financial condition; the issuer s credit and financial strength ratings; the issuer s financial performance, including earnings trends, dividend payments and asset quality; any specific events which may influence the operations of the issuer; the general outlook for market conditions in the industry or geographic region in which the issuer operates; and the degree to which the fair value of an issuer s securities is below our cost. We consider factors that might raise doubt about the issuer s ability to make contractual payments as they become due and whether we expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. 
 We monitor corporate fixed maturity securities with unrealized losses on a quarterly basis and more frequently when necessary to identify potential credit deterioration, as evidenced by ratings downgrades, unexpected price variances, and/or company or industry specific concerns. We apply consistent standards of credit analysis which includes determining whether the issuer is current on its 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 contractual payments, and we consider past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts to evaluate whether we expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. We utilize valuation declines as a potential indicator of credit deterioration and apply additional levels of scrutiny in our analysis as the severity of the decline increases. 
 For our impairment review of asset-backed fixed maturity securities, we forecast our best estimate of the prospective future cash flows of the security to determine if we expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. Our analysis includes estimates of underlying collateral default rates based on historical and projected delinquency rates and estimates of the amount and timing of potential recovery. We consider available information relevant to the collectability of cash flows, including information about the payment terms of the security, prepayment speeds, the financial condition of the underlying borrowers, collateral trustee reports, credit ratings analysis and other market data when developing our estimate of the expected cash flows. 
 When an impairment of a fixed maturity security occurs, and we intend to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell the investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the amortized cost of the security is reduced to its fair value, with a corresponding charge to earnings, which reduces net income and earnings per share. If we do not intend to sell the fixed maturity investment or more likely than not will not be required to sell it, we separate the impairment into the amount we estimate represents the credit loss and the amount related to all other factors. The amount of the estimated loss attributable to credit is recognized in earnings, which reduces net income and earnings per share. 
 We estimate the amount of the credit impairment by comparing the amortized cost of the fixed maturity security with the net present value of the fixed maturity security s projected future cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate implicit in the investment prior to impairment. 
 Declines in market value which are not credit loss related are recorded as unrealized losses, which do not affect net income and earnings per share, but reduce accumulated other comprehensive income, which is reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We cannot provide assurance that the impairments will be adequate to cover future losses or that we will not have substantial additional impairments in the future. See Note 2 Investments and Note 3 Investment Income and Gains and Losses in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion regarding securities in an unrealized loss position and impairments. 
 STATUTORY SURPLUS OF INSURANCE SUBSIDIARIES 
 The following table reflects statutory surplus for our insurance subsidiaries: 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

(in millions) 

Total Statutory Capital and Surplus 

2,690.4 

2,720.0 

The statutory capital and surplus for our insurance subsidiaries decreased 29.6 million during 2022. This decrease was primarily driven by unrealized investment losses, primarily due to changes in the fair value of equity securities, and the payment of a 100.0 million dividend to its parent company, partially offset by an increase in underwriting profits and, to a lesser extent, an increase in admitted deferred tax assets. 
 The NAIC prescribes an annual calculation regarding risk based capital RBC ). RBC ratios for regulatory purposes, as described in the glossary, are expressed as a percentage of the capital required to be above the Authorized Control Level (the Regulatory Scale ); however, in the insurance industry, RBC ratios are widely expressed as a percentage of the Company Action Level. The following table reflects the Company Action Level, the Authorized Control Level and RBC ratios for Hanover Insurance (which includes Citizens and other insurance subsidiaries), as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, expressed both on the Industry Scale (Total Adjusted Capital divided by the Company Action Level) and Regulatory Scale (Total Adjusted Capital divided by Authorized Control Level): 

(dollars in millions) 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Company Action Level 

Authorized Control Level 

RBC Ratio Industry Scale 

RBC Ratio Regulatory Scale 

The Hanover Insurance Company 

1,291.7 

645.9 

207 

415 

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

The Hanover Insurance Company 

1,187.7 

593.9 

228 

456 

60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 LIQUIDITY AND CA PITAL RESOURCES 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of business operations. As a holding company, our primary ongoing source of cash is dividends from our insurance subsidiaries. However, dividend payments to us by our insurance subsidiaries are subject to limitations imposed by regulators, such as prior notice periods and the requirement that dividends in excess of a specified percentage of statutory surplus or prior year s statutory earnings receive prior approval (so called extraordinary dividends ). Hanover Insurance paid 100.0 million, 255.0 million and 245.0 million in dividends, which were provided to the holding company in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Sources of cash for our insurance subsidiaries primarily consist of premiums collected, investment income and maturing investments. Primary cash outflows are payments for losses and loss adjustment expenses, policy and contract acquisition expenses, other underwriting expenses and investment purchases. Cash outflows related to losses and loss adjustment expenses can be variable because of uncertainties surrounding settlement dates for liabilities for unpaid losses and because of the potential for large losses, either individually or in the aggregate. We periodically adjust our investment policy to respond to changes in short-term and long-term cash requirements. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 722.3 million during 2022, as compared to 823.7 million during 2021 and 707.6 million in 2020. The 101.4 million decrease in cash provided in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to an increase in loss and LAE payments and, to a lesser extent, higher operating expenses and federal income tax payments made in 2022, partially offset by an increase in premiums received. The 116.1 million increase in cash provided in 2021 as compared to 2020 was primarily due to increased premiums and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in federal income tax payments, partially offset by higher loss and LAE payments. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 507.6 million during 2022, as compared to 460.2 million during 2021 and 608.8 million in 2020. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, cash used in investing activities primarily related to net purchases of fixed maturities and, to a lesser extent, equity securities and other investments. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 140.6 million during 2022, as compared to 253.2 million during 2021 and 193.9 million in 2020. During 2022, cash used in financing activities primarily resulted from the payment of quarterly dividends to shareholders, and, to a lesser extent, from repurchases of common stock through the open market. During 2021, cash used in financing activities primarily resulted from repurchases of common stock through the open market and the payment of quarterly dividends to shareholders. During 2020, cash used in financing activities primarily resulted from repurchases of common stock through both an accelerated share repurchase agreement and the open market, the repayment of subordinated debentures and the payment of quarterly dividends to shareholders, partially offset by cash received from the issuance of senior debentures. 
 Dividends to common shareholders are subject to quarterly board approval and declaration. During 2022, we paid dividends that totaled 108.9 million. This included three quarterly dividends of 0.75 per share and one quarterly dividend of 0.81 per share. We believe that our holding company assets are sufficient to provide for future shareholder dividends should the Board of Directors declare them. 
 At December 31, 2022, THG, as a holding company, held approximately 333.5 million of fixed maturities and cash. We believe our holding company assets will be sufficient to meet our short-term obligations, which we expect to consist primarily of quarterly dividends to our shareholders (as and to the extent declared), interest on our senior and subordinated debentures, certain costs associated with benefits due to our former life employees and agents and, to the extent required, payments related to indemnification of liabilities associated with the sale of various subsidiaries. As discussed below, we have, and opportunistically may continue to, repurchase our common stock and debt. We do not expect that it will be necessary to dividend additional funds from our insurance subsidiaries in order to fund 2023 holding company obligations; however, we may decide to do so. 
 We expect to continue to generate sufficient positive operating cash to meet all short-term and long-term cash requirements relating to current operations, including the funding of our qualified defined benefit pension plan. We believe that this plan is fully funded. The ultimate payment amounts for our benefit plan is based on several assumptions, including but not limited to, the rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate for benefit obligations, mortality experience, interest crediting rates, inflation and the ultimate valuation and determination of benefit obligations. Since differences between actual plan experience and our assumptions are almost certain, changes, both positive and negative, to our current funding status and ultimately our obligations in future periods are likely. 
 Our insurance subsidiaries maintain a high degree of liquidity within their respective investment portfolios in fixed maturity and short-term investments. During 2022, the financial markets have experienced significant volatility and declines in value, including many securities currently held by THG and its subsidiaries. We believe that the quality of the assets we hold will allow us to realize the long-term economic value of our portfolio, including securities that are currently in an unrealized loss position. We do not anticipate the need to sell these securities to meet our insurance subsidiaries cash requirements since we expect our insurance subsidiaries to generate sufficient operating cash to meet all short-term and long-term cash requirements relating to current operations. However, there can be no assurance that unforeseen business needs or other items will not occur causing us to have to sell those securities in a loss position before their values fully recover, thereby causing us to recognize impairment charges in that time period. 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program which provides for aggregate repurchases of our common stock of up to 1.3 billion. Under the repurchase authorization, we may repurchase, from time to time, common stock in amounts, at prices and at such times as we deem appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations. Repurchases may be executed using open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated repurchase programs or other transactions. We are not required to purchase any specific number of shares or to make purchases by any certain date under this program. During 2022, we repurchased approximately 0.2 million shares, at an aggregate cost of 30.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had repurchased 7.9 million shares under this 1.3 billion program and had approximately 330 million available for additional repurchases. 
 We maintain our membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB to provide access to additional liquidity based on our holdings of FHLB stock and pledged collateral. At December 31, 2022, we had borrowing capacity of 120.9 million. There were no borrowings outstanding under this short-term facility at December 31, 2022; however, we have borrowed and may continue to borrow, from time to time, through this facility to provide short-term liquidity. 
 On April 30, 2019, we entered into a credit agreement that provides for a five-year unsecured revolving credit facility not to exceed 200.0 million at any one time outstanding, with the option to increase the facility up to 300.0 million, (assuming no default and satisfaction of other specified conditions, including the receipt of additional lender commitments). The agreement also includes an uncommitted subfacility of 50.0 million for standby letters of credit. Borrowings, if any, under this new agreement are unsecured and incur interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our election, either (i) the greater of, (a) the prime commercial lending rate of the administrative agent, (b) the NYFRB Rate plus half a percent, or (c) the one month Adjusted LIBOR plus one percent and a margin that ranges from 0.25 to 0.625 depending on our debt rating, or (ii) Adjusted LIBOR for the applicable interest period, plus a margin that ranges from 1.25 to 1.625 depending on our debt rating. The agreement also contains certain financial covenants such as maintenance of specified levels of consolidated equity and leverage ratios, and requires that certain of our subsidiaries maintain minimum RBC ratios. We currently have no borrowings under this agreement and had no borrowings during 2022. The LIBOR rate, upon which Adjusted LIBOR is based, is in the process of being discontinued. During 2021, certain key tenors of LIBOR were extended with a new cessation date of June 20, 2023. Our credit agreement permits us to agree with the Administrative Agent for the credit facility on a replacement to Adjusted LIBOR subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants of our debt and credit agreements. 
 FINANCING OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER ESTIMATED OPERATING PAYMENTS 
 Financing obligations generally include repayment of our senior debentures, subordinated debentures and lease payments. Annual payments are related to the contractual principal and interest payments of these financing obligations as of December 31, 2022, unless otherwise noted, and lease payments reflect expected cash payments based upon active lease terms. It is expected that in the normal course of business, leases that expire will generally be renewed or replaced by leases on similar property and equipment. In addition, as discussed below, we expect payments related to our loss and LAE obligations, payments in support of the obligations of our benefit plans and for commitments to purchase investment securities at a future date. Actual payments may differ from the contractual and/or estimated payments. 
 Our debt obligations include senior debentures of 61.8 million due in 2025, which pay an annual interest rate of 7.625 , senior debentures of 375.0 million due in 2026, which pay annual interest at a rate of 4.50 , and senior debentures of 300.0 million due in 2030, which pay annual interest at a rate of 2.50 . Additionally, we carry subordinated debentures of 50.1 million due in 2027, which pay interest at an annual rate of 8.207 . Interest associated with this debt includes 33.2 million due in one year or less and 118.5 million due after one year. 
 Our subsidiaries are lessees with a number of leases, consisting primarily of equipment, real estate and fleet vehicles. Our lease obligations include 16.5 million due in one year or less and 35.7 million due after one year. 
 We currently have obligations to pay benefits under our qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension and post-retirement benefit plans. We do not expect to make any significant contributions to our qualified plan in order to meet our minimum funding requirements for the next several years; however, additional contributions may be required in the future based on the level of pension assets and liabilities in future periods. Estimated payments to be made for non-qualified pension, postretirement, and postemployment benefits totaled 3.7 million due in one year or less and 25.6 million due after one year. These estimated payments extend until 2032; however, it is likely that payments will be required beyond 2032. Estimates of these payments and the payment patterns are based upon historical experience. The ultimate payment amount for our pension and postretirement benefit plans is based on several assumptions, including, but not limited to, the rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate for benefit obligations, mortality experience, interest crediting rates and then ultimate valuation of benefit obligations. Differences between actual plan experience and our assumptions are likely and will likely result in changes to our funding obligations in future periods. 
 Our investment commitments relate primarily to limited partnerships and were 56.1 million due in one year or less and 129.5 million due after one year. 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Unlike many other forms of contractual obligations, loss and LAE reserves do not have definitive due dates and the ultimate payment dates are subject to a number of variables and uncertainties. The total gross loss and LAE reserve payments expected to be made in one year or less of 2,456.1 million and after one year of 4,556.5 million are estimates based principally on historical experience. 
 CONTINGENCIES AND R EGULATORY MATTERS 
 REGULATORY AND INDUSTRY DEVELOPMENTS 
 In response to the Pandemic, regulators in many of the states in which we operate issued orders or guidance pertaining to, among other things, (a) premium refunds, credits or reductions for personal automobile insurance premiums and premiums for other insurance lines that regulators determined were disproportionately impacted by the Pandemic, including certain commercial lines, for the periods during which governmental restrictions were or remain in effect, with premium adjustments based on factors such as the ongoing frequency and severity of claims, inflation, repair costs and reinsurance pricing, among others; (b) premium payment grace periods, moratoriums on policy non-renewals and cancellations, and other measures that are similar to actions historically implemented in regions heavily impacted by catastrophes; and (c) a reassessment of rates in light of exposures, loss experience and economic conditions. Regulatory restrictions on rate increases, underwriting, policy terms, and the ability to non-renew business may, depending on their duration, limit THG s ability to manage our mix of business and any potential exposures that emerge in our lines of business in the near term. 
 Draft legislation was proposed in several state legislatures and in the United States Congress that sought to require insurers to retroactively pay unfunded Pandemic business interruption claims that insurance policies do not cover, to impose presumptions on insurance policy interpretation, and/or to mandate prospective pandemic coverage. The impact of such legislation, were it to be adopted, would, according to a statement of the NAIC on March 25, 2020, create substantial solvency risks for the property and casualty insurance sector, significantly undermine the ability of insurers to pay other types of claims, and potentially exacerbate the negative financial and economic impacts the country is currently experiencing. Industry trade groups further assert that any such legislation would be violative of basic contract law and well-founded principles of constitutional law. Federal stimulus programs such as the CARES Act and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 provided financial support to individuals and businesses during the Pandemic and could mitigate the political pressure to continue advancing such proposed legislation. 
 Proposals were also considered at the federal level to establish government-funded pandemic insurance programs, possibly similar to the federal terrorism risk insurance program. Discussion on such competing proposals may continue, but it is premature to estimate their potential impact, if any, on our business. 
 Information regarding litigation and legal contingencies appears in Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Information related to certain regulatory and industry developments are contained in Regulation in Part I Item 1 and in Risk Factors in Part I Item 1A. 
 RISKS AND FORWARD-L OOKING STATEMENTS 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For a discussion of indicators of forward-looking statements and specific important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors in Part I Item 1A. This Management s Discussion and Analysis should be read and interpreted in light of such factors. 
 GLOSSARY OF SELECTE D INSURANCE TERMS 
 Account business Customers with multiple policies and/or coverages. 
 Account rounding The conversion of single policy customers to accounts with multiple policies and/or additional coverages, to address customers broader objectives. 
 Benefit payments Payments made to an insured or their beneficiary in accordance with the terms of an insurance policy. 
 Big data Large, diverse, complex sets of information that grow at ever-increasing rates and require special tools and methods to process. It encompasses the volume of information, the velocity, or speed at which it is created and collected, and the variety or scope of the data points being covered. Big data analytics refers to the use of predictive analytics, user behavior analytics, or certain other advanced data analytics methods that extract value from big data. 
 Casualty insurance Insurance that is primarily concerned with the losses caused by injuries to third persons and their property (other than the policyholder) and the related legal liability of the insured for such losses. 
 Catastrophe A severe loss, resulting from natural or manmade events, including, among others, hurricanes, tornadoes and other windstorms, earthquakes, hail, severe winter weather, fire, explosions, and terrorism. 
 Catastrophe loss Loss and directly identified loss adjustment expenses from catastrophes, including development on prior years catastrophe loss reserves. The Insurance Services Office ISO Property Claim Services PCS defines a catastrophe loss as an event that causes 25 million or more in insured property losses from U.S. direct writers and affects a significant number of property and 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 casualty policyholders and insurers. In limited instances where the impact of an event extends across multiple geographic areas or time periods, but is not within the specific parameters established by PCS, we may determine that certain losses are better included within the same catastrophe event. In addition to those catastrophe events declared by ISO, claims management also generally includes within the definition of a catastrophe loss, a property loss event that causes approximately 5 million or more in company insured losses and affects in excess of one hundred policyholders. For the international business across our Core Commercial and Specialty businesses, management utilizes a catastrophe loss definition that is substantially consistent with the ISO definition framework. 
 Cede; cedent; ceding company When a party reinsures its liability with another party, it cedes business and is referred to as the cedent or ceding company. 
 Core Commercial Commercial property and casualty coverages provided to small and mid-sized business in the United States, generally with annual premiums, per policy, up to 250,000, primarily through the commercial multiple peril, commercial automobile and workers compensation lines of business. 
 Credit spread The difference between the yield on the debt securities of a particular corporate debt issue and the yield of a similar maturity of U.S. Treasury debt securities. 
 Current accident year results A non-GAAP measure of the estimated earnings impact of current premiums offset by estimated loss experience and expenses for the current accident year. This measure includes the estimated increase in revenue associated with higher prices (premiums), including those caused by price inflation and changes in exposure, partially offset by higher volume driven expenses and inflation of loss costs. Volume driven expenses include acquisition costs such as commissions paid to agents, which are typically based on a percentage of premium dollars. 
 Earned premium The portion of a premium that is recognized as income, or earned, based on the expired portion of the policy period, that is, the period for which loss coverage has actually been provided. For example, after six months, 50 of a 100 annual premium is generally considered earned premium. The remaining 50 of annual premium is unearned premium. Net earned premium is earned premium net of reinsurance. 
 Excess of loss reinsurance Reinsurance that indemnifies the insured against all or a specific portion of losses under reinsured policies in excess of a specified dollar amount or retention. 
 Exposure As it relates to underwriting, a measure of the rating units or premium basis of a risk; for example, an exposure of a number of automobiles. As it relates to loss events, the maximum value of claims made on an insurer from an event or events that would result in the total exhaustion of the cover or indemnity offered by an insurance policy. 
 Exposure management actions Actions that focus on improving underwriting profitability and/or lessening earnings volatility by reducing our exposures and property concentrations in certain geographies and lines that are believed to be more prone to catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses. These actions include, but are not limited to, non-renewal, rate increases, stricter underwriting standards and higher deductible utilization, agency management actions, and more selective portfolio management by modifying our business mix. 
 Frequency The number of claims occurring during a given coverage period. 
 Loss adjustment expenses LAE Expenses incurred in the adjusting, recording, and settlement of claims. These expenses include both internal company expenses and outside services. Allocated LAE ALAE refers to defense and cost containment expenses, including legal fees, court costs, and investigation fees. Unallocated LAE ULAE refers to expenses that generally cannot be associated with a specific claim. ULAE includes internal costs such as salaries, fringe benefits and other overhead costs associated with the claim settlement process and external adjustment and appraisal fees. 
 Loss costs An amount of money paid for an insurance claim. 
 Loss reserves Liabilities established by insurers to reflect the estimated cost of claims payments and the related expenses that the insurer will ultimately be required to pay in respect of insurance it has written. Reserves are established for losses and for LAE. 
 Lower (higher) expenses Represents the period over period comparison of expenses relative to growth in earned premium. Volume driven expenses typically fluctuate commensurate with changes in premium. Accordingly, as we grow premium, these expenses increase from an absolute dollar perspective, but tend to stay proportionate compared to premium. Fixed expenses can remain constant or increase or decrease irrespective of the growth or decline in premium. When describing expenses as being lower or higher we are generally referring to changes in fixed costs relative to premium (fixed cost leverage). These lower or higher expenses correspond to a lower or higher expense ratio. 
 Marine insurance In Specialty, this is a type of coverage developed for insuring businesses against physical losses to property such as contractor s equipment, builder s risk and goods in transit. It covers articles in transit by all forms of land and air transportation as well as bridges, tunnels, ocean and other means of transportation and communication. In the context of Personal Lines, this term relates to floater policies that cover expensive personal items such as fine art and jewelry. 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Morbidity Morbidity relates to the occurrence of illness, disability or other physical or psychological impairment, whether temporary or permanent, for insured risks. Morbidity is a key assumption for long-term care insurance and other forms of individual and group health benefits. 
 Partner agents; partner agencies; partner independent agents; agency partners; business partners Independent agents (agencies) are self-employed, commission-based businesses who generally represent, and sell insurance policies provided by several insurance companies. We have appointed and developed mutually beneficial relationships with a limited number of independent agents who are demonstrated experts in their field, growth-oriented and align with our strategy. Although we may refer to those agencies as partner agents, these are not legally binding partnerships, but rather an opportunity for both the agent (agencies) and THG to work together and achieve common goals. 
 Peril A cause of loss. 
 Property insurance Insurance that provides coverage for tangible property in the event of loss, damage or loss of use. 
 Rate (Core Commercial and Specialty) Represents the average change in premium on renewed policies caused by the base rate changes, discretionary pricing, and inflation, excluding the impact of changes in policy level exposure or insured risks. 
 Rate (Personal Lines) Represents the estimated cumulative premium effect of approved rate actions applied to policies at renewal. Actual written rate changes may differ, as not all policies are retained. Personal Lines rate changes do not include inflation or changes in policy level exposure or insured risks. 
 Ratios: (1) 
 Catastrophe loss ratio The ratio of catastrophe losses incurred to premiums earned. 
 Combined ratio This ratio is the GAAP equivalent of the statutory ratio that is widely used as a benchmark for determining an insurer s underwriting performance. A ratio below 100 generally indicates profitable underwriting prior to the consideration of investment income (loss). A combined ratio over 100 generally indicates unprofitable underwriting prior to the consideration of investment income (loss). The combined ratio is the sum of the loss and loss adjustment expense ratio and the expense ratio. 
 Expense ratio The ratio of underwriting expenses (including the amortization of deferred acquisition costs), less premium installment and other fee income and premium charge offs, to premiums earned for a given period. 
 Loss and loss adjustment expense LAE ratio The ratio of loss and loss adjustment expenses to premiums earned for a given period. The LAE ratio includes catastrophe losses and prior year reserve development. 
 Loss ratio The ratio of losses (including catastrophe losses) to premiums earned for a given period. 
 Reinstatement premium A pro-rata reinsurance premium that may be charged to us by our reinsurers. A reinstatement premium may be contractually required to be charged for restoring an amount of reinsurance coverage reduced as the result of a reinsurance loss payment that depletes or exhausts a reinsurance treaty or treaty layer. Reinsurance reinstatement premiums accrued by us are accounted for as a reduction in net premiums earned rather than as an expense. For certain reinsurance treaties, a ceding commission adjustment is recorded commensurate with a reinstatement premium accrual. A ceding commission is a fee paid by a reinsurance company to a direct writer to cover the costs of issuing the policy and is recorded as a contra-expense. 
 Reinsurance An arrangement in which an insurance company, or a reinsurance company, known as the reinsurer, agrees to indemnify another insurance or reinsurance company, known as the ceding company, against all or a portion of the insurance or reinsurance risks underwritten by the ceding company under one or more policies. Reinsurance can provide a ceding company with several benefits, including a reduction in net liability on risks and catastrophe protection from large or multiple losses. Reinsurance does not legally discharge the primary insurer from its liability with respect to its obligations to the insured. 
 Renewal price(ing) increase or decrease (Core Commercial and Specialty) Represents the average change in premium on renewed policies caused by the estimated net effect of base rate changes, discretionary pricing, specific inflationary changes or changes in policy level exposure or insured risks. 
 Renewal price(ing) increase or decrease (Personal Lines) Represents the average change in premium on policies charged at renewal caused by the net effects of filed rate, inflation adjustments or other changes in policy level exposure or insured risks. Actual written price changes may differ, as not all policies are retained. 
 Risk based capital RBC A method of measuring the minimum amount of capital appropriate for an insurance company to support its overall business operations in consideration of its size and risk profile. The RBC ratio for regulatory purposes is calculated as total adjusted capital divided by required risk based capital. Total adjusted capital for our property and casualty companies is capital and surplus, adjusted for the non-tabular reserve discount applicable to our assumed discontinued accident and health insurance business. The Company Action Level is the first level at which regulatory involvement is specified based upon the level of capital. 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Regulators may take action for reasons other than triggering various RBC action levels. The various action levels are summarized as follows: 
 The Company Action Level, which equals 200 of the Authorized Control Level, requires a company to prepare and submit a RBC plan to the commissioner of the state of domicile. A RBC plan proposes actions which a company may take in order to bring statutory capital above the Company Action Level. After review, the commissioner will notify the company if the plan is satisfactory. 

The Regulatory Action Level, which equals 150 of the Authorized Control Level, requires the insurer to submit to the commissioner of the state of domicile a RBC plan, or if applicable, a revised RBC plan. After examination or analysis, the commissioner will issue an order specifying corrective actions to be taken. 

The Authorized Control Level authorizes the commissioner of the state of domicile to take whatever regulatory actions are considered necessary to protect the best interest of the policyholders and creditors of the insurer. 

The Mandatory Control Level, which equals 70 of the Authorized Control Level, authorizes the commissioner of the state of domicile to take actions necessary to place the company under regulatory control (i.e., rehabilitation or liquidation). 

Severity A monetary increase in the loss costs associated with the same or similar type of event or coverage. 
 Social inflation A term used to explain rising insurance claim payouts due to various factors associated with a more costly legal environment, such as increased litigation frequency, expanded theories of liability and higher jury awards. Higher than the expected litigation payouts to plaintiffs due to these and other factors, may then give rise to the initiation of additional lawsuits seeking similarly elevated awards and increasing settlement costs, which can compound the effect. 
 Specialty There is no accepted industry definition of Specialty, but for our purpose Specialty includes four divisions of business: Professional and Executive Lines, Specialty Property and Casualty, Marine, and Surety and Other. Specialty Property and Casualty coverage includes program business (provides commercial insurance to markets with specialized coverage or risk management needs related to groups of similar businesses), specialty industrial and commercial property, excess and surplus lines and specialty general liability coverage. When discussing net premiums written and other financial measures of our specialty businesses, we may include non-specialty premiums that are written as part of the entire account. 
 Statutory accounting practices Recording transactions and preparing financial statements in accordance with the rules and procedures prescribed or permitted by insurance regulatory authorities including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, which in general reflect a liquidating, rather than going concern, concept of accounting. 
 Underwriting The process of selecting risks for insurance and determining in what amounts and on what terms the insurance company will accept risks. 
 Underwriting expenses Expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition, pricing and administration of a policy or contract, and other insurance company expenses unrelated to claims handling or investments. 
 Unearned premiums The portion of a premium representing the unexpired amount of the contract term as of a certain date. 
 Written premium The premium assessed for the entire coverage period of an insurance policy or contract without regard to how much of the premium has been earned. See also Earned premium above. Net premium written is written premium net of reinsurance. 
 (1) Ratios may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATI VE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Reference is made to Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in Management s Discussion and Analysis. 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTE RED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of shareholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedules I, II, III, V and VI listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Valuation of loss and loss adjustment expense reserves 
 As described in Notes 1 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, loss and loss adjustment expense reserves were 7 billion as of December 31, 2022. These liabilities are determined using case basis evaluations and statistical analyses of historical loss patterns and represent estimates of the ultimate cost of all losses incurred but not paid. The loss reserve estimation process relies on the basic assumption that past experience, adjusted for the effects of current developments and likely trends, is an appropriate basis for management to predict future outcomes. As part of this process, management uses a variety of analytical methods that consider experience, trends and other relevant factors, as well as considers numerous quantitative and qualitative factors, including the maturity of the accident year, the level of volatility within a particular class of business, the sufficiency or quality of historical reported and paid loss and loss adjustment expenses information, legal and regulatory developments and changes in underwriting or business mix, claim handling and case reserving practices. The Company s ultimate incurred but not reported IBNR reserves are estimated by management and reserving actuaries on an aggregate basis for each line of business or coverage for loss and loss expense liabilities not reflected within the case reserves. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of loss and loss adjustment expense reserves is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when developing their estimate. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the various analytical methods and factors used by management in developing the estimate, such as historical loss patterns and other relevant quantitative and qualitative factors, which related to the maturity of the accident year, the level of volatility within a particular class of business, and the sufficiency or quality of historical reported and paid loss and loss adjustment expenses information. Also, our audit effort included the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained from these procedures. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company s valuation of loss and loss adjustment expense reserves, including controls over the analytical methods applied and development of qualitative and quantitative factors. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in either (i) developing an independent estimate of the reserves using historical loss patterns, and other relevant quantitative and qualitative factors, which related to the maturity of the accident year, the level of volatility within a particular class of business, and the sufficiency or quality of historical reported and paid loss and loss adjustment expenses information, for reserves by line of business or coverage on a test basis, and comparison of this independent estimate to management s actuarially determined reserves; or (ii) on a test basis for reserves by line of business or coverage, evaluating the appropriateness of management s analytical methods and reasonableness of factors for determining the reserve balances. Performing these procedures involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1991. 
 68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STAT EMENTS OF INCOME 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions, except per share data) 

Revenues 

Premiums 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses): 

Net realized gains (losses) from sales and other 

() 

Net change in fair value of equity securities 

() 

Recoveries (impairments) on investments: 

Credit-related recoveries (impairments) 

() 

() 

Losses on intent to sell securities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 

() 

Fees and other income 

Total revenues 

Losses and expenses 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 

Interest expense 

Loss on repayment of debt 

Other operating expenses 

Total losses and expenses 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit): 

Current 

Deferred 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense 

Income from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations: 

Income from Chaucer business, net of taxes 

Loss from discontinued life businesses, net of taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic: 

Income from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations: 

Income from Chaucer business, net of taxes 

Loss from discontinued life businesses, net of taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net income per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted: 

Income from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations: 

Income from Chaucer business, net of taxes 

Loss from discontinued life businesses, net of taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net income per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Changes in net unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities: 

Having no credit losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income 

() 

() 

Having credit losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income 

() 

Total available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

Pension and postretirement benefits: 

Net actuarial gains (losses) arising in the period 

() 

() 

Amortization recognized as net periodic benefit and postretirement cost 

Total pension and postretirement benefits 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

(in millions, except share data) 

Assets 

Investments: 

Fixed maturities, at fair value (amortized cost of and 

Equity securities, at fair value 

Other investments 

Total investments 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accrued investment income 

Premiums and accounts receivable, net 

Reinsurance recoverable on paid and unpaid losses and unearned premiums 

Deferred acquisition costs 

Deferred income tax asset 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Assets of discontinued businesses 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves 

Unearned premiums 

Expenses and taxes payable 

Deferred income tax liability 

Reinsurance premiums payable 

Debt 

Liabilities of discontinued businesses 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Shareholders Equity 

Preferred stock, par value per share; million shares authorized; issued 

Common stock, par value per share; million shares authorized; million shares issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock at cost and million shares) 

() 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 

Preferred Stock 

Balance at beginning and end of year 

Common Stock 

Balance at beginning and end of year 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Balance at beginning of year 

Settlement and prepayment of accelerated share repurchases 

Employee and director stock-based awards and other 

Balance at end of year 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax 

Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments: 

Balance at beginning of year 

Net appreciation (depreciation) on available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

() 

Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Plans: 

Balance at beginning of year 

() 

() 

() 

Net amount arising in the period 

() 

() 

Net amount recognized as net periodic benefit cost 

Balance at end of year 

() 

() 

() 

Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Retained Earnings 

Balance at beginning of year 

Cumulative effect of accounting change, net of taxes 

() 

Balance at beginning of year, as adjusted 

Net income 

Dividends to shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Treasury Stock 

Balance at beginning of year 

() 

() 

() 

Shares purchased at cost 

() 

() 

() 

Net shares reissued at cost under employee stock-based compensation plans 

Balance at end of year 

() 

() 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Net loss from repayment of debt 

Net realized investment (gains) losses 

() 

() 

Net amortization and depreciation 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Amortization of defined benefit plan costs 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Change in deferred acquisition costs 

() 

() 

() 

Change in premiums receivable, net of reinsurance premiums payable 

() 

() 

() 

Change in loss, loss adjustment expense and unearned premium reserves 

Change in reinsurance recoverable 

() 

() 

() 

Change in expenses and taxes payable 

Other, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Proceeds from disposals and maturities of fixed maturities 

Proceeds from disposals of equity securities and other investments 

Purchase of fixed maturities 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of equity securities and other investments 

() 

() 

() 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options 

Proceeds from debt borrowings, net 

Dividends paid to shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Repayment of debt 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Other financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Interest payments 

Income tax payments, net 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 73 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Mortgage participations are pooled by similar risk characteristics and evaluated for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is calculated using expected loss rates, which vary based on risk factors such as property type, geographic market, and loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratios. 

to . The estimated useful life for capitalized software is generally to . Amortization of leasehold improvements is provided using the straight-line method over the lesser of the term of the lease or the estimated useful life of the improvements. The Company has entered into operating and financing leases through which it uses right-of-use assets that are recorded at the present value of future minimum lease payments, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is generally provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, which generally range from to for real estate and fleet leases. The Company tests for the recoverability of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The Company recognizes impairment losses only to the extent that the carrying amounts of long-lived assets exceed the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. When an impairment loss occurs, the Company reduces the carrying value of the asset to fair value and no longer depreciates the asset. Fair values are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis. 
 million. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held intangible assets of million and million, respectively. The Company tests for the recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The Company recognizes impairment losses only to the extent that the carrying amounts of reporting units with goodwill exceed the fair value. The amount of the impairment loss that would be recognized is determined based upon the excess of the carrying value of goodwill compared to the implied fair value of the goodwill, as determined with respect to all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. The Company performed its annual review of goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021 with impairments recognized. During 2022, the Company recognized million in impairments related to an intangible asset with an indefinite life. The Company recognized impairments related to indefinite-lived intangible assets in 2021. 

. The Company s accounting for income taxes represents its best estimate of various events and transactions. Deferred income taxes are generally recognized when assets and liabilities have different values for financial statement and tax reporting purposes, and for other temporary taxable and deductible differences as defined by ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). These temporary differences are measured at the balance sheet date using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years the temporary differences are expected to reverse. These differences result primarily from insurance reserves, investments, deferred acquisition costs, software capitalization and employee benefit plans. The realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods under U.S. federal tax law. Consideration is given to all available positive and negative evidence, including reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. Valuation allowances are established if, based on available information, it is determined that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances are generally reflected in income tax expense or as an adjustment to other comprehensive income (loss), depending on the nature of the item for which the valuation allowance is being recorded. 

77 
 
 Table of Contents 

Foreign government 

Municipal 

Corporate 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed 

Commercial mortgage-backed 

Asset-backed 

Total fixed maturities 

() 

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

(in millions) 

Amortized Cost 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

Amortized Cost, Net of Allowance for Credit Losses 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

U.S. Treasury and government agencies 

Foreign government 

Municipal 

Corporate 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed 

Commercial mortgage-backed 

Asset-backed 

Total fixed maturities 

() 

The Company enters into various agreements that may require its fixed maturities to be held as collateral by others. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, fixed maturities with fair values of million and million, respectively, were held as collateral for the FHLB collateralized borrowing program. See Note 5 Debt and Credit Arrangements for additional information related to the Company s FHLB program. Additionally, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, fixed maturities with fair values of million and million, respectively, were on deposit with various state governmental authorities or trustees. 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities 

Total fixed maturities 

Net appreciation (depreciation) on available-for-sale fixed maturities 

() 

() 

Benefit (provision) for deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net appreciation (depreciation), end of year 

() 

C. FIXED MATURITY SECURITIES IN AN UNREALIZED LOSS POSITION 

Foreign governments 

Municipal 

Corporate 

Residential mortgage-backed 

Commercial mortgage-backed 

Asset-backed 

Total investment grade 

Below investment grade: 

Corporate 

Total fixed maturities 

DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 
 12 months or less 

Greater than 12 months 

Total 

(in millions) 
 
 Gross 

Gross 

Gross 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Unrealized 

Fair 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Losses 

Value 

Investment grade: 

U.S. Treasury and government agencies 

Municipal 

Corporate 

Residential mortgage-backed 

Commercial mortgage-backed 

Asset-backed 

Total investment grade 

Below investment grade: 

Corporate 

Total fixed maturities 

The Company views gross unrealized losses on fixed maturities as non-credit related and through its assessment of unrealized losses has determined that these securities will recover, allowing the Company to realize the anticipated long-term economic value. The Company currently does not intend to sell, nor does it expect to be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost. The Company employs a systematic methodology to evaluate declines in fair value below amortized cost for fixed maturity securities. In determining impairments, the Company evaluates several factors and circumstances, including the issuer s overall financial condition; the issuer s credit and financial strength ratings; the issuer s financial performance, including earnings trends and asset quality; any specific events which may influence the operations of the issuer; the general outlook for market conditions in the industry or geographic region in which the issuer operates; and the degree to which the fair value of an issuer s securities is below the Company s amortized cost. The Company also considers any factors that might raise doubt about the issuer s ability to make contractual payments as they come due and whether the Company expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. D. OTHER INVESTMENTS The Company s mortgage participations and other mortgage loans were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Participating interests in commercial mortgage loans are originated and serviced by a third-party. For these investments, the Company shares, on a pro-rata basis, in all related cash flows of the underlying mortgages. . 

Apartments 

Retail 

Hotel 

Industrial 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Total 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

(in millions) 

Geographic Region: 

South Atlantic 

Pacific 

Mid-Atlantic 

New England 

West South Central 

East North Central 

Mountain 

Other 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Total 

At December 31, 2022, scheduled maturities of mortgage participations and other loans were as follows: due in 2023 - million; in 2024 - million; 2025 - million; 2026 - million and thereafter - million. Actual maturities could differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties, and loans may be refinanced. During 2022, the Company did not refinance any loans based on terms that differed from current market rates. In determining estimated credit losses on mortgage participations and other loans, the Company evaluates several factors, including credit risk. 

Baa 

Ba and lower 

Amortized cost 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

Amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses 

Other investments also include interests in limited partnerships of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. E. OTHER At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s exposure to concentration of investments in a single investee that exceeded of shareholders' equity included securities of the U.S. government and U.S. government-sponsored agencies, as well as mortgage participations with a highly rated single third-party of million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there were contractual investment commitments of up to million. 

 80 
 
 Table of Contents 

Limited partnerships 

Mortgage loans 

Equity securities 

Other investments 

Gross investment income 

Less: investment expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Net investment income 

The change in fair value of limited partnerships measured using NAV is reported in net investment income, of which million of holding losses were related to securities still owned at December 31, 2022, million of holding gains and million of holding losses were related to securities still owned at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were fixed maturity securities on non-accrual status at December 31, 2022 or 2021, and there was no effect on income for the year ended December 31, 2022. The effects of non-accruals for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, compared with amounts of net investment income that would have been recognized in accordance with the original terms of the fixed maturities were not material. B. NET REALIZED AND UNREALIZED INVESTMENT GAINS AND LOSSES) 

Fixed maturities 

() 

() 

Other investments 

() 

Mortgage loans 

() 

Net realized and unrealized investment gains 

() 

Less: net gains (losses) recognized on equity securities sold during the period 

() 

() 

Net unrealized gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity securities still held 

() 

Impairments Included in net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were net impairments of investment securities totaling million, million and million, respectively. In 2022, impairments consisted of million on fixed maturities, partially offset by recoveries of million of estimated credit losses on mortgage loans. Impairments on fixed maturities included million related to intent to sell securities and million of estimated credit losses. In 2021, impairments consisted of million on fixed maturities, offset by recoveries of million of estimated credit losses on mortgage loans. In 2020, impairments primarily consisted of million on fixed maturities and million of estimated credit losses on mortgage loans. Impairments on fixed maturities included million relating to intent to sell securities and million of estimated credit losses. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans was million and million, respectively, and the allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale securities was million and million, respectively. The methodology and significant inputs used to measure the amount of credit losses were as follows: Fixed maturities, Corporate bonds the Company utilized a financial model that derives expected cash flows based on probability-of-default factors by credit rating and asset duration, and loss-given-default factors based on security type. These factors are based on historical data provided by an independent third-party rating agency. In addition, other qualitative market data relevant to the realizability of contractual cash flows may be considered, including current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Mortgage loans the Company estimated losses by applying expected loss rates, which are based on historical data. Embedded in expected loss rates are mortgage risk ratings and risk factors associated with property type such as office, retail, lodging, multi-family and industrial. Risk ratings, based on property characteristics and metrics including the geographic market, are predominantly driven by estimates of loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratios. Ratings may be adjusted to reflect current conditions and to incorporate reasonable and supportable forecasts, such as volatility of cash flows and valuation. 

Gross gains 

Gross losses 

Corporate fixed maturities overall credit quality, including assessments of the level and variability of: economic sensitivity; liquidity; corporate financial policies; management quality; regulatory environment; competitive position; ownership; restrictive covenants; and security or collateral. 

Residential mortgage-backed securities estimates of prepayment speeds based upon: historical prepayment rate trends; underlying collateral interest rates; geographic concentration; vintage year; borrower credit quality characteristics; interest rate and yield curve forecasts; government or monetary authority support programs; tax policies; and delinquency/default trends; and in the case of non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations, severity of loss upon default and length of time to recover proceeds following default. 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities overall credit quality, including assessments of the value and supply/demand characteristics of: collateral type such as office, retail, residential, lodging, or other; geographic concentration by region, state, metropolitan statistical area and locale; vintage year; historical collateral performance including defeasance, delinquency, default and special servicer trends; and capital structure support features. 

Asset-backed securities overall credit quality, including assessments of the underlying collateral type such as credit card receivables, automobile loan receivables and equipment lease receivables; geographic diversification; vintage year; historical collateral performance including delinquency, default and casualty trends; economic conditions influencing use rates and resale values; and contract structural support features. 
 
 Generally, all prices provided by the pricing services, except actively traded securities with quoted market prices, are reported as Level 2. The Company holds privately placed fixed maturity securities and certain other fixed maturity securities that do not have an active market and for which the pricing services cannot provide fair values. The Company determines fair values for these securities using either matrix pricing, which utilizes the market approach, or broker quotes. The Company will use observable market data as inputs into the fair value techniques, as discussed in the determination of Level 2 fair values, to the extent it is available, but is also required to use a certain amount of unobservable judgment due to the illiquid nature of the securities involved. Unobservable judgment reflected in the Company s matrix model accounts for estimates of additional spread required by market participants for factors such as issue size, credit stress, structural complexity, high bond coupon or other unique features. These matrix-priced securities are reported as Level 2 or Level 3, depending on the significance of the impact of unobservable judgment on the security s value. Additionally, the Company may obtain non-binding broker quotes, which are reported as Level 3. EQUITY SECURITIES Level 1 consists of publicly traded securities, including exchange traded funds, valued at quoted market prices. Level 2 includes securities that are valued using pricing for similar securities and pricing models that incorporate observable inputs. Level 3 consists of common or preferred stock of private companies for which observable inputs are not available. The Company utilizes a third-party pricing service for the valuation of the majority of its equity securities and receives one quote for each equity security. When quoted market prices in an active market are available, they are provided by the pricing service as the fair value, and such values are classified as Level 1. The Company holds certain equity securities that have been issued by privately-held entities that do not have an active market and for which the pricing service cannot provide fair values. The Company estimates fair value for these securities based on prices from recent financing rounds, which may be adjusted for liquidity and other factors, or based on the issuer s book value and market multiples, and reports them as Level 3. Additionally, the Company may obtain non-binding broker quotes, which are reported as Level 3. OTHER INVESTMENTS Other investments primarily include mortgage participations and limited partnerships not subject to the equity method of accounting. The fair values of limited partnerships not subject to the equity method of accounting are based on the NAV provided by the general partner, adjusted for recent financial information, and are excluded from the fair value hierarchy. 

Fair Value through Net Income: 

Equity securities 

Other investments 

Amortized Cost/Cost: 

Other investments 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total financial instruments 

Financial Liabilities carried at: 

Amortized Cost: 

Debt 

The Company has processes designed to ensure that the values received from its third-party pricing services are accurately recorded, that the data inputs and valuation approaches and techniques utilized are appropriate and consistently applied, and that the assumptions are reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining fair value. The Company reviews the pricing services policies describing its methodology, processes, practices and inputs, including various financial models used to value securities. For assets carried at fair value, the Company performs a review of the fair value hierarchy classifications and of prices received from its pricing services on a quarterly basis. Also, the Company reviews the portfolio pricing, including a process for which securities with changes in prices that exceed a defined threshold are verified to independent sources, if available. If upon review, the Company is not satisfied with the validity of a given price, a pricing challenge would be submitted to the pricing service along with supporting documentation for its review. The Company does not adjust quotes or prices obtained from the pricing services unless the pricing service agrees with the Company s challenge. During 2022 and 2021, the Company did not adjust any prices received from its pricing services. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in a reclassification of certain financial assets or liabilities within the fair value hierarchy. As previously discussed, the Company utilizes third-party pricing services for the valuation of the majority of its fixed maturities and equity securities. The pricing services have indicated that they will only produce an estimate of fair value if there is objectively verifiable information to produce a valuation. If a pricing service discontinues pricing an investment, the Company will use observable market data to the extent it is available, but may also be required to make assumptions for market based inputs that are unavailable due to market conditions. 

Foreign government 

Municipal 

Corporate 

Residential mortgage-backed, U.S. agency backed 

Residential mortgage-backed, non-agency 

Commercial mortgage-backed 

Asset-backed 

Total fixed maturities 

Equity securities 

Other investments 

Total investment assets at fair value 

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

(in millions) 
 
 Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Fixed maturities: 

U.S. Treasury and government agencies 

Foreign government 

Municipal 

Corporate 

Residential mortgage-backed 

Commercial mortgage-backed 

Asset-backed 

Total fixed maturities 

Equity securities 

Other investments 

Total investment assets at fair value 

Limited partnerships measured at fair value using the NAV based on an ownership interest in partners capital have not been included in the hierarchy tables. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair values of these investments were million and million, respectively, less than of total investment assets. 

Other investments 

Total financial instruments 

Liabilities: 

Debt 

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

(in millions) 
 
 Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Other investments 

Total financial instruments 

Liabilities: 

Debt 

T 

Total losses: 

Included in total net realized and unrealized investment losses 

() 

() 

Included in other comprehensive loss - net depreciation on available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Sales 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Changes in unrealized losses for the period included in other comprehensive loss for assets held at the end of the year 

() 

() 

() 

() 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 
 Fixed Maturities 

(in millions) 
 
 Municipal 

Corporate 

Commercial mortgage- backed 

Total 

Equity and Other 

Total Assets 

Balance at beginning of year 

Total gains (losses): 

Included in total net realized and unrealized investment gains 

Included in other comprehensive loss - net appreciation (depreciation) on available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases and sales: 

Purchases 

Sales 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Changes in unrealized losses for the period included in other comprehensive loss for assets held at the end of the year 

() 

() 

() 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were transfers between Level 2 and Level 3, and the Company held Level 3 liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

cash flow 
 
 Small issue size 

- 

- 

Corporate 
 
 Discounted 
 
 Discount for: 

cash flow 
 
 Small issue size 

Above-market coupon 

Commercial 
 
 Discounted 
 
 Discount for: 

mortgage-backed 
 
 cash flow 
 
 Small issue size 

- 

- 

Above-market coupon 

Lease structure 

Equity securities 
 
 Market comparables 
 
 Net tangible asset 

N/A 

N/A 

Internal price based 
 
 Discount for: 

on financing round 
 
 Market liquidity 

N/A 

Other 
 
 Discounted cash flow 
 
 Discount rate 

The weighted average of the unobservable inputs was weighted by the relative fair value of the securities to which the inputs were applied. Each unobservable input is based on the Company s subjective opinion and therefore inherently contains a degree of uncertainty. Significant changes in any of the above inputs in isolation would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. There were no interrelationships between these inputs which might magnify or mitigate the effect of changes in unobservable inputs on the fair value measurement. 

 86 
 
 Table of Contents 

Senior debentures maturing 

Senior debentures maturing 

Subordinated debentures maturing 

Total principal debt 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total 

The Company held million par value of unsecured senior debentures at December 31, 2022 and 2021, that were issued on , and mature on . The Company also held million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior debentures, issued on and maturing at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Additionally, the Company had outstanding unsecured senior debentures with a par value of million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, maturing on . All of the Company s outstanding senior debentures are subject to certain restrictive covenants, including limitations on the issuance or disposition of stock of restricted subsidiaries and limitations on liens, and pay interest semi-annually. The Company also held subordinated debentures maturing which had a par value of million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and pay cumulative dividends semi-annually at . Membership in FHLB provides the Company with access to additional short-term liquidity based on the level of investment in FHLB stock and pledged collateral. Total holdings of FHLB stock were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had pledged government agency securities with a fair value of million and million, respectively, as collateral for periodic short-term borrowings with the FHLB. There were borrowings outstanding with the FHLB at December 31, 2022 or 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a million credit agreement which expires in . The Company had borrowings under this agreement as of December 31, 2022. Interest expense was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the covenants associated with all of its debt indentures and credit arrangements. 

Income tax expense (benefit): 

Current 

Deferred 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense 

. The sources of the difference and the tax effects of each were as follows: 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 

Expected income tax expense 

Nondeductible expenses 

Stock-based compensation windfall benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Tax difference related to investment disposals and maturities 

() 

() 

() 

Dividend received deduction 

() 

() 

() 

Current year federal tax credits 

() 

() 

Prior years' federal research tax credits 

() 

Other, net 

() 

Income tax expense 

Effective tax rate 

Investments, net 

Employee benefit plans 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Deferred acquisition costs 

Software capitalization 

Investments, net 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

() 

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized; therefore there was valuation allowance required at December 31, 2022 or 2021. In prior years, the Company completed several transactions which resulted in, for tax purposes only, realized gains in its investment portfolio. As a result of these transactions, the Company was able to utilize capital losses carried forward and to release the valuation allowance recorded against the deferred tax asset related to these losses. The releases of these valuation allowances were recorded as a benefit in accumulated other comprehensive income. Previously unrealized benefits of million, million and million, were recognized as part of income from continuing operations during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The remaining amount of million in accumulated other comprehensive income will be released into income from continuing operations in future years, as the investment securities subject to these transactions are sold or mature. 

Additions for tax positions of current year 

Subtractions as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations 

() 

() 

Liability at end of year, net 

There were tax positions at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 for which the ultimate deductibility was highly certain, but for which there was uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting, other than interest and penalties, a change in the timing of deductions would not impact the annual effective tax rate. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in federal income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recognized a de minimis amount of net interest and has not recognized any penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits. During both 2021 and 2020, the Company released accrued interest of million due to the expiration of a statute of limitations. The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions, as well as foreign jurisdictions. The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal and state income tax examinations and foreign examinations for years after 2018. The audit of the Company s Massachusetts corporate excise tax for years 2017 and 2018 was settled in October 2022. The audit of the Company s 2019 Illinois business income tax commenced in May 2022. 

 million. Assumptions Defined Benefit Plans In order to measure the expense associated with these plans, management must make various estimates and assumptions, including discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, employee turnover rates and anticipated mortality rates, for example. The estimates used by management are based on the Company s historical experience, as well as current facts and circumstances. In addition, the Company uses outside actuaries to assist in measuring the expense and liability associated with these plans. The Company measures the funded status of its plans as of the date of its year-end statement of financial position. The Company utilizes a measurement date of December 31 st to determine its benefit obligations, consistent with the date of its Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Discount rate - non-qualified plan 

Cash balance interest crediting rate 

Expected return on plan assets 

Cash balance interest crediting rate 

Non-qualified plan 

Discount rate 

The expected rates of return were determined using historical mean returns for each asset class, adjusted for certain factors believed to have an impact on future returns. These returns are generally weighted to the plan s actual asset allocation, and are net of administrative expenses. For the qualified defined benefit plan, the 2022 expected return on plan assets of reflects long-term expectations and is consistent with prior year based upon long-term market expectations and expense management efforts. The Company reviews and updates, at least annually, its expected return on plan assets based on changes in the actual assets held by the plan and market conditions. Plan Assets Qualified Defined Benefit Plan For the qualified defined benefit plan, a target allocation approach is utilized, which focuses on creating a mix of assets that will generate modest growth from equity securities while minimizing volatility from changes in the markets and economic environment. Various factors are taken into consideration in determining the appropriate asset mix, such as census data, actuarial valuation information and capital market assumptions. Target allocations are reviewed and updated at least annually. Changes are made periodically. 

Money market funds 

Total fixed income securities 

Equity securities 

Total plan assets 

Money market mutual funds 

Total investments at fair value 

Fixed Income Securities and Mutual Funds Securities classified as Level 1 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include actively traded mutual funds and U.S. Treasury bonds, which are valued at quoted market prices. Securities classified as Level 3 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include assets held in a fixed account of an insurance company. The fair value of the investment is estimated using a comparable public market financial institution derived fair value curve that uses non-observable inputs for market liquidity and unique credit characteristics of its underlying securities. The Plan also holds investments measured at fair value using NAV based on the value of the underlying investments, which is determined independently by the investment manager and have not been included in the table above. These include cash, investments in commingled pools and investment-grade fixed income securities held in a custom fund, and other commingled pools that primarily invest in publicly traded common stocks. The daily NAV, which is not published as a quoted market price for these investments, is used as the basis for transactions. Redemption of these funds is not subject to restriction. 

Equity securities 

Total investments carried at NAV 

Less: Assets transferred to Level 1 investments 

() 

() 

Return on plan assets related to assets still held 

Balance at end of year 

Obligations and Funded Status The Company recognizes the current funded status of its plans in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the funded status of the plans are reflected as components of either net income or accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are reflected as a net actuarial gain or loss. 

Interest cost 

Actuarial gains 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Benefit obligation, end of year (1) 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets, beginning of period 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

Contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets, end of year 

Funded status of the plans 

() 

() 

(1) The accumulated benefit obligation for these plans is equal to the projected benefit obligation. 

 Actuarial gains related to the change in the benefit obligation for the Company s qualified benefit plan were million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Actuarial gains related to the change in the benefit obligation for the Company s non-qualified benefit plan were million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For both plans, the actuarial gains in 2022 and 2021 primarily reflect increases in the discount rate due to increases in corporate bond interest rates. Actuarial gains in 2021 were partially offset by less favorable mortality experience. Components of Net Periodic Pension (Benefit) Cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Recognized net actuarial loss 

Net periodic pension (benefit) cost 

() 

The unrecognized net actuarial gains or losses which exceed of the greater of the projected benefit obligations or the fair value of plan assets are amortized as a component of net periodic pension cost over the next . Contributions In accordance with ERISA guidelines, the Company is not required to fund its qualified benefit plan in 2023. The Company expects to contribute million to its non-qualified pension plan to fund 2023 benefit payments. Benefit Payments 

Non-qualified pension plan 

The benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company s benefit obligations at the end of 2022. Benefit payments related to the qualified plan will be made from plan assets held in trust and not included with Company assets, whereas those payments related to the non-qualified plan will be provided for by the Company. DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLAN In addition to the defined benefit plans, THG provides a qualified defined contribution 401(k) plan for all of its employees, whereby the Company matches employee elective 401(k) contributions, up to a maximum of of eligible compensation in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company s expense for this matching provision was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition to this matching provision, the Company can elect to make an annual contribution to employees accounts. 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during period for those having credit losses in Consolidated Statements of Income 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amount of (gains) losses realized from sales and other recognized in Consolidated Statements of Income 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amount of credit-related impairments recognized in Consolidated Statements of Income 

() 

() 

() 

Amount of additional impairment losses recognized in Consolidated Statements of Income 

() 

() 

() 

Net unrealized gains (losses) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Pension and postretirement benefits: 

Net gains (losses) arising in the period from net actuarial gains (losses) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of net actuarial losses recognized as net periodic benefit cost 

() 

() 

() 

Total pension and postretirement benefits 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net realized gains (losses) from sales and other 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Recoveries (impairments) losses on investments 

() 

() 
 
 Total before tax 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

() 

Continuing operations; net of tax 

() 

() 
 
 Discontinued life businesses 

() 

Net of tax 

Amortization of defined benefit pension and postretirement actuarial losses 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Loss adjustment expenses and other operating expenses (1) 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Continuing operations; net of tax 

Total reclassifications for the period 

() 

Benefit (expense) reflected in income, net of tax 
 
 (1) The amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income for the pension and postretirement benefits was allocated approximately to loss adjustment expenses and to other operating expenses for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

shares in a new share pool plus any shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2014 Stock Plan that may become available for reissuance as a result of the cash settlement, forfeiture, expiration or cancellation of such awards. The 2022 Stock Plan provides for the granting of the same types of awards as the 2014 Stock Plan, which includes stock options and stock appreciation rights SARS ), restricted and unrestricted stock, stock units, performance-based stock awards and cash awards. In accordance with the 2022 Stock Plan, the issuance of one share of common stock in the form of an option or SAR will reduce the share pool by one share, whereas the issuance of share of common stock for the other types of stock awards provided by the plan will reduce the pool by shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for grants under the 2022 Stock Plan. On May 20, 2014, shareholders approved The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP Plan authorizing the issuance of shares under such plan. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for grant under the ESPP Plan. Compensation cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled million, million and million, respectively. Related tax benefits were million, million and million, respectively. STOCK OPTIONS Under the 2022 Stock Plan, options may be granted to eligible employees, directors or consultants at an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Option shares may be exercised subject to the terms prescribed by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee at the time of grant. Options granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 generally vest over years with 33 1/3 vesting in each year. Options must be exercised not later than from the date of grant. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited or cancelled 

() 

() 

() 

Outstanding, end of year 

Exercisable, end of year 

Cash received for options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The excess tax benefit realized from options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value at December 31, 2022 for shares outstanding and shares exercisable was million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining contractual life for shares outstanding and shares exercisable was years and years, respectively. to 

to 

to 

to 

to 

to 

to 

The fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. For all options granted through December 31, 2022, the exercise price equaled the market price on the grant date. Compensation cost related to options is based upon the grant date fair value and expensed on a straight-line basis over the service period for each separately vesting portion of the option as if the option was, in substance, multiple awards. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

to 

Expected volatility 
 
 to 

to 

to 

Weighted average expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 to 

to 

to 

Expected term, in years 
 
 to 

to 

to 

The expected dividend yield is based on the Company s dividend payout rate(s), in the year noted. Expected volatility is based generally on the Company s historical daily stock price volatility. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding and is derived primarily using historical exercise, forfeit and cancellation behavior, along with certain other factors expected to differ from historical data. The fair value of shares that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized compensation expense of million related to unvested stock options that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS Stock grants may be awarded to eligible employees at a price established by the Committee (which may be zero). Under the 2022 Stock Plan, the Company may award shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units, as well as shares of unrestricted stock. Restricted stock grants may vest based upon performance criteria, market criteria or continued employment and be in the form of shares or units. Vesting periods are established by the Committee. The Company granted both market-based and performance-based restricted share units in 2022, 2021 and 2020. These units generally vest after of continued employment and after the achievement of certain performance targets. The Company also granted time-based restricted stock units to eligible employees in 2022, 2021 and 2020 that generally vest after of continued employment. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Outstanding, end of year 

Performance and market-based restricted stock units: 

Outstanding, beginning of year 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Outstanding, end of year 

In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company granted market-based awards totaling , , and , respectively, to certain members of senior management, which are included in the table above as performance and market-based restricted stock activity. The vesting of these stock units is based on the relative total shareholder return TSR of the Company. This metric is generally based on relative TSR for a three-year period as compared to a group of Property and Casualty peer companies. The fair value of market-based awards was estimated at the date of grant using a valuation model. These units have the potential to range from to of the shares disclosed. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company also granted performance-based restricted stock units totaling , and , respectively to certain members of senior management, which are included in the table above as performance and market-based restricted stock activity. The vesting of these stock units is determined through the use of a performance-based metric (return on equity) and has the potential to range from to of the shares disclosed. Increases above the target level are reflected as granted in the period after which performance-based stock unit goals are achieved. Decreases below the target level are reflected as forfeited. In 2022, included in the amounts granted above are shares related to 2019 performance-based awards that achieved a payout in excess of . The weighted average grant date fair value of these awards was . In 2021, market-based restricted stock units were included as granted due to completion levels in excess of for units granted in 2018. The weighted average grant date fair value of these awards was . In 2020, market-based restricted stock units were included as granted due to completion levels in excess of for units granted in 2017. The weighted average grant date fair value of these awards was . Included in 2022 are market-based restricted stock units which were included as forfeited due to completion levels less than for units granted in 2019. The weighted average grant date fair value of these awards was . During 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were shares, shares, and shares, respectively, of market-based awards that forfeited. Also, during 2022, 2021 and 2020 there were shares, shares, and shares, respectively, of performance-based awards that forfeited. The increase in fair value from grant date of restricted stock and restricted stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The increase in the fair value from grant date for performance and market-based restricted stock units that vested in 2022 and 2020 were million and million, respectively; however, for 2021 there was increase in fair value from grant date. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of outstanding restricted stock units was million and the weighted average remaining contractual life was years. The fair value of outstanding performance and market-based restricted stock units was million and the weighted average remaining contractual life was years. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units and performance and market-based restricted stock units. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Compensation cost associated with restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance and market-based restricted stock units is generally calculated based upon grant date fair value, which is determined using current market prices. 

Dilutive effect of securities: 

Employee stock options 

Non-vested stock grants 

Diluted shares used in the calculation of earnings per share 

Per share effect of dilutive securities on income from continuing operations 

() 

() 

() 

Per share effect of dilutive securities on net income 

() 

() 

() 

Diluted earnings per share during 2022, 2021 and 2020 excludes million, million and million, respectively, of common shares issuable under the Company s stock compensation plans, because their effect would be antidilutive. The Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program which provides for aggregate repurchases of the Company s common stock of up to billion. Under this program the Company had approximately million available at December 31, 2022. Under the repurchase authorization, the Company may repurchase, from time to time, common stock in amounts, at prices and at such times as the Company deems appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations. Repurchases may be executed using open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated repurchase programs or other transactions. The Company is not required to purchase any specific number of shares or to make purchases by any certain date under this program. During 2020, pursuant to the terms of an accelerated share repurchase agreement, the Company paid million and received million shares of its common stock. The Company also repurchased approximately million, million and million shares through open market purchases during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 of such insurer s statutory policyholder surplus as of the preceding December 31, or statutory net income less net realized gains. Hanover Insurance declared and paid dividends to its parent totaling million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. At January 1, 2023, the maximum dividend payable without prior approval was million. In May 2023, the maximum dividend declared payable without prior approval will increase by million to a total amount of million. Pursuant to Michigan s statute, the maximum dividends and other distributions that an insurer may pay in any twelve-month period, without prior approval of the Michigan Insurance Commissioner, is limited to the greater of of policyholders surplus as of December 31 of the immediately preceding year or the statutory net income less net realized gains, for the immediately preceding calendar year. Citizens declared and paid ordinary dividends to its parent, Hanover Insurance, totaling million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2020, an extraordinary dividend of million was declared and paid by Citizens. Accordingly, Citizens cannot declare a further dividend without prior approval until November 2023, at which time the maximum dividend declared payable without prior approval will be million. The statutes in both New Hampshire and Michigan require that prior notice to the respective Insurance Commissioner of any proposed dividend be provided and such Commissioner may, in certain circumstances, prohibit the payment of the proposed dividend. 

 96 
 
 Table of Contents 
 operating segments: Core Commercial, Specialty, Personal Lines and Other. Core Commercial includes commercial multiple peril, commercial automobile, workers compensation, and other commercial coverages provided to small and mid-sized businesses. Specialty includes four divisions of business: Professional and Executive Lines, Specialty Property and Casualty Specialty P C ), Marine, and Surety and Other. Specialty P C includes coverages such as program business, which provides commercial insurance to markets with specialized coverage or risk management needs related to groups of similar businesses, specialty industrial and commercial property, excess and surplus lines and specialty general liability coverage. Personal Lines includes personal automobile, homeowners and other personal coverages. Included in the Other segment are Opus Investment Management, Inc., which markets investment management services to institutions, pension funds and other organizations; earnings on holding company assets; holding company and other expenses, including certain costs associated with retirement benefits due to the Company s former life insurance employees and agents; and run-off voluntary assumed property and casualty pools and run-off direct asbestos and environmental businesses. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company disaggregated its former Commercial Lines segment into Core Commercial and Specialty segments. Prior periods reflect this new presentation. This presentation is consistent with the way results are regularly evaluated by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company reports interest expense related to debt separately from the earnings of its operating segments. For 2022, this consisted of interest on the Company s senior and subordinated debentures. Management evaluates the results of its segments based on operating income before income taxes, excluding interest expense on debt. Operating income before income taxes excludes certain items which are included in net income, such as net realized and unrealized investment gains and losses. Such gains and losses are excluded since they are determined by interest rates, financial markets and the timing of sales. Also, operating income before income taxes excludes net gains and losses on disposals of businesses, gains and losses related to the repayment of debt, discontinued operations, costs to acquire businesses, restructuring costs, the cumulative effect of accounting changes and certain other items. Although the items excluded from operating income before interest expense and income taxes may be important components in understanding and assessing the Company s overall financial performance, management believes that the presentation of operating income before interest expense and income taxes enhances an investor s understanding of the Company s results of operations by highlighting net income attributable to the core operations of the business. However, operating income before income taxes should not be construed as a substitute for income before income taxes or income from continuing operations and operating income should not be construed as a substitute for net income. 

Specialty 

Personal Lines 

Other 

Total 

Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 

() 

Total revenues 

Operating income (loss) before interest expense and income taxes: 

Core Commercial: 

Underwriting income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net investment income 

Other expense 

() 

() 

() 

Core Commercial operating income 

Specialty: 

Underwriting income 

Net investment income 

Other expense 

() 

() 

() 

Specialty operating income 

Personal Lines: 

Underwriting income (loss) 

() 

Net investment income 

Other income 

Personal Lines operating income (loss) 

() 

Other: 

Underwriting loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net investment income 

Other expense 

() 

() 

() 

Other operating income (loss) 

() 

Operating income before interest expense and income taxes 

Interest on debt 

() 

() 

() 

Operating income before income taxes 

Non-operating income (loss) items: 

Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses) 

() 

Net loss from repayment of debt 

() 

Other non-operating items 

() 

() 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Assets of discontinued businesses 

Total 

The Company reviews the assets of its insurance subsidiaries collectively and does not allocate them among the Core Commercial, Specialty, Personal Lines and Other segments. Discontinued accident and health and life businesses During 1999, the Company exited its accident and health insurance business, consisting of its Employee Benefit Services business, its Affinity Group Underwriters business and its accident and health assumed reinsurance pool business. Prior to 1999, these businesses comprised substantially all of the former Corporate Risk Management Services segment. On January 2, 2009, Hanover Insurance directly assumed a portion of the accident and health business and the remainder of the discontinued First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company FAFLIC accident and health business was reinsured by Hanover Insurance in connection with the sale of FAFLIC to Commonwealth Annuity. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the portion of the discontinued accident and health business that was directly assumed had assets of million and million, respectively, consisting primarily of invested assets, and liabilities of million and million, respectively, consisting primarily of policy liabilities. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the assets and liabilities of this business, as well as those of the reinsured portion of the accident and health business are classified as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Discontinued accident and health and life operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, resulted in losses, net of taxes, of million, million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, income tax benefits related to this business were million, million and million, respectively. 

 billion of its estimated surplus to policyholders through its member insurance companies. Since policyholders are the ultimate payers of the MCCA premium, this return of MCCA surplus was passed through to policyholders. The refund was paid to policyholders and was recorded as a refund of premium transaction in the Company s financial statements, reducing both direct written premium and ceded written premium. There was no effect on net written premium or net earned premium. The total amount of the refund was approximately million, comprised of million for personal automobile and million for commercial automobile policyholders. Direct and ceded premium numbers in the table below reflect this refund. Additionally, in 2019, Michigan enacted major reforms to its prior system governing personal and commercial automobile insurance. Among other things, the reform legislation set forth cost saving measures for PIP claims, including MCCA-reinsured claims, that took effect in July 2021. The Company s current estimate of MCCA reinsurance receivables was reduced for these potential future claim cost savings. This resulted in a million decrease in MCCA reinsurance recoverables during 2021, and a corresponding decrease in MCCA ceded losses incurred. This estimate of MCCA reinsurance receivables is subject to change and will be revised further as the actual impacts of these cost saving measures emerge, if at all, in the future The Company ceded to the MCCA premiums earned and losses and LAE incurred of million and million, respectively, in 2022. Including the refund of million, during 2021 the Company s MCCA net impact was to reduce both direct premiums earned and premiums ceded by million. Including the decrease in the Company s estimated MCCA reinsurance recoverables of million, during 2021 the Company s MCCA net impact was to reduce ceded incurred losses and LAE by million. The Company ceded to the MCCA premiums earned and losses and LAE incurred of million and million, respectively, in 2020. The MCCA represented of the total reinsurance receivable balance at December 31, 2022. Reinsurance recoverables related to the MCCA were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Since the MCCA is supported by assessments permitted by statute, and there have been no significant uncollectible balances from the MCCA identified during the three years ending December 31, 2022, the Company believes it has no significant exposure to uncollectible reinsurance balances from this entity. 

Assumed 

Ceded 

() 

() 

() 

Net premiums written 

Premiums earned: (1) 

Direct 

Assumed 

Ceded 

() 

() 

() 

Net premiums earned 

Percentage of assumed to net premiums earned 

Losses and LAE: 

Direct 

Assumed 

Ceded (2) 

() 

() 

() 

Net losses and LAE 

(1) Direct and ceded premiums written and earned in 2021 were reduced by the million MCCA refund of premium, as discussed above. 

 (2) The ceded losses and LAE in 2021 declined compared to 2020 primarily due to the decrease in MCCA incurred losses that resulted from Michigan automobile reform, as discussed above. 

Reserve Rollforward and Prior Year Development The Company regularly updates its reserve estimates as new information becomes available and further events occur which may impact the resolution of unsettled claims. Reserve adjustments are reflected in results of operations as adjustments to losses and LAE. Often these adjustments are recognized in periods subsequent to the period in which the underlying policy was written and loss event occurred. These types of subsequent adjustments are described as loss and LAE development. Such development can be either favorable or unfavorable to the Company s financial results and may vary by line of business. In this section, all amounts presented include catastrophe losses and LAE. Catastrophe losses were million in both 2022 and 2021 and were million in 2020. Included in 2022 were million of catastrophe losses related to Winter Storm Elliott, which occurred in the fourth quarter. 

Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses 

Net loss and LAE reserves, beginning of year 

Net incurred losses and LAE in respect of losses occurring in: 

Current year 

Prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Total incurred losses and LAE 

Net payments of losses and LAE in respect of losses occurring in: 

Current year 

Prior years 

Total payments 

Net reserve for losses and LAE, end of year 

Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses 

Gross reserve for losses and LAE, end of year 

() 

() 

Specialty 

() 

() 

() 

Personal Lines 

() 

Other 

Total loss and LAE reserve development, including catastrophes 

() 

() 

() 

As a result of continuing trends in the Company s business, reserves, including catastrophes, have been re-estimated for all prior accident years and were decreased by million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 2022 In 2022, net favorable loss and LAE development was million, primarily as a result of net favorable development of million in Specialty and net favorable development of million in Core Commercial, partially offset by net unfavorable development of million in Personal Lines. The favorable development in Specialty was primarily due to lower than expected losses of million within the Professional and Executive division, lower than expected losses of million in the surety line, and lower than expected losses of million in the Marine division, partially offset by higher than expected losses of million in the Specialty P C division. Within Specialty P C, higher than expected losses of million in program business were partially offset by lower than expected losses in the specialty industrial line. The favorable development in Core Commercial was primarily due to lower than expected losses of million within the workers compensation line in accident years 2013 through 2018 and 2020, and lower than expected losses of million within the commercial multiple peril line, driven by favorable catastrophe loss development, partially offset by higher than expected losses of million in the commercial automobile line, driven by higher bodily injury and personal injury protection losses in accident years 2016, 2018, 2019 and 2021. Core Commercial favorable catastrophe loss development within the commercial multiple peril line includes lower than expected losses related to certain 2021 events including winter storms, hurricane Ida, tornadoes, and other storms. The unfavorable development in Personal Lines was primarily due to higher than expected losses of million in the homeowners line, primarily in accident year 2021. The net unfavorable development within homeowners was driven by higher than expected catastrophe losses related to certain 2021 events including Michigan hail storms and other wind storms, partially offset by lower than expected losses related to 2021 hurricane Ida, and higher than expected non-catastrophe losses due to higher severity and longer cycle times in repair activity, primarily related to claims incurred in the fourth quarter of 2021. 2021 In 2021, net favorable loss and LAE development was million, primarily as a result of net favorable development of million, million and million in the Core Commercial, Personal Lines and Specialty segments, respectively. The favorable development in Core Commercial was primarily due to lower than expected losses of million within the workers compensation line in accident years 2014 through 2020, and lower than expected losses of million within the commercial multiple peril line. Core Commercial favorable development within the commercial multiple peril line includes lower than expected losses related to 2020 hurricanes and civil unrest and, to a lesser extent, lower than expected losses related to certain 2017 through 2019 tornadoes and hurricanes. The favorable development in Personal Lines was primarily due to lower than expected losses of million in the personal automobile line, driven by lower bodily injury and personal injury protection losses, primarily in accident year 2020. The favorable development in Specialty was primarily due to lower than expected losses of million in the marine line in accident years 2019 and 2020, and lower than expected losses of million in the surety line, primarily in accident years 2013 through 2016, 2018 and 2019, partially offset by higher than expected losses of million in the Specialty P C division primarily due to higher than expected losses in general liability lines. 2020 In 2020, net favorable loss and LAE development was million, primarily as a result of net favorable development of million in Core Commercial and net favorable development of million in Specialty, partially offset by unfavorable development in the Other Segment. The favorable development in Core Commercial was primarily due to lower than expected losses of million within the workers compensation line in accident years 2016 through 2019, partially offset by higher than expected losses of million in the commercial automobile line, driven by higher bodily injury and personal injury protection losses, primarily in accident years 2017 through 2019. In addition, the Core Commercial favorable development includes lower than expected losses related to certain 2019 tornadoes, tropical storms, and winter storms and, to a lesser extent, lower than expected losses related to the 2017 and 2018 California wildfires, winter and other storms, and certain hurricanes. The favorable development in Specialty was primarily due to lower than expected losses of million in the marine line, in accident years 2017 through 2019, partially offset by higher than expected losses of million in the Professional and Executive lines. The unfavorable development in the Other Segment was due to the Company s run-off voluntary assumed property and casualty reinsurance pools business primarily based on an updated third-party actuarial study received during 2020 for the Excess and Casualty Reinsurance Association pool that primarily consists of asbestos and environmental exposures. Carried Reserves 

() 

() 

Workers compensation 

() 

() 

Commercial automobile liability 

() 

() 

General liability and umbrella - occurrence 

() 

() 

Other core commercial 

() 

() 

Total Core Commercial 

() 

() 

Specialty property casualty 

() 

() 

General liability - claims made 

() 

() 

Other specialty 

() 

() 

Total Specialty 

() 

() 

Personal automobile liability 

() 

() 

Homeowners 

() 

() 

Other personal 

() 

() 

Total Personal Lines 

() 

() 

Total Other 

() 

() 

Total loss and LAE reserves 

() 

() 

Core Commercial - general liability and umbrella - occurrence is primarily comprised of the Company s commercial monoline general liability and umbrella coverages. Other core commercial lines is primarily comprised of commercial property and product liability coverages. Specialty general liability - claims made is comprised of claims made coverages within the Professional and Executive lines primarily comprised of professional and management liability lines. Other specialty lines is primarily comprised of marine, surety, healthcare, and fidelity lines. Total Other is comprised of the Company's run-off voluntary assumed property and casualty reinsurance pools business and run-off direct asbestos and environmental business, which includes million and million of gross asbestos and environmental reserves as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Incurred claims development tables For the following net reserve components, Core Commercial - commercial multiple peril, Core Commercial - workers compensation, Core Commercial - commercial automobile liability, Core Commercial - general liability and umbrella - occurrence, Specialty property casualty, Specialty general liability - claims made, personal automobile liability and homeowners, the Company is presenting incurred claims development tables by accident year. In each of these tables, the Company is presenting the number of years for which claims are typically outstanding, which is consistent with the period at which substantially all of the reserve development has emerged based on past history. The tables presented below include cumulative incurred loss and allocated loss adjustment expenses ALAE ), cumulative paid loss and ALAE and IBNR balances at December 31, 2022. IBNR includes both incurred but not reported liabilities and expected development on reported claims. In addition, cumulative incurred claim counts are presented as of December 31, 2022 and claim duration is presented in a separate table disclosing the average annual percentage payout of incurred claims by age, net of reinsurance. Claim duration is calculated as an average of paid loss and ALAE divided by incurred loss and ALAE by elapsed year. The incurred claims development tables presented are reconciled to the net carried reserves in the preceding table as of December 31, 2022. Incurred claim count information presented represents claim frequency by individual claimant and measures the frequency of direct claim settlements that have resulted in or are expected to result in claim payments. Claim count information is presented in a manner consistent with that used in the quarterly loss reserving process. A single claim event, particularly in automobile lines, may result in multiple individual claimants and, therefore, multiple claim counts. Incurred claim counts are comprised of outstanding claims and those that are closed with a loss payment and exclude those that are closed without a loss payment. A single claim event may result in multiple claims closed with a payment when a claim is subsequently reopened with further payment. In this case, a reopened claim payment is counted as an incremental claim settlement. Claim count information is not available for direct and assumed participations in various involuntary pools and residual market mechanisms, which represent approximately or less of the total net earned premium and net incurred claims for the lines presented. Incurred claim counts are also not adjusted for the effect of claims ceded as part of reinsurance programs, although the incurred losses and cumulative paid losses presented in the following tables are presented net of reinsurance ceded. 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Accident 
 
 2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Total reserves for 2015 2022 accident years (incurred - paid) 

Total reserves for 2014 and prior accident years 

Unallocated loss adjustment expense 

Net reserves at December 31, 2022 

Core Commercial - workers' compensation 

in millions) 

As of 

Incurred Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

December 31, 2022 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Cumulative 

Incurred 

Accident 
 
 2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Claim 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

IBNR 

Count 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Accident 
 
 2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Total reserves for 2013 2022 accident years (incurred - paid) 

Total reserves for 2012 and prior accident years 

Unallocated loss adjustment expense and other 

Net reserves at December 31, 2022 

Core Commercial - commercial automobile liability 

in millions) 

As of 

Incurred Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

December 31, 2022 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Cumulative 

Incurred 

Accident 
 
 2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Claim 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

IBNR 

Count 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Accident 
 
 2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Total reserves for 2016 2022 accident years (incurred - paid) 

Total reserves for 2015 and prior accident years 

Unallocated loss adjustment expense 

Net reserves at December 31, 2022 

Core Commercial - general liability and umbrella - occurrence 

in millions) 

As of 

Incurred Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

December 31, 2022 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Cumulative 

Incurred 

Accident 
 
 2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Claim 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

IBNR 

Count 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Accident 
 
 2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Total reserves for 2013 2022 accident years (incurred - paid) 

Total reserves for 2012 and prior accident years 

Unallocated loss adjustment expense and other 

Net reserves at December 31, 2022 

Specialty property casualty 

in millions) 

As of 

Incurred Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

December 31, 2022 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Cumulative 

Incurred 

Accident 
 
 2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Claim 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

IBNR 

Count 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Accident 
 
 2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Total reserves for 2016 2022 accident years (incurred - paid) 

Total reserves for 2015 and prior accident years 

Unallocated loss adjustment expense 

Net reserves at December 31, 2022 

Specialty - general liability - claims made 

in millions) 

As of 

Incurred Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

December 31, 2022 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Cumulative 

Incurred 

Accident 
 
 2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Claim 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

IBNR 

Count 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Accident 
 
 2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Total reserves for 2016 2022 accident years (incurred - paid) 

Total reserves for 2015 and prior accident years 

Unallocated loss adjustment expense 

Net reserves at December 31, 2022 

Personal automobile liability 

in millions) 

As of 

Incurred Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

December 31, 2022 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Cumulative 

Incurred 

Accident 
 
 2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Claim 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

IBNR 

Count 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Accident 
 
 2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Total reserves for 2018 2022 accident years (incurred - paid) 

Total reserves for 2017 and prior accident years 

Unallocated loss adjustment expense 

Net reserves at December 31, 2022 

Homeowners 

in millions) 

As of 

Incurred Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

December 31, 2022 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Cumulative 

Incurred 

Accident 
 
 2019 

2020 

2021 

Claim 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

IBNR 

Count 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Cumulative Paid Losses and ALAE, Net of Reinsurance 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

Accident 
 
 2019 

2020 

2021 

Year 
 
 Unaudited 

Unaudited 

Unaudited 

2022 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

Total reserves for 2019 2022 accident years (incurred - paid) 

Total reserves for 2018 and prior accident years 

Unallocated loss adjustment expense 

Net reserves at December 31, 2022 

Core Commercial - workers' compensation 

Core Commercial - commercial automobile liability 

Core Commercial - general liability and umbrella - occurrence 

Specialty property casualty 

Specialty - general liability - claims made 

Personal automobile liability 

Homeowners 

110 
 
 Table of Contents 

Statutory Capital and Surplus 

The minimum statutory capital and surplus necessary to satisfy the Company s regulatory requirements was million, million and million, which equals the Authorized Control Level at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

111 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES EVALUATION 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on our controls evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that (i) the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) material information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Internal control over financing reporting 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the updated Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the updated framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting, as required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act, to determine whether any changes occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that there was no such change during the last quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B-OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C-DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN J URISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 112 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFF ICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 DIRECTORS OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Except for the portions about executive officers and our Code of Conduct that are set forth below, this information is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 9, 2023 to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Set forth below is biographical information concerning our executive officers. 
 Jeffrey M. Farber, 58 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Mr. Farber joined THG in October 2016 after spending the previous five years with American International Group (AIG). He joined AIG as Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer and then was appointed Chief Risk Officer, Commercial and Consumer Business. Prior to AIG, Mr. Farber served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GAMCO Investors, Inc., a public company asset manager. Previously, he held senior accounting and finance roles at The Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., most recently as Senior Managing Director, Controller and Senior Vice President, responsible for finance, tax and global procurement. He began his career at Deloitte Touche LLP, rising to partner in the firm. 
 Dennis F. Kerrigan, 58 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary 
 Mr. Kerrigan joined the Company as Executive Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, in January 2020, becoming General Counsel in April 2020. Before joining THG, Mr. Kerrigan was Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Zurich North America, from 2008 to 2019. Previously, he was a litigation partner with the law firm then known as Dewey LeBoeuf. 
 Richard W. Lavey, 55 
 Executive Vice President; President, Hanover Agency Markets 
 Mr. Lavey has served as Executive Vice President, and President Hanover Agency Markets since November 2017. Mr. Lavey previously served as Executive Vice President, Chief Growth Innovation Officer from February 2017 to November 2017. Prior to that time, he was President, Personal Lines of THG since November 2014 and Chief Marketing Officer since 2011, assuming responsibility for Field Operations in 2016. Mr. Lavey joined THG in 2004 and during this time has also served in the following roles: Chief Distribution Officer, Senior Vice President, Operations and Marketing; Regional President, Northeast; and Vice President, Field Operations and Marketing and Distribution. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lavey worked for The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. and The Travelers Corp. 
 Willard T. Lee, 53 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Information and Innovation Officer 
 Mr. Lee became Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer in April 2021 after briefly serving as Deputy Chief Information and Technology Innovation Officer. Prior to that time, he was Business and Innovation CIO of THG since October 2017 and Chief Operating Officer, Specialty Lines since June 2012. Mr. Lee joined THG in May 2003 and during this time has also served in the following roles: Vice President, Corporate Development and Vice President, Commercial Lines Product Development. Prior to joining THG, Mr. Lee worked for BancTec/Plexus. 
 David J. Lovely, 60 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Claims Officer 
 Mr. Lovely joined the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Claims Officer in January 2023. Prior to joining THG, he served as Director, Financial Crime Unit, at PricewaterhouseCoopers PWC ), a global, leading public accounting, audit and consulting firm, from June 2022 to December 2022. Before joining PWC, Mr. Lovely was the UK and Global Chief Claims Officer of Aviva from May 2014 to December 2021, and had spent many years in senior claims leadership roles at companies including Chubb Insurance, Allianz Insurance Group and General Electric Company, and began his career at Liberty Mutual. 
 113 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Denise M. Lowsley, 51 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 Ms. Lowsley joined the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in October 2019. Prior to joining the Company, she spent the previous 10 years as Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at The Navigators Group, Inc., a specialty property and casualty insurance holding company. Before joining Navigators, Ms. Lowsley was International Vice President, Compensation and Benefits at New York Life Insurance Company, and had spent the previous 10 years at Liberty Mutual Insurance Group, rising to the role of Global Human Resources Manager. 
 John C. Roche, 59 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Mr. Roche became President and Chief Executive Officer in November 2017. Prior to that he led the Company s personal and commercial lines businesses as Executive Vice President and President, Hanover Agency Markets. Since joining the Company in 2006, Mr. Roche has served in several senior leadership positions, including President, Business Insurance; Vice President, Field Operations, Marketing and Distribution; and Vice President, Commercial Lines Underwriting and Product Management. Prior to joining the Company, he served in senior roles at the St. Paul Travelers Companies. He began his career at Fireman s Fund and Atlantic Mutual, where he held a number of underwriting and management positions. 
 Bryan J. Salvatore, 58 
 Executive Vice President; President, Specialty 
 Mr. Salvatore joined the Company in June 2017 as Executive Vice President and President, Specialty. Prior to joining the Company, he spent 20 years with Zurich North America in a number of leadership roles, most recently serving as President of the company's specialty products business since 2012. Prior to joining Zurich in 1997, Mr. Salvatore was a Director in the programs division of Frank Crystal Co., Inc., a leading brokerage firm. 
 OTHER SENIOR CORPORATE OFFICER OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Warren E. Barnes, 61 
 Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 
 Mr. Barnes was appointed Principal Accounting Officer in 2015. Mr. Barnes joined the Company in 1993, and has been its Controller since 1997. Before joining the Company, Mr. Barnes was employed from 1985 to 1993 by the public accounting firm then known as Price Waterhouse. He is a certified public accountant in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the State of Vermont. 
 Pursuant to section 4.4 of the Company s by-laws, each officer shall hold office until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of the shareholders and until his or her respective successor is chosen and qualified unless a shorter period shall have been specified by the terms of his or her election or appointment, or in each case until such officer sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified. 

ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 
 The 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders has been scheduled for May 9, 2023. The record date for determining the shareholders of the Company entitled to notice of and to vote at such Annual Meeting is March 17, 2023. 
 CODE OF CONDUCT 
 Our Code of Conduct is available, free of charge, on our website at www.hanover.com under Why The Hanover Our Governance Company Policies . The Code of Conduct applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller. In addition, we expect our agents, contractors and others with whom we do business to act in accordance with our Code of Conduct. We will disclose any future amendments to the Code of Conduct (other than technical, administrative or non-substantive amendments) within four business days following the date of such amendment. While we do not expect to grant waivers to our Code of Conduct, any such waivers to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Corporate Controller will be posted on our website at www.hanover.com, as required by applicable law or New York Stock Exchange requirements. A printed copy of the Code of Conduct will be provided, free of charge, by contacting the Company s Corporate Secretary at the Company s headquarters, 440 Lincoln Street, Worcester, MA 01653. 
 114 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 11 EXECUTIV E COMPENSATION 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 9, 2023, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWN ERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (2) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

1,663,634 

107.07 

5,694,569 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

1,663,634 

107.07 

5,694,569 

(1) Includes 582,782 shares of common stock which may be issued upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, and market-based restricted stock units (assuming the maximum award amount) of which, 22,382 represent dividend equivalent shares associated with the 2020, 2021 and 2022 awards. The weighted average exercise price does not take these awards into account. 

(2) On May 10, 2022 the shareholders approved The Hanover Insurance Group 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2022 Stock Plan ). With respect to new share-based issuances, the 2022 Stock Plan replaced The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2014 Stock Plan and provided authorization for 3,380,000 shares in a new share pool plus any shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2014 Stock Plan that may become available for reissuance as a result of the cash settlement, forfeiture, expiration or cancellation of such awards. In accordance with the 2022 Stock Plan, the issuance of one share of common stock in the form of an option or Stock Appreciation Right will reduce the share pool by one share, whereas the issuance of one share of common stock for the other types of stock awards provided by the Plan will reduce the pool by 3.2 shares. Previously, on May 20, 2014, the shareholders approved The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, authorizing the issuance of 2,500,000 shares, under such plan. 

Additional information related to Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 9, 2023, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 9, 2023, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUN TANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 9, 2023, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 115 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCI AL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (A)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto are included on pages 67 to 111 of this Form 10-K. 

Page No. in this Report 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 67 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 69 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 70 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 71 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 72 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 73 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 74 

(A)(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 

Page No. in this Report 

I 
 Summary of Investments - Other than Investments in Related Parties as of December 31, 2022 
 
 123 

II 
 Condensed Financial Information of Registrant as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 124 

III 
 Supplementary Insurance Information as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 127 

IV 
 Reinsurance 
 
 129 

V 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 130 

VI 
 Supplemental Information Concerning Property and Casualty Insurance Operations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 131 

116 
 
 Table of Contents 
 (A)(3) EXHI BIT INDEX 

2.1 
 Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Shares in the Capital of The Hanover Insurance International Holdings Limited, Chaucer Insurance Company Designated Activity Company and Hanover Australia HoldCo Pty Ltd., dated September 13, 2018, by and between the Registrant and China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation (the schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K), previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 13, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

2.2 
 Supplemental Agreement by and between the Registrant and China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation, dated December 28, 2018 relating to the Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Shares in the Capital of The Hanover Insurance International Holdings Limited, Chaucer Insurance Company Designated Activity Company and Hanover Australia HoldCo Pty Ltd., dated September 13, 2018, by and between the Registrant and China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation, previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 3, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

2.3 
 Second Supplemental Agreement by and between the Registrant and China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation, dated March 27, 2019 relating to the Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Shares in the Capital of The Hanover Insurance International Holdings Limited, Chaucer Insurance Company Designated Activity Company and Hanover Australia HoldCo Pty Ltd., dated September 13, 2018, by and between the Registrant and China Reinsurance (Group) Corporation, previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 2, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 16, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.2 
 Amended By-Laws of the Registrant, previously filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 21, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.1 
 Specimen Certificate of the Registrant s Common Stock, previously filed as Exhibit 4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 16, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.2 
 Form of Indenture relating to the Debentures between the Registrant, as issuer, and State Street Bank Trust Company, as trustee, previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-96764) filed with the Commission on September 11, 1995 and incorporated herein by reference. (P) 

4.3 
 Form of Global Debenture relating to the Registrant s 7 5/8 Senior Debentures due 2025, previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 16, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.4 
 Indenture, dated February 3, 1997, relating to the Registrant s Junior Subordinated Debentures, previously filed as Exhibit 3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 5, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.5 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated July 30, 2009, amending the indenture dated February 3, 1997 relating to the Junior Subordinated Debentures of the Registrant, previously filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.6 
 Form of Global Security representing 300,000,000 principal amount of Junior Subordinated Debentures of the Registrant, previously filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.7 
 Base Indenture, dated as of April 8, 2016, between the Registrant, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.8 
 First Supplemental Indenture (to the Base Indenture dated as of April 8, 2016), as of April 8, 2016, between the Registrant, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.9 
 Form of Security Certificate representing the 4.5 Notes due 2026, previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.10 
 Second Supplemental Indenture (to the Base Indenture dated as of April 8, 2016) dated as of August 24, 2020 between the Registrant, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 24, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

117 
 
 Table of Contents 

4.11 
 Form of Security Certificate representing the 2.5 Notes due 2030, previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 (and included in Exhibit 4.2) to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 24, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.12 
 Description of Registrant s Securities previously filed as Exhibit 4.12 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.1 
 State Mutual Life Assurance Company of America Excess Benefit Retirement Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-91766) filed with the Commission on May 1, 1995 and incorporated herein by reference. (P) 

+10.2 
 The Hanover Insurance Group Cash Balance Pension Plan, as amended, previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on October 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.3 
 The Hanover Insurance Group Retirement Savings Plan, as amended, previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.4 
 The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Retirement Savings Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 24, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.5 
 The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended, previously filed as Annex I to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on March 29, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.6 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.7 
 Amendment to outstanding Stock Options issued under The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.8 
 The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Annex I to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on April 3, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.9 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.10 
 Amendment to outstanding Stock Options issued under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.11 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.12 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Chief Financial Officer, previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 4, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.13 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.14 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Chief Financial Officer, previously filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.15 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 24, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

118 
 
 Table of Contents 

+10.16 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 4, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.17 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.18 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Chief Financial Officer, previously filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.19 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 4, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.20 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.21 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference . 

+10.22 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Chief Financial Officer, previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 2, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.23 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 4, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.24 
 The Hanover Insurance Group 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Annex 1 to the Registrant s Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on March 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.25 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.26 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.27 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.28 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under The Hanover Insurance Group 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.29 
 The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. Amended and Restated Employment Continuity Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 11, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.30 
 Form of Side Letter Agreement for New Participants in The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. Amended and Restated Employment Continuity Plan waiving right to IRC 280G Gross-Up Payments, previously filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on July 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.31 
 Description of 2019 2020 Non-Employee Director Compensation, previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 1, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.32 
 The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferral Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference. 

119 
 
 Table of Contents 

+10.33 
 Supplemental Retainer for Theodore H. Bunting, Jr., previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.34 
 Offer Letter, dated September 21, 2016, by and between Jeffrey M. Farber and the Registrant, previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 23, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.35 
 The Hanover Insurance Group Second Amended and Restated 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on October 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.36 
 Form of Leadership Severance Arrangement, previously filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

+10.37 
 Offer Letter, dated December 2, 2019, by and between Dennis F. Kerrigan and the Registrant, previously filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 24, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.38 
 Form of Accident and Health Coinsurance Agreement between The Hanover Insurance Company, as Reinsurer, and First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company (the schedules and certain exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K), previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 4, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.39 
 Credit Agreement dated April 30, 2019, among the Registrant, as Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and various other lender parties, previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 2, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

21 
 Subsidiaries of THG. 

23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24 
 Power of Attorney. 

31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m. 78o(d), as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m, 78o(d), as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 Internal Revenue Service Ruling dated April 15, 1995 previously filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-91766) filed with the Commission on May 1, 1995 and incorporated herein by reference. (P) 

101 
 The following materials from The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language iXBRL ): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (vi) related notes to these consolidated financial statements; and (vii) Financial Statement Schedules. 

104 
 The cover page from The Hanover Insurance Group Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (embedded within EX-101). 

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (P) Paper exhibits. 
 120 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP, INC. 

Registrant 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /S/ JOHN C. ROCHE 

John C. Roche, 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

121 
 
 Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /S/ JOHN C. ROCHE 

John C. Roche, 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /S/ JEFFREY M. FARBER 

Jeffrey M. Farber, 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /S/ WARREN E. BARNES 

Warren E. Barnes, 

Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller Principal Accounting Officer 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

Francisco A. Aristeguieta, 

Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

Kevin J. Bradicich, 

Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

Theodore H. Bunting, Jr., 

Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

Jane D. Carlin, 

Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

J. Paul Condrin III, 

Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

Cynthia L. Egan, Chair of the Board 

Date February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

Martin P. Hughes, 

Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

Wendell J. Knox, 

Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

Kathleen S. Lane, 

Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

Joseph R. Ramrath, 

Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

Harriett Tee Taggart, 

Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 

Elizabeth A. Ward, 

Director 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /S/ JEFFREY M. FARBER 

Jeffrey M. Farber, 

Attorney-in-fact 

122 
 
 Table of Contents 

States, municipalities and political subdivisions 

Foreign governments 

Public utilities 

All other corporate bonds 

Total fixed maturities 

Equity securities: 

Common stocks: 

Public utilities 

Banks, trusts and insurance companies 

Industrial, miscellaneous and all other 

Nonredeemable preferred stock 

Total equity securities 

Mortgage loans on real estate 

Other long-term investments 

Total investments 

(1) 

 (2) 

123 
 
 Table of Contents 

Net realized gains (losses) from sales and other 

() 

Other income 

Total revenues 

Expenses 

Interest expense 

Employee benefit related expenses 

Interest expense on loan from subsidiary 

Loss from repayment of debt 

Other operating expenses 

Total expenses 

Net loss before income taxes and equity in income of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit 

Equity in income of subsidiaries 

Income from continuing operations 

Income from discontinued life business (net of income tax benefit of in 2020) 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

The condensed financial information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. SCHEDULE II (CONTINUED) THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP, INC. CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT PARENT COMPANY ONLY BALANCE SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

(in millions, except per share data) 

Assets 

Fixed maturities - at fair value (amortized cost of and 

Equity securities - at fair value 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments in subsidiaries 

Net receivable from subsidiaries 

Current income tax receivable 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Expenses and state taxes payable 

Interest payable 

Debt 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders' Equity 

Preferred stock, par value per share; million shares authorized; issued 

Common stock, par value per share; million shares authorized; million shares issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock at cost and million shares) 

() 

() 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The condensed financial information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. SCHEDULE II (CONTINUED) THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP, INC. CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT PARENT COMPANY ONLY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Net realized investment (gains) losses 

() 

() 

Net loss from repayment of debt 

Equity in net income of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends received from subsidiaries 

Deferred income tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Change in expenses and taxes payable 

() 

Change in net receivable from subsidiaries 

Other, net 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from disposals and maturities of fixed maturities 

Purchase of fixed maturities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options 

Proceeds from debt borrowings, net 

Dividends paid to shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Repayment of debt 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Included in other operating cash flows was the cash portion of dividends received from unconsolidated subsidiaries. Additionally, investment assets of million, million and million were transferred to the parent company in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to settle dividend obligations and other intercompany borrowings and balances. The condensed financial information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

 126 
 
 Table of Contents 

Specialty 

Personal Lines 

Other 

Interest on Debt 

Eliminations 

() 

Total 

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

(in millions) 

Segments 
 
 Deferred acquisition costs 

Future policy benefits, losses, claims and loss expenses 

Unearned premiums 

Other policy claims and benefits payable 

Premium revenue 

Net investment income (1) 

Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses 

Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 

Other operating expenses (2) 

Premiums written 

Core Commercial 

Specialty 

Personal Lines 

Other 

Interest on Debt 

Eliminations 

() 

Total 

DECEMBER 31, 2020 

(in millions) 

Segments 
 
 Deferred acquisition costs 

Future policy benefits, losses, claims and loss expenses 

Unearned premiums 

Other policy claims and benefits payable 

Premium revenue 

Net investment income (1) 

Benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses 

Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 

Other operating expenses (2) (3) 

Premiums written 

Core Commercial 

Specialty 

Personal Lines 

Other 

Interest on Debt 

Eliminations 

() 

Total 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) million of losses from the repayment of debt. 

128 
 
 Table of Contents 

129 
 
 Table of Contents 

() 

Allowance for uncollectible reinsurance recoverables 

() 

() 

2021 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

Allowance for uncollectible reinsurance recoverables 

() 

2020 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

Allowance for uncollectible reinsurance recoverables 

() 

130 
 
 Table of Contents 

2021 

Earned premiums 

Net investment income 

Claims and claim adjustment expenses incurred related to 

Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 

Paid claims and claim adjustment expenses 

Premiums written 

Current year 

Prior years 

2022 

() 

2021 

() 

2020 

() 

(1) million and million of reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Unearned premiums are shown gross of prepaid premiums of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Reserves for unpaid claims and claims adjustment expense also include policyholder dividends. 

 (2) 

131 

<EX-21>
 2
 thg-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 Direct and Indirect Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 I. The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. (Delaware) 

A. Opus Investment Management, Inc. (Massachusetts) 

a. The Hanover Insurance Company (New Hampshire) 

1. Citizens Insurance Company of America (Michigan) 

2. Allmerica Financial Benefit Insurance Company (Michigan) 

3. Allmerica Plus Insurance Agency, Inc. (Massachusetts) 

4. The Hanover American Insurance Company (New Hampshire) 

5. Citizens Insurance Company of Ohio (Ohio) 

6. Citizens Insurance Company of The Midwest (Indiana) 

7. The Hanover New Jersey Insurance Company (New Hampshire) 

8. Massachusetts Bay Insurance Company (New Hampshire) 

9. Allmerica Financial Alliance Insurance Company (New Hampshire) 

10. Professionals Direct, Inc. (Michigan) 

11. Verlan Fire Insurance Company (New Hampshire) 

12. The Hanover National Insurance Company (New Hampshire) 

13. AIX, Inc. (Delaware) 

14. NOVA Casualty Company (New York) 

(i) AIX Specialty Insurance Company (Delaware) 

(ii) AIXHI LLC (Massachusetts) 

1. NAG MERGER LLC (Massachusetts) 

15. 440 Lincoln Street Holding Company LLC (Massachusetts) 

16. Campmed Casualty Indemnity Company, Inc. (New Hampshire) 

17. CitySquare II Investment Company LLC (Massachusetts) 

(i) Front Street Financing LLC (Massachusetts) 

18. The Hanover Atlantic Insurance Company Ltd. (Bermuda) 

19. The Hanover Casualty Company (Texas) 

b. Citizens Insurance Company of Illinois (Illinois) 

c. CitySquare II Development Co. LLC (Massachusetts) 

B. VeraVest Investments, Inc. (Massachusetts) 

C. Verlan Holdings, Inc. (Maryland) 

a. Hanover Specialty Insurance Brokers, Inc. (Virginia) 

D. Campania Holding Company, Inc. (Virginia) Educators Insurance Agency, Inc. (Massachusetts) 

- Inactive insurance company sold on February 9, 2023. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 thg-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-24929, No. 333-31397, No. 333-134394, No. 333-134395, No. 333-196107, No. 333-264879) and Form S-3 (No. 333-247958) of The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

Boston, MA 

February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 4
 thg-ex24.htm
 EX-24

EX-24 

Exhibit 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 We, the undersigned, hereby severally constitute and appoint John C. Roche, Jeffrey M. Farber, and Dennis F. Kerrigan, each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys, with full power in each of them, to sign for and in each of our names and in any and all capacities, the Form 10-K of The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. (the Company and any other filings made on behalf of said Company pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and to file the same with all exhibits and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys and each of them, acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys or any of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Witness our hands and common seal on the date set forth below. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ John C. Roche 

February 16, 2023 

John C. Roche 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

/s/ Jeffrey M. Farber 

February 21, 2023 

Jeffrey M. Farber 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ Warren E. Barnes 

February 23, 2023 

Warren E. Barnes 
 
 Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 

/s/ Francisco A. Aristeguieta 

February 8, 2023 

Francisco A. Aristeguieta 
 
 Director 

/s/ Kevin J. Bradicich 

February 7, 2023 

Kevin J. Bradicich 
 
 Director 

/s/ Theodore H. Bunting, Jr. 

February 8, 2023 

Theodore H. Bunting, Jr. 
 
 Director 

/s/ Jane D. Carlin 

February 7, 2023 

Jane D. Carlin 
 
 Director 

/s/ J. Paul Condrin III 

February 5, 2023 

J. Paul Condrin III 
 
 Director 

/s/ Cynthia L. Egan 

February 10, 2023 

Cynthia L. Egan 
 
 Chair of the Board 

/s/ Martin P. Hughes 

February 7, 2023 

Martin P. Hughes 
 
 Director 

/s/ Wendell J. Knox 

February 7, 2023 

Wendell J. Knox 
 
 Director 

/s/ Kathleen S. Lane 

February 7, 2023 

Kathleen S. Lane 
 
 Director 

/s/ Joseph R. Ramrath 

February 7, 2023 

Joseph R. Ramrath 
 
 Director 

/s/ Harriett Tee Taggart 

February 8, 2023 

Harriett Tee Taggart 
 
 Director 

/s/ Elizabeth A. Ward 

February 7, 2023 

Elizabeth A. Ward 
 
 Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 5
 thg-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John C. Roche, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

/s/ John C. Roche 

John C. Roche 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 thg-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jeffrey M. Farber, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey M. Farber 

Jeffrey M. Farber 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 thg-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 1) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) the information contained in the Company s Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ John C. Roche 

John C. Roche 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 thg-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify that to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 1) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) the information contained in the Company s Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jeffrey M. Farber 

Jeffrey M. Farber 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 thg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 thg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 thg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 thg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 thg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

