<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1160945_0001554795-23-000091.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1507381</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63171</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>347205</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>341273</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>307260</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>417859</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-23-000091.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329172535
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-23-000091
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NOVA STAR INNOVATIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001160945
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				010437914
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33399
		FILM NUMBER:		23776264

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2157 S. LINCOLN STREET
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-323-2395

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2157 S. LINCOLN STREET
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-23-000091.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 nvsi0329form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal 
 year ended 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For transition
period ___ to ___ 

Commission file number: 

. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

The registrant did not have an active trading market for its common stock
as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter; therefore, an aggregate market value of shares of voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates cannot be determined. 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock
as of March 29, 2023 was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 8 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 8 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 8 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 9 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 9 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 9 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 11 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 20 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 20 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 20 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 22 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 23 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 23 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 24 

Signatures 
 25 

In this report references to Nova Star, we, 
 us, our and the Company refer to Nova Star Innovations, Inc. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC encourages
companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand future prospects and make informed investment
decisions. This report contains these types of statements. Words such as may, expect, believe, 
 anticipate, estimate, project, or continue or comparable terminology used in connection
with any discussion of future operating results or financial performance identify forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. All forward-looking statements
reflect our present expectation of future events and are subject to a number of important factors and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Historical Development 

Nova Star Innovations, Inc. was incorporated in the state of Maine on April
25, 1986 as Hystar Aerospace Marketing Corporation of Maine Hystar-Maine ). Hystar-Maine was formed to lease, sell and market
the Hystar airship, a heavy-lift airship, and the Burket Mill, a waste milling device; however, the venture was found to be cost prohibitive
and Hystar-Maine ceased such activities. On April 11, 2001, Hystar-Maine completed a change of domicile merger with Nova Star Innovations,
Inc. for the sole purpose of changing Hystar-Maine s domicile to the state of Nevada. On September 13, 2016, Nova Star Innovations,
Inc. filed Articles of Domestication in the state of Wyoming, effectively moving the Company s state of domicile from Nevada to
Wyoming. 

Our Business Plan 

Our business plan is to seek, investigate, and, if warranted, acquire an
interest in a business opportunity. Our acquisition of a business opportunity may be made by an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of
stock, or otherwise. We have very limited sources of capital, and we probably will only be able to take advantage of one business opportunity.
As of the date of this filing we have not identified any business opportunity that we plan to pursue, nor have we reached any preliminary
or definitive agreements or understandings with any person concerning an acquisition or merger. 

Based upon current economic conditions, management believes that it is
possible, if not probable, for a company like ours, without many assets or liabilities, to negotiate a merger or acquisition with a viable
private company. The opportunity arises principally because of the expensive legal and accounting fees and the length of time associated
with the registration process of going public. 

Our search for a business opportunity will not be limited to any particular
geographical area or industry and includes both U.S. and international companies. Our management has unrestricted discretion in seeking
and participating in a business opportunity, subject to the availability of such opportunities, economic conditions and other factors.
Our management believes that companies who desire a public market to enhance liquidity for current stockholders, or plan to acquire additional
assets through issuance of securities rather than for cash, will be potential merger or acquisition candidates. 

The selection of a business opportunity in which to participate is complex
and extremely risky and will be made by management in the exercise of their business judgment. Our activities are subject to several significant
risks which arise primarily as a result of the fact that we have no operating business and may acquire or participate in a business opportunity
based on the decision of management which will, in all probability, act without consent, vote, or approval of our stockholders. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to identify and merge with or acquire any business opportunity which will ultimately prove to be beneficial
to Nova Star and our stockholders. Should a merger or acquisition prove unsuccessful, it is possible management may decide not to pursue
further acquisition activities and management may abandon our search and we may become dormant or be dissolved. 

It is possible that the range of business opportunities that might be available
for consideration by us could be limited by the fact that our common stock is not quoted to trade on any market. We cannot assure you
that a market will develop or that a stockholder will be able to liquidate his/her/its investments without considerable delay, if at all.
If a market develops, the liquidity of penny stock is affected by specific disclosure procedures required by rules to be followed by all
broker-dealers, including but not limited to, determining the suitability of the stock for a particular customer, and obtaining a written
agreement from the customer to purchase the stock. This rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect
the ability of purchasers to sell our securities in any market. 

4 

Investigation and Selection of Business Opportunities 

We anticipate that business opportunities will come to our attention from
various sources, including our officer and director, our stockholders, professional advisors, such as attorneys and accountants, securities
broker-dealers, investment banking firms, venture capitalists, members of the financial community and others who may present unsolicited
proposals. Management expects that prior personal and business relationships may lead to contacts with these various sources. 

We expect that our due diligence will encompass, among other things, meetings
with the target business s incumbent management and inspection of its facilities, as necessary, as well as a review of financial
and other information which is made available to our management. This due diligence review may be conducted either by our management or
by unaffiliated third parties we may engage. Our limited funds and the lack of full-time management will likely make it impracticable
to conduct a complete and exhaustive investigation and analysis of a target business before we consummate a business combination. We anticipate
that we will rely upon funds provided by advances and/or loans from management and significant stockholders to conduct investigation and
analysis of any potential target companies or businesses. We may also rely upon the issuance of our common stock in lieu of cash payments
for services or expenses related to any analysis. Management decisions, therefore, will likely be made without detailed feasibility studies,
independent analysis, market surveys and the like which, if we had more funds available to us, would be desirable. We will be particularly
dependent in making decisions upon information provided by the promoters, owners, sponsors or other persons associated with the target
business seeking our participation. 

Our management will analyze the business opportunities; however, Mr. Clayton,
Director and President, is not a professional business analyst (See Part III, Item 10, below). He has not had experience with mergers
and acquisitions of business opportunities and has not been involved with an initial public offering. Due to his limited experience with
mergers and acquisitions, he may rely on principal stockholders or associates, or promoters or their affiliates to assist in the investigation
and selection of business opportunities. 

Certain conflicts of interest exist or may develop between the Company
and Mr. Clayton because he operates his own company and currently devotes his attention to this business (See Item 10, below). He may
devote his attention to other business interests although management time should be devoted to our business. As a result, conflicts of
interest may arise that can be resolved only through his exercise of judgment in a manner which is consistent with his fiduciary duties
to us. 

A decision to participate in a specific business opportunity may be made
upon our management s analysis of: 

the quality of the business opportunity s management and personnel, 

the anticipated acceptability of its new products or marketing concept, 

the merit of its technological changes, 

the perceived benefit that it will derive from becoming a publicly held entity, and 

numerous other factors which are difficult, if not impossible, to analyze through the application of any objective criteria. 

No one factor described above will be controlling in the selection of a
business opportunity. Management will attempt to analyze all factors appropriate to each opportunity and make a determination based upon
reasonable investigative measures and available data. Potential business opportunities may occur in many different industries and at various
stages of development. Thus, the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities will be extremely difficult
and complex. Potential investors must recognize that because of our limited capital available for investigation and management s
limited experience in business analysis, we may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the business opportunity to be
acquired. 

In many instances, we anticipate that the historical operations of a specific
business opportunity may not necessarily be indicative of the potential for future operations because of the possible need to substantially
shift marketing approaches, significantly expand operations, change product emphasis, change or substantially augment management, or make
other changes. We will be dependent upon the owners of a business opportunity to identify any such problems which may exist and to implement,
or be primarily responsible for, the implementation of required changes. 

5 

Form of Acquisition 

We cannot predict the manner in which we may participate in a business
opportunity. Specific business opportunities will be reviewed as well as our needs and desires and those of the promoters of the opportunity.
The legal structure or method deemed by management to be suitable will be selected based upon our review and our relative negotiating
strength. Such methods may include, but are not limited to, leases, purchase and sale agreements, licenses, joint ventures and other contractual
arrangements. We may act directly or indirectly through an interest in a partnership, corporation or other forms of organization. We may
be required to merge, consolidate or reorganize with other corporations or forms of business organizations. In addition, our present management
and stockholders most likely will not have control of a majority of our voting shares following a merger or reorganization transaction.
As part of such a transaction, our existing director may resign and new directors may be appointed to fill those vacancies without any
vote by our stockholders. 

We likely will acquire our participation in a business opportunity through
the issuance of common stock or other securities. Although the terms of any such transaction cannot be predicted, it should be noted that
in certain circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an acquisition is a so-called tax free reorganization
under Section 368(a) (1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code depends upon whether the owners of the
acquired business own 80 or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction were structured to take advantage of these
provisions rather than other tax free provisions provided under the Code, all prior stockholders would in that circumstance
retain 20 or less of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. Under other circumstances, depending upon the relative
negotiating strength of the parties, prior stockholders may retain substantially less than 20 of the total issued and outstanding shares
of the surviving entity. This could result in substantial additional dilution to the equity of those persons who were our stockholders
prior to such reorganization. 

In the case of an acquisition, the transaction may be accomplished upon
the sole determination of management without any vote or approval by stockholders. In the case of a statutory merger or consolidation
directly involving the Company, it will likely be necessary to call a stockholders' meeting and obtain the approval of the holders of
a majority of the outstanding securities. The necessity to obtain such stockholder approval may result in delay and additional expense
in the consummation of any proposed transaction and will also give rise to certain appraisal rights to dissenting stockholders. Most likely,
management will seek to structure any such transaction so as not to require stockholder approval. 

The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and
to structure and complete a business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with
respect to the indemnification and evaluation of a prospective business combination that is not ultimately completed may result in a loss
to the Company. Also, fees may be paid in connection with the completion of all types of acquisitions, reorganizations or mergers. These
fees are usually used to pay legal costs, accounting costs, finder s fees, consultant s fees and other related expenses. In
the event that any such fees are paid, they may become a factor in negotiations regarding any potential acquisition or merger by us. We
have no present arrangements or understandings respecting any of these types of fees. 

Significant stockholders may actively negotiate or otherwise consent to
the purchase of all or any portion of their common stock as a condition to, or in connection with, a proposed reorganization, merger or
acquisition. It is not anticipated that any such opportunity will be afforded to other stockholders or that such other stockholders will
be afforded the opportunity to approve or consent to any particular stock buy-out transaction. We have not adopted any procedures or policies
for the review, approval or ratification of any related party transactions. 

In the event we merge or acquire a business opportunity, the successor
company will be subject to our reporting obligations. This is commonly referred to as a back door registration. A back door
registration occurs when a non-reporting company becomes the successor of a reporting company by merger, consolidation, exchange of securities,
acquisition of assets or otherwise. This type of event requires the successor company to file a Form 8-K current report with the SEC which
provides the same kind of information about the company to be acquired that would appear in a registration statement, including audited
and pro forma financial statements. This regulation may eliminate many of the perceived advantages of these types of transactions. Accordingly,
we may incur additional expense to conduct due diligence and present the required information for the business opportunity in any report. 

Also, the SEC may elect to conduct a full review of the successor company
and may issue substantive comments on the sufficiency of disclosure related to the company to be acquired. 

In addition, regulations also deny the use of Form S-8 for the registration
of securities of a shell company, and limit the use of Form S-8 to a reorganized shell company until the expiration of 60 days from when
any such entity is no longer considered to be a shell company. This prohibition could further restrict opportunities for the Company to
acquire companies that may already have stock option plans in place that cover numerous employees. In such an instance, there may be no
exemption from registration for the issuance of securities in any business combination to these employees, thereby necessitating the filing
of a registration statement with the SEC to complete any such reorganization, and incurring the time and expense costs that are normally
avoided by back door registrations. 

6 

Competition 

We expect to encounter substantial competition in our effort to locate
attractive business opportunities. Business development companies, venture capital partnerships and corporations, venture capital affiliates
of large industrial and financial companies, small investment companies, and wealthy individuals will be our primary competition. Many
of these entities will have significantly greater experience, resources and managerial capabilities than we do and will be in a better
position than we are to obtain access to attractive business opportunities. We also will experience competition from other public reporting
companies, many of which may have more funds available for such opportunities. 

Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulations on Business 

We are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This Act creates a strong
and independent accounting oversight board to oversee the conduct of auditors of public companies and to strengthen auditor independence.
It also requires steps to enhance the direct responsibility of senior members of management for financial reporting and for the quality
of financial disclosures made by public companies; establishes clear statutory rules to limit, and to expose to public view, possible
conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; creates guidelines for audit committee members appointment, and compensation
and oversight of the work of public companies auditors; prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods;
and establishes a federal crime of securities fraud, among other provisions. 

We are subject to the Exchange Act of 1934 and are required to file annual
reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and will be required to timely disclose certain
material events (e.g., changes in corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the
ordinary course of business; and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. We are also subject to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act
which requires the Company to comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation
14A. Matters submitted to our stockholders at a special or annual meeting of stockholders or pursuant to a written consent will require
us to provide our stockholders with the information outlined in Schedules 14A or 14C of Regulation 14A; preliminary copies of this information
must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that definitive copies of this information are forwarded to our stockholders. 

Employees 

We currently have no employees. We do not anticipate a need to engage any
full-time employees so long as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities. We will determine the need for employees based upon
a specific business opportunity, if any. 

Available Information 

We currently do not have a Company website. 

7 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, we are not required to provide the information for this Item. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not currently own or lease any property. Until we pursue a viable
business opportunity and recognize income, we will not seek office space. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to any legal proceedings as of the date of this filing. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable to our operations. 

8 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is not quoted or listed to trade
on any public market. 

Holders and Dividends 

We had 85 stockholders of record as of March 29, 2023. We have not declared
dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchase of Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Executive Overview 

We are an emerging growth company that has not recorded revenues for the
past two fiscal years. We are dependent upon financing to continue basic operations. Management intends to rely upon advances or loans
from management, significant stockholders or third parties to meet our cash requirements, but we have not entered into written agreements
guaranteeing funds and, therefore, no one is obligated to provide funds to us in the future. These factors raise substantial doubt as
to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our plan is to combine with an operating company to generate revenue. 

If we obtain a business opportunity, then it may be necessary to raise
additional capital. We likely will sell our common stock to raise this additional capital. We anticipate that we would issue such stock
pursuant to exemptions to the registration requirements provided by federal and state securities laws. The purchasers and manner of issuance
will be determined according to our financial needs and the available exemptions to the registration requirements of the Securities Act
of 1933. We do not currently intend to make a public offering of our stock. We also note that if we issue more shares of our common stock,
then our stockholders may experience dilution in the value per share of their common stock. 

9 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have not recorded revenues from operations since inception. We have
not established an ongoing source of revenue sufficient to cover our operating costs and we have relied primarily upon related parties
to pay for our operating expenses. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021 our cash was 265 as a result of limited
financing activities. Our total liabilities increased to 427,853 for 2022 compared to 393,436 at December 31, 2021. This increase in
total liabilities primarily represents notes payable of 5,000, notes payable related party of 10,000 and an increase of 20,417
in accrued interest for all notes payable. (See Commitments and Obligations, below.) 

We intend to obtain capital from management, significant stockholders and/or
third parties to cover minimal operations; however, there is no assurance that additional funding will be available. Our ability to continue
as a going concern during the long term is dependent upon our ability to find a suitable business opportunity and acquire or enter into
a merger with such company. The type of business opportunity with which we acquire or merge will affect our profitability for the long
term. 

During the next 12 months the Company anticipates
incurring additional costs related to the filing of Exchange Act reports. We believe we will be able to meet these costs through advances
and loans provided by management, significant stockholders or third parties. We may also rely on the issuance of our common stock in lieu
of cash to convert debt or pay for expenses. 

Results of Operations 

We had no revenues during 2022 or 2021. We recorded a slight increase in
general and administrative expense for 2022 compared to 2021. Interest expense for notes payable and notes payable related party
increased from 19,298 for 2021 to 20,417 for 2022. Our net loss increased from 33,098 to 34,417 for 2022 compared to 2021. Management
expects net losses to continue until we acquire or merge with a business opportunity. 

Commitments and Obligations 

At December 31, 2022, we reported notes payable of 109,726 and notes payable
 related party of 154,450. The notes payable represent services received, as well as cash advances received. All of the notes
payable are non-collateralized, carry interest at 8 and are due on demand. Accrued interest for all notes payable was 157,677 and 137,260
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We reported accounts payable related party of 6,000 and 6,000
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These accounts payable relate to consulting services and professional services provided
by a stockholder. 

We owed vendors 0 and 1,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

At December 31, 2022 two lenders represent in excess of 95 of the Company s
accounts payable and notes payable. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We qualify as an emerging growth company as that term is used in the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). A company qualifies as an emerging growth company if it has total annual
gross revenues of less than 1.07 billion during its most recently completed fiscal year and, as of December 8, 2011, had not sold common
equity securities under a registration statement. Under the JOBS Act we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain
disclosure requirements. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards
until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition
period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting
standards. 

10 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Nova Star Innovations, Inc. 

Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

INDEX 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 12 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 13 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 14 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 15 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 16 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 17 

11 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Nova Star Innovations, Inc. 

 Salt Lake City, Utah 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Nova Star Innovations, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

 Consideration of the Company s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses and has no
operations which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 24, 2023 

12 

Nova Star Innovations, Inc. 

 Balance Sheets 

DEC 31, 2022 
 DEC 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Total current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable related party 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Notes payable related party 

Notes payable 

Accrued interest related party 

Accrued interest 

Total current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

13 

Nova Star Innovations, Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2022 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Expenses 

General and administrative 

Total expenses 

Net loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense related party 

Interest expense 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

14 

Nova Star Innovations, Inc. 

 Statements of Stockholders Deficit 

 For the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

15 

Nova Star Innovations, Inc. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2022 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Expenses paid by related party 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Increase in accrued interest related party 

Increase in accrued interest 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from notes payable related party 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for Income taxes 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Converted related party accounts payable and advances into notes payable related party 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

16 

Nova Star Innovations, Inc. 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding (denominator) 

Basic Loss per Common Share 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had no potentially dilutive common stock equivalents issued. 

of the Company s
Accounts Payable and Notes Payable for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

17 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which may be offset against future taxable income through 2037.
No tax benefit has been reported in the financial statements. 

Deferred tax assets and the valuation account are
as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset 

A reconciliation of amounts obtained by applying
the Federal tax rate of 21 to pre-tax income to income tax benefit is as follows: 

Change in valuation allowance 

The Company did not have any tax positions for
which it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the
next 12 months. 

The Company includes interest and penalties arising
from the underpayment of income taxes in the statements of operations in the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

The tax years that remain subject to examination
by major taxing jurisdictions are those for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

18 

and , respectively. The notes bear interest at and are due on demand. The Company received proceeds of and
 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accrued interest was and at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively, of consulting, administration, and professional services with a shareholder. At
December 31, 2022, the accounts payable related party for 2021 were converted into notes payable related party
and at December 31, 2021 the accounts payable related party for 2020 were converted into notes payable related
party. The Company received proceeds of and 0 from the shareholder during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Notes payable related party at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Accrued interest on these
notes at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The notes bear interest at and are due on demand. 

19 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There have been
no changes in our independent registered public accounting firm, or disagreements between, the Company and our independent registered
public accounting firm related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope
or procedures during the last two fiscal years. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our filings under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. This information is accumulated to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Our President, who serves as our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report and he determined that our disclosure controls
and procedures were ineffective due to a control deficiency. Specifically, during the period we did not have additional personnel to allow
segregation of duties to ensure the completeness or accuracy of our information. Due to the size and operations of the Company we are
unable to remediate this deficiency until we acquire or merge with another company. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Management is responsible to establish and maintain adequate internal control
over financial reporting. Our principal executive officer is responsible to design or supervise a process that provides reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. The policies and procedures include: 

maintain records in reasonable detail to accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets, 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors, and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that
could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, management has relied on the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO - 2013), Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), to
evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based upon that framework, management has determined that
our internal control over financial reporting is ineffective due to the lack of additional personnel to allow segregation of duties to
ensure the completeness or accuracy of our information. 

Our management determined that there were no changes made in our internal
controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

20 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our director and executive officer, and his age and biographical information
are presented below. Our bylaws require two directors who serve until our next annual meeting or until each is succeeded by a qualified
director. We currently have a vacancy on our board of directors. Our executive officers are appointed by our board of directors and serve
at its discretion. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position Held 
 Director Term 

Mark S. Clayton 

65 

Director 
 President, Secretary and Treasurer 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 

July 5, 2000 until our next annual meeting 

Mark S. Clayton -- Mr. Clayton is the owner and President
of Fitness Equipment Source, a company that wholesales exercise equipment. He has operated that business for over 20 years. He graduated
from the University of Utah with a bachelor s degree in business management. We believe his experience as an owner of small private
company providing products to the public may provide valuable insights during the investigation of business opportunities. 

During the past ten years our executive officer has not been involved in
any legal proceedings that are material to an evaluation of their ability or integrity; namely: (1) filed a petition under federal bankruptcy
laws or any state insolvency laws, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed by a court for the business or property
of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation
or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; (2) been convicted
in a criminal proceeding or named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3)
been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities;
or (4) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
violated any federal or state securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed,
suspended, or vacated. 

Code of Ethics 

Since we have only one person serving as director and executive officer,
and because we have minimal operations, we have not adopted a code of ethics for our principal executive and financial officers. Our board
of directors will revisit this issue in the future to determine if adoption of a code of ethics is appropriate. In the meantime, our management
intends to promote honest and ethical conduct, full and fair disclosure in our reports to the SEC, and comply with applicable governmental
laws and regulations. 

Corporate Governance 

We are a smaller reporting company with minimal operations and only one
person serving as director and executive officer. As a result, we do not have a standing nominating committee for directors, nor do we
have an audit committee with an audit committee financial expert serving on that committee. Our entire board of directors acts as our
nominating and audit committee. 

21 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Officer Compensation 

Our principal executive officer did not receive compensation during the
year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. None of our named executive officers received any cash or non-cash compensation during the past
two fiscal years and none had outstanding equity awards at year end. We have not entered into employment contracts with our executive
officers and their compensation, if any, will be determined at the discretion of our board of directors. 

We do not offer retirement benefit plans to our executive officers, nor
have we entered into any contract, agreement, plan or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to a named
executive officer at, or in connection with, the resignation, retirement or other termination of a named executive officer, or a change
in control of the company, or a change in the named executive officer s responsibilities following a change in control. 

Compensation of Directors 

We do not have any standard arrangement for compensation of our directors
for any services provided as director, including services for committee participation or for special assignments. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Securities Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Beneficial Ownership 

The following tables set forth the beneficial ownership of our outstanding
common stock of each person or group known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our voting stock. Our management does not beneficially
own any shares of common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting
or investment power with respect to securities. Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have sole voting
power and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. The percentage of beneficial
ownership is based on 18,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023. 

CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 

Name and address 
 of beneficial owner 
 
 Amount and nature 
 of beneficial ownership 
 
 Percent 
 of class 

VIP Worldnet, Inc. 
 800 E. Charleston Blvd 
 Las Vegas, NV 89104 
 15,009,450 (1) 
 
 83.4 

First Equity Holdings Corp. 
 2157 S. Lincoln Street 
 Salt Lake City, UT 84106 
 1,252,000 (2) 
 7.0 

(1) VIP Worldnet, Inc. holds 15,000,000 shares
 and its affiliates own 9,450 shares of our common stock. 

(2) Represents 1,000,000 shares held by First Equity Holdings
 Corp. and 252,000 shares held by its affiliate. 

22 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Parties 

First Equity Holdings Corp., a more than 5 shareholder, invoiced the Company
for consulting, administrative, and professional services and out-of-pocket costs provided to or paid on behalf of the Company totaling
 6,000 in 2022 and 6,000 in 2021. In 2022 the 2021 accounts payable were converted to notes payable related party. First Equity
Holdings Corp. also advanced the Company 4,000 and 0 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

At December 31, 2022, the Company has notes payable owing to First Equity
totaling 154,450 and accounts payable of 6,000. The notes payable are non-collateralized, carry interest at 8 and are due on demand.
We have not made any payments on the notes payable or accounts payable. 

Director Independence 

Our director is not an independent director as defined by NASDAQ Stock
Market Rule 5605(a)(2). This rule defines persons as independent who are neither officers nor employees of the Company and
have no relationships that, in the opinion of the board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their
responsibilities as directors. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Auditor Fees 

The following table presents the aggregate fees billed by our principal
accounting firm, Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah, for each of the last two fiscal years in connection with the audit of our financial
statements and other professional services. 

Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 6,700 
 6,500 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Audit fees represent fees for professional services rendered by our principal
accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q or services
that are normally provided by our principal accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related fees represent professional services rendered for assurance
and related services by the accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
that are not reported under audit fees. 

Tax fees represent professional services rendered by the accounting firm
for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All other fees represent fees billed for products and services provided
by the accounting firm, other than the services reported for the other three categories. 

Pre-approval Policies 

We do not have an audit committee currently serving
and as a result our board of directors performs the duties of an audit committee. Our board of directors will evaluate and approve in
advance the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor. All services rendered by our principal accountant are performed pursuant
to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant. We do not rely on pre-approval policies and procedures. 

23 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The audited financial statements of Nova Star Innovations, Inc. are included
in this report under Item 8 on pages 11 through 20. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are included in the footnotes to the
financial statements or are inapplicable or not required. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

The following documents have been filed as part of this report. 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 
 3(i).1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated
by reference to exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-SB, filed December 10, 2001) 
 
 3(i).2 
 
 Wyoming Articles of Domestication of
 Nova Star Innovations, Inc., dated September 13, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(i) to Form 10Q, filed November 3,
 2016) 
 
 3(ii) 
 
 Bylaws Nova Star Innovations, Inc.
(Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(ii) to Form 10Q, filed November 3, 2016) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated
by reference to exhibit 4.6 to Form 10-K, filed August 17, 2020) 
 
 31.1 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification 
 
 31.2 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification 
 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished
 and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as
 amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject
 to liability under these sections. 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, there unto duly authorized. 

NOVA STAR INNOVATIONS, INC. 

By: /s/ Mark S. Clayton 

 Mark S. Clayton, President 

Date: March 29, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/ Mark S. Clayton 

 Mark S. Clayton 

 Principal Executive Officer 

 Principal Financial Officer 

 Director 

 President and Secretary/Treasurer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 nvsi0329form10kexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 

I, Mark S. Clayton, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nova Star Innovations, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Mark S. Clayton 
 Mark S. Clayton 
 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 nvsi0329form10kexh31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 

I, Mark S. Clayton, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nova Star Innovations, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Mark S. Clayton 
 Mark S. Clayton 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 nvsi0329form10kexh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

NOVA STAR INNOVATIONS, INC. 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

The undersigned executive officer of Nova Star Innovations, Inc. certifies
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

the annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Mark S. Clayton 
 Mark S. Clayton 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 nvsi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 nvsi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 nvsi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nvsi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

