<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1828748_0001493152-23-005271.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3585976</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>138528</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>749685</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1072722</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>651494</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>883477</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-005271.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216080300
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-005271
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASIAFIN HOLDINGS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001828748
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				371950147
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56421
		FILM NUMBER:		23637187

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 30.02, 30TH FLOOR,
		STREET 2:		MENARA KH(PROMET), JALAN SULTAN ISMAIL,
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			50250
		BUSINESS PHONE:		60321487170

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 30.02, 30TH FLOOR,
		STREET 2:		MENARA KH(PROMET), JALAN SULTAN ISMAIL,
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			50250

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-005271.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Year Ended , 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant issuer as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 , , . 

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s
phone number, including area code 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K or any amendment to this From 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 OTC Market Pink Sheets 

The
aggregate market value of the Company s common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing bid price of the
Company s common stock, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: 

t
Applicable 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 

 PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. 

Not
Applicable 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 
 
 Common
 Stock, .0001 par value 

AsiaFIN
Holdings Corp. 

 FORM
10-K 

 For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

 Index 

Page # 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 11 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 11 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 11 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 13 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 19 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 19 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 20 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 2 1 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 23 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 24 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 25 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 27 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 28 

SIGNATURES 
 29 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather
are based on current expectations, estimates and projections. We may use words such as anticipate, expect, 
 intend, plan, believe, foresee, estimate and variations of these
words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 

The
 availability and adequacy of our cash flow to meet our requirements; 

Economic,
 competitive, demographic, business and other conditions in our local and regional markets; 

Changes
 or developments in laws, regulations or taxes in our industry; 

Actions
 taken or omitted to be taken by third parties including our suppliers and competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial
 and other governmental authorities; 

Competition
 in our industry; 

The
 loss of or failure to obtain any license or permit necessary or desirable in the operation of our business; 

Changes
 in our business strategy, capital improvements or development plans; 

The
 availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development; and 

Other
 risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the SEC. 

This
report should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect.
The forward looking statements included in this report are made as of the date of this report and should be evaluated with consideration
of any changes occurring after the date of this Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change
in the future and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise. 

Use
of Defined Terms 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this Report to: 

The
 Company, we, us, or our, AsiaFIN are references to AsiaFIN
 Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation. 

Common
 Stock refers to the common stock, par value .0001, of the Company; 

U.S.
 dollar, and US refer to the legal currency of the United States; 

Securities
 Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and 

Exchange
 Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

1 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Corporate
History 

AsiaFIN
Holdings Corp., a Nevada corporation the Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 14, 2019. 

On
June 14, 2019, Mr. Wong Kai Cheong was appointed Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director. 

On
September 18, 2020, Mr. Seah Kok Wah was appointed Director of the Company. 

On
December 18, 2019, we, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interests of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. (herein referred to
as the Malaysia Company ), a private limited company incorporated in Labuan, Malaysia. In consideration of the equity interests
of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Wong was compensated 1 HKD. 

On
December 23, 2019, AsiaFIN Holdings Corp., Malaysia Company acquired AsiaFIN Holdings Limited (herein referred to as the Hong
Kong Company ), a private limited company incorporated in Hong Kong. In consideration of the equity interests of AsiaFIN Holdings
Limited our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Wong was compensated 1 HKD. 

The
Company, through its subsidiaries, mainly provides consulting services to the clients. Details of the Company s subsidiaries: 

Company name 
 Place and date of incorporation 
 Particulars of issued capital 
 Principal activities 
 Proportional of ownership interest and voting power held 

1. 
 AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. 
 Labuan /July 15, 2019 
 1 ordinary share of US 1 each 
 Investment holding and consulting services pertaining to market studies and financial solutions 
 100 
 
 2. 
 AsiaFIN Holdings Limited 
 Hong Kong / July 5, 2019 
 1 ordinary share of HKD 1 each 
 Consultancy Services on market studies and financial solutions 
 100 

Business
Overview 

AsiaFIN
Holdings Corp. is currently providing market research studies and consulting services pertaining to system solutions and integration
of unattended payment kiosks and payment processing to our clients. Our present clients, who are related parties, are payment solution
companies located in Malaysia, although we intend to provide services to other geographic regions in the future. 

We
have additional plans to develop our own software, which we anticipate we will be able to be merge and integrate onto such Payment Processing
or Unattended Payment Kiosk, to accept payments and collect data. Additionally, we have plans, which we are still developing and exploring,
to create Web-Based Solutions in four areas which include Payment Processing, Regulatory Technology (REGTECH), Robotic Process Automation
(RPA) and Unattended Payment Kiosks for financial institutions, and other industries. We refer to the four pillars of our business as
 Focus Solutions . A further elaboration will be discussed under the Description of Business below. 

Later,
we may decide to expand upon our current plans and may also explore options of developing additional software types. We intend to utilize
existing and future relationships that may be gained by our officers and directors as a means to expand our reach across the Southeast
Asia region, which has a population of approximately 660 million individuals. We believe this market provides us a large pool of businesses
that may benefit from our current and future service offerings and or software that may become available as our business plan progresses. 

2 

Payment
Market - Asian Market 

Asia
stands at the forefront of payment innovation, particularly in regards to digital and online payments, accounting for 51 of the global
market share. Asia s market share of the global payment market grew 6 in 2020, and is projected to achieve a Compound Annual Growth
Rate CAGR of 6 from 2019 to 2024, slightly above the global GDP rate of 5 , with the majority of growth evidenced in
countries in Southeast Asia. [1] 

On
the other hand, Southeast Asian countries continue to be defined by extraordinary rates of growth in digital payment markets, implying
a CAGR of 21.3 in Malaysia, 20.2 in Vietnam, 18.6 in the Philippines and Indonesia. Digital adoption in Southeast Asian countries
currently grows at a CAGR of 14 , and is expected to reach 292 million smartphone users by the end of 2020. [2] 

Southeast
Asian countries like Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Myanmar have started to implement new payment methods like Faster payments, Bulk
payments and online payments using electronic wallets since 2018. The adoption of these new payment methods has increased significantly,
especially with the onset of the COVID 19 pandemic. 

It
is expected that the global digital payment market will increase at a CAGR of 6 , with total revenues increasing by 715 billion and
surpassing 2.7 trillion by 2023. In emerging counties, electronic payments transactions are increasing at a rate of 22 over the next
five years to support revenue growth. It is projected that the global payment market will remain fairly high at 14 CAGR for the next
five years. [3] 

Regtech
 Asian Market 

RegTech
is the management of regulatory processes within the financial industry via technology, including regulatory monitoring, reporting and
compliance. In recent years, there has been a strong regulatory focus on financial crime. The key drivers of RegTech adoption consist
of compliance, cost, and complexity. The ability of RegTech using technologies such as advanced analytics, robotic process automation
and cognitive computing offer new efficiencies in compliance, which offers a lower cost. [4] 

The
RegTech market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 23.5 , from USD 4.3 billion to USD 12.3 billion by 2023. Asia-Pacific is expected to
become the new engine of Regtech growth and innovation, contributing 20 of the global market share, lagging only the American market.
While most RegTech firms are based in the United States and Europe, local players are starting to appear in Asia especially in Malaysia. [5] 

Monetary
Authority of Singapore (MAS) adopted RegTech at an early stage in 2017 along with the release of the Financial Services Industry
Transformation Map to make Singapore the leading global financial centre in Asia. In September 2020, MAS was awarded the Global
Impact award at the Central Banking FinTech RegTech awards. [6] On the other hand, Hong Kong plans to launch a series
of RegTech specific projects focusing on AML, prudential risk management and compliance, study on machine-readable regulations and exploration
of RegTech. 

In
Malaysia, Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) has initiated a standard reporting platform based on XBRL in 2012, which requires all Reporting
Entities (RE) to adopt RegTech in their data reporting systems. This includes all statistics reporting, credit risk and international
transactions exposure assets and liabilities. Similar initiatives have been adopted by the Securities Commission for all publicly listed
companies. 

The
RegTech industry is now moving into the third stage from know your customer to know your data , as financial
institutions start to view risks and regulations as data and prediction problems that can be addressed by technology. Despite the popularity
of adopting RegTech, it is not a solution for all corporate governance and risk management issues. Data quality is a major key factor
to ensure the accuracy and efficiency of RegTech. 

Hence,
Companies may require data quality improvement beforehand in a more well-mannered way and may adopt a hybrid of humanity and RegTech
in order to make compliance decisions, as opposed to a full dependence on technology. [7] Therefore, with accurate data quality,
the potential of RegTech can be maximized and can be used in different industries to improve efficiency and effectiveness. 

[1]
 Global Payments Report 2019: Amid sustained growth, accelerating challenges demand bold actions -https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/McKinsey/Industries/Financial 20Services/Our 20Insights/Tracking 20the 20sources 20of 20robust 20payments 20growth 20McKinsey 20Global 20Payments 20Map/2019-Global-Payments-Report.ashx 

[2]
 The Next 600 million - 

 https://www.adyen.com/dam/jcr:72351376-9e2e-4f30-84d1-d5612fe2c48d/VID-1591 2 

[3]
 Global Payments Report 2019: Amid sustained growth, accelerating challenges demand bold actions -https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/McKinsey/Industries/Financial 20Services/Our 20Insights/Tracking 20the 20sources 20of 20robust 20payments 20growth 20McKinsey 20Global 20Payments 20Map/2019-Global-Payments-Report.ashx 

[4]
 There s a revolution coming: Embraving the challenge of the new RegTech era - https://assets.kpmg/content/dam/kpmg/cn/pdf/en/2019/06/embracing-the-challenge-of-the-new-regtech-era.pdf 

[5]
 The Evolving regtech Landscape in Asia - 

 https://www.brinknews.com/the-evolving-regtech-landscape-in-asia/ 

[6]
 Asia-Pacific financial services regulatory outlook 2019 - https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/au/Documents/financial-services/deloitte-au-fs-apac-regulatory-outlook-2019-140119.pdf 

[7]
 Is RegTech The Answer To Corporate Governance And Risk Management Issues? - https://www.forbes.com/sites/nizangpackin/2019/02/08/is-regtech-the-answer-to-corporate-governance-and-risk-management-issues/#5a238c2ffb49 

3 

Robotic
Process Automation 

Robotic
Process Automation (RPA) also called intelligent automation or smart automation refers to advanced technologies
that can be programmed to perform a series of tasks, like data manipulation, triggering responses, and creating necessary communication
with other processes and systems. RPA is similar to traditional IT automation but the major difference between these technologies is
that RPA is, itself, capable of learning and is adaptive to changing circumstances, while a traditional IT automation system is not. [8]
 In Asia-Pacific, the RPA market size is estimated to be USD 29 Billion, implying 203 growth by 2021. [9] 

The
factor that is driving the growth of this market is the high level of cost savings for businesses. Since robots are utilized for the
processes it helps reduce operational costs and also the costs arising from human error. Thus, a onetime investment on RPA ensures high
returns to businesses who are more than eager to integrate these processes in their workflows. The adoption of RPA among SMEs, especially
financial services, are causing market growth to thrive. The increasing shift toward cloud-based solutions and the increasing adoption
of robot-based solutions in different industries are expected to create new opportunities for the establishment of the robotic process
automation market globally. Asia-Pacific is expected to emerge as the fastest growing market during the forecasted period. The development
of Asian countries and the demand for consumer electronic products is forcing manufacturers to adopt cost-effective technology in the
manufacturing process. With rapid advancements in digitization and information technology, the Asia Pacific region is expected to grow
at the highest CAGR in robotic process automation market. 

The
cost of Labour in the Southeast Asia region has required the significant use of RPA to augment the need to hire more staff to perform
mundane and repetitive tasks. The use of RPA has been the buzz word in all business sectors starting in Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand,
Philippines and Indonesia. 

Unattended
Payment Kiosk 

The
world is moving to a technological era where human interaction to perform daily tasks is falling rapidly. The unattended and self-service
kiosk market worldwide was valued at US 23.45 billion in 2018 and is set to grow with a CAGR of 9.1 during the forecast period [10] .
The market is primarily driven by the growing adoption of smart technologies in retail and banking industries. Globally, unattended or
self-service kiosk desks are being implemented mainly to develop operational efficiency with the aim of time management. Additionally,
the development of modern infrastructure and smart cities is increasing the significance of kiosks and thus has spurred its adoption
across various developed and developing regions. Furthermore, apart from commercial applications, self-service kiosks systems have gained
momentum in the industrial sector. 

As
mentioned earlier, payment at a kiosk is often the preferred option for consumers these days, as kiosks are benefiting from vastly improved
designs and are leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) technology to meet consumers needs. Meeting consumers needs also
means that use cases will proliferate as will the settings in which smart kiosks will be found. [11] In the long run,
companies could reduce costs by being able to serve more customers with the same number of, or fewer, staff, and kiosks are also very
effective in terms of retail space. 

With
the recent Covid-19 outbreak that has negatively affected the world, society prefers to perform their tasks, such as paying utility bills,
without any human interaction. As such, the unattended payment kiosk could see a further increase in popularity as an alternative method
of payment. 

[8]
 Robotic process automation market- growth, trends, and forecast (2019 - 2024) -https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/robotic-process-automation-market 

[9]
 Adoption of RPA in Asia Myth or Reality? - 

 https://www.pwccn.com/en/consulting/publications/adoption-of-rpa-in-asia.pdf 

[10]
 The Interactive and Self-Service Kiosk Market to 2027 - Growing Adoption of Smart Technologies in Retail and Banking Industries
is the Primary Driver 

 https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-interactive-and-self-service-kiosk-market-to-2027 growing-adoption-of-smart-technologies-in-retail-and-banking-industries-is-the-primary-driver-301003887.html 

[11]
 Looking Toward Unattended Retail s Bright Future At The Kiosk 

 https://www.pymnts.com/unattended-retail/2019/worldnet-kiosk-vending/ 

4 

Our
Solution and Services 

AsiaFIN
Holdings Corp, through its Malaysia and Hong Kong subsidiaries, is currently providing market research studies and consultancy services
pertaining to system solutions and integration of unattended payment kiosks and payment processes to its clients, who are related parties,
which are primarily payment solution companies in Malaysia. Although at present we currently provide services solely to companies located
in Malaysia, it is the Company s intention to expand our service area to companies located in Vietnam, Indonesia, Hong Kong, and
other areas of the South East Asia region. The purpose of our Hong Kong subsidiary is, in part, for geographic convenience pertaining
to our speculative future expansion efforts. We aspire to enhance the efficiency of our clients financial services system through
information technology and by promoting a Web-Based solution to our customers in addition to providing consulting services. Our mission
is to become the ecosystem enabler through our solutions in Payment Processing, Regulatory Technology (REGTECH), Robotic
Process Automation (RPA) and Unattended Payment Kiosks that help to facilitate the business operations, and assist with system integration,
for merchants and entrepreneurs in Asia. 

Below
are the progressive stages on how we provide, or will provide, our services to our clients: 

1. 
 Initiate
 Our officers will schedule a meeting with potential clients. With the skill and knowledge of our officers, one of whom is
 a technical engineer himself, we will meet and attempt to understand the client s business objectives and their business requirements
 through conversation. 

2. 
 Assessment
 Next, we will schedule a management team interview with our client where data or other information will be collected. Our
 officer(s) will assess the limitations the client is facing, and help the client identify their desired outcomes. A recommendation
 will usually be developed at this stage. 

3. 
 Contracting
 We will demonstrate a proposal of our recommended solution for the client s system implementation purposes and provide
 our quotation for the services. When the recommendation is accepted, we will enter into a service agreement with our clients. At
 this stage, we are focused on providing consultancy services, and developing a plan of action, for our clients needs. 

4. 
 Monitoring
 - Next, we will, subsequent to receiving an explanation from our client on their current system and resources, we will provide consultancy
 pertaining to an improved system implementation plan to our client. We will assist in monitoring the project integration progress
 and provide feedback to our client. 

5. 
 Sign-off
 After the implementation is completed, and the client is satisfied with the changes, we will send a sign-off form for our
 client to sign and the consulting process will end here. The duration of our services, from Initiation to Sign-Off, will vary widely
 based on the specific needs and goals of each client. 

Payment
Processing 

As
the cashless era is developing rapidly due to the ease of accessing the internet, people are slowly shifting from cash payment to e-payment
in order to perform transactions. AsiaFIN is currently acting as a consultant and payment solution advisor to financial institutions
and payment providers, we aim to shape their strategy, co-create new payment services, and transform their payment solutions to a more
optimized model for their business. The company believes that with a suitable model of payment solution, it will increase the likelihood
of consumers using the payment system to perform day to day transactions. Payment gateway (it authorizes payments such as e-commerce
transactions then securely transmits data to the processor to process) and payment processor (it connects the merchant accounts and the
e-payment gateway to pass information securely to settle the payment) are two major components of a payment transaction. 

AsiaFIN
is currently providing consulting services pertaining to system solutions and integration to its clients. In the near future, AsiaFIN
plans to develop its own Web based solutions on payment processing to financial institutions and payment system providers, that is capable
of supporting the Straight Through Processing (STP) of all types of payment transactions. AsiaFIN plans to approach digital software
solution providers like Silverlake Axis Limited, Temenos, to acquire our solutions for the integration of their payment system to multiple
payment gateways (e.g. Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications (SWIFT), Instant Interbank Fund Transfer (IBTF),
Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS), etc). Our solution intends to support all integration methods which include IBM Websphere MQ Series,
etc. Our 3 main key points for the characteristics of our payment software solution are, flexibility, security, and scalability: 

Flexibility
 Our software would be flexible and extendable to interface with various types of payment gateways (e.g. SWIFT, RTGS, IBFT and
etc); 

Security
 All data would be highly encrypted and can be decrypted only with our proprietary software; and 

Scalability
 Our solution shall be a stable product which is easy to configure to support 3-tier architecture (a client-server architecture
in which the functional process logic, data access, computer data storage and user interface are developed and maintained as independent
modules on separate platforms). 

RegTech 

AsiaFIN
plans to develop a software solution on regulatory and financial reporting (RegTech) which could integrate with XBRL reporting and other
compliance reporting required by Regulatory agencies such as Central Bank, Securities Commission, Tax Authority Department and Companies
Registry. Further, we hope to integrate with the Reporting system of ICT providers or digital software solution providers in these ASEAN
countries like Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia to ease and quicken the adoption of this reporting standard. We also plan to have strategic
collaboration with the ICT providers and reporting software solution providers in these ASEAN countries. We believe with our CEO and
director s extensive experience in the Financial IT industry, professional network in the ICT industry and technological knowledge,
it could ease the integration and collaboration process. 

Additionally,
the company plans to further develop this RegTech software solution, as mentioned above, in Web-Based to support professional service
providers such as business consultants, accountants, tax agents or tax consultants to manage all the regulatory report preparation and
automated report submission in a single platform, in order for them to file their reports to the Regulatory Bodies. 

5 

The
aforementioned solutions would provide facility to generate reports by integrating interfaces with source system. With this system, professional
service provider firms and consultant firms would be able to extract data from source systems, massage and merge with required business
rules and reporting logic, and make it into a report format required by Regulatory Bodies. 

At
present, all plans pertaining to the creation of a software solution on regulatory and financial reporting are in development, and we
cannot state with any certainty how much time, capital, or other resources will be required to complete development of a RegTech platform. 

Robotic
Process Automation 

The
Company plans to develop Robotic Process Automation software solutions for financial institutions with a focus on the beginning stages
of the financial institutions payment system pertaining to Customer Acquisition. Our system will automate the capturing of customer
information from identity cards, passports and other identification peripherals. Our solution will automatically extract data from customers 
identity card, passport, etc. and will immediately fill-in the forms, eliminating the friction and errors caused by manual input, through
Optical Character Recognition technology. Information extracted from an official identification document will then be checked against
existing financial institutions database for regulatory screening in Internal Blacklist Check, Anti Money Laundering, Credit Scoring
Check, FATCA and Common Reporting Standard (CRS), etc. Upon successful developing such solutions, we will mobilize the platform for the
ease of financial institutions to run their operations outside the branch with speedy operation turn-around time by automating the customer
profile screening process. However, at the moment we do not have a definite plan for development, and it is possible that our current,
preliminary, plans may change significantly over time. 

AsiaFIN
plans to first roll out our RPA solutions into South East Asia countries i.e. Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia and Myanmar and
thereafter to other Asia countries like Dubai. In addition, AsiaFin will seek to form joint ventures or strategic collaborations with
software solution providers in Asian countries to facilitate the integration of the system and market development in Asian countries. 

At
present, all plans pertaining to the creation of Robotic Process Automation are in development and we cannot state with any certainty
how much time, capital, or other resources will be required to complete development of a Robotic Process Automation solution. 

Unattended
Payment Kiosk 

The
usage of unattended payment kiosk is increasing rapidly, thereby resulting in a higher demand. There are different types of unattended
payment kiosks, and many of them have different functions such as ticketing, bill payment, etc. We are currently providing consulting
services to unattended payment kiosk providers pertaining to the features of the unattended payment kiosks they intend to manufacture
with new technology. With the experience of our officers and directors in Information and Communications Technology (ICT) industry, we
believe that we are able to benefit unattended payment kiosk providers by making recommendations pursuant to the needs of consumers.
The company also plans to have strategic collaboration with electronic payment system providers such as Touch n Go, a Malaysian
well known provider for toll expressway and highway operators pertaining to system integration with unattended payment kiosks. At present,
remain in the preliminary phase of our study on the potential integration of Touch n Go with unattended payment kiosks, and cannot
state with certainty when we will progress beyond this phase. 

Future
Plan 

Marketing 

AsiaFIN
plans to participate frequently in several international or regional scale industry roadshows, conferences, and exhibitions to promote
its Focus Solutions to potential markets in Asia. And with planned participation in Award programs, AsiaFIN can be recognized as a premium
solution provider in Asia. For example, Gulf Information Technology Exhibition GITEX Technology Week in Dubai, CES annual
trade show organized by Consumer Technology Association in Las Vegas, Singapore Fintech Festival organized by Monetary Authority of Singapore
in Singapore, and Robotic Process and Intelligence Automation Conference in Malaysia. 

6 

We
believe that while displaying our company through customized exhibition stands, banners, counters, brochures and leaflets at these events
or exhibition, we will be able to draw attention from the participants. We will then network and register these participants into our
prospective client list. Post event, we will utilize these connections by scheduling meetings in person with these prospects to demo
our proposed solutions (these proposed solutions maybe currently owned by third party or own by us in future). 

We
have developed our website at https://asiafingroup.com/ to market our services, and we intend to utilize search engine marketing to improve
the visibility of our corporate website once we have successfully raised some funds. We also plan to explore omnichannel marketing options
through different social medias such as Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook, to do a marketing campaign via direct messaging. 

We
also plan on reaching out to associations or any other organisations such as the FinTech Association of Malaysia FOAM once we have made contact thorough our marketing efforts. We plan to start email marketing campaigns and send out emails to a large database
associated with these organisations accumulated through their memberships, pending formalization of any collaboration with these associations
or organisations. 

In
addition, AsiaFIN plans to create market expansion through joint ventures or strategic collaborations with software solution providers
and unattended payment kiosk providers in ASEAN countries such as Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia and will then
further expand to the rest of countries in Asia. All of the above marketing plans have not yet been determined in sufficient detail to
outline at this time and remain under development. 

Competition 

AsiaFIN
plans to operate in a highly competitive industry. We intend to focus on selling our Focus Solutions to companies in Asia, with a particular
focus on ASEAN countries. Although there are numerous alternatives, we intend to distinguish ourselves by creating a strong relationship
with our clients and by ensuring our commitment to provide exceptional solutions. 

By
ensuring high customer satisfaction for our clients, we hope to ensure repeat sales from the same customers and generate the referral
of new clients. In addition, AsiaFIN will participate strongly in industry roadshows and conferences to promote our solutions to potential
markets in Asia. We intend to participate in Award programs, so we can be recognised as a premium solution provider in Asia. We intend
to use all available social media, for example LinkedIn, Instagram, and Facebook to promote our solutions. Lastly, the Company intends
to encourage our existing clients to furnish recommendation letters and organize signing ceremonies to further increase awareness of
our solutions and AsiaFIN in the future. 

Customers 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has generated 0 revenue from customers through the services rendered to clients pursuant
to market research and consultancy service on Unattended Payment Kiosk and payment processes. 

Employees 

Our
company consists of three employees which includes our Chief Executive Officer Mr. Wong Kai Cheong, our Executive Director, Mr. Seah
Kok Wah and our Finance Manager, Ms Cham Hui Yin. Currently, all of our employees, Officers and/or Directors have the flexibility to
work on our business up to 30 hours per week but are prepared to devote more time if necessary. As our business and operations increase,
we plan to hire full time management, technical and administrative support personnel. 

We
do not presently have pension, health, annuity, insurance, stock options, profit sharing, or similar benefit plans; however, we may adopt
plans in the future. There are presently no personal benefits available to our employees, Officers and/or Directors. 

7 

Government
Regulation 

We
are subject to a variety of foreign, federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations related to data protection, anti-money
laundering and intellectual property. If we fail to comply with present or future financial system laws and regulations, we could be
subject to fines, suspension of production or a cessation of operations. In addition, under some foreign, federal, state and local statutes
and regulations, a governmental agency may seek recovery and response costs from operators that violates the laws such as data breaching
or illegal use of intellectual property, even if the operator was not responsible for the release or otherwise was not at fault. 

If
we become aware of the need for any permits necessary to conduct our operations, then we will apply for and attempt to receive all financial
system related intellectual property or permits necessary to conduct our business. As of the current date, we are not aware of any intellectual
property or license that need to be registered from foreign, federal, state or local agencies. Any failure by us to control the use of
other s intellectual property or data breaching could subject us to substantial financial liabilities, operational interruptions
and adverse publicity, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
have listed the primary, but not necessarily only, rules and regulations that we believe apply to our business below: 

Malaysia 

1) 
 Financial
 Services Act 2013 (FSA) and the Islamic Financial Services Act 2013 (IFSA) 

The
FSA and IFSA came into force in 2013 replacing the repealed Payment System Act 2003 (PSA) The FSA and IFSA incorporates strengthened
provisions to regulate payment system operators and payment instrument issuers in order to promote safe, efficient and reliable payment
systems and instruments. Operators of systems that enable the transfer of funds from one banking account to another or provide payment
instrument network operation will require approval from the Central Bank of Malaysia to operate such systems. As for those wishing to
offer merchant acquiring services, such person is required to be registered with the Central Bank of Malaysia. 

The
FSA and IFSA contain provisions that enable Central Bank of Malaysia to effectively perform its oversight role. In general, this includes
empowering the Bank to specify standards, as well as, to issue directions, for the purpose of ensuring the safety, integrity, efficiency
and reliability of the payment systems and payment instruments 

2) 
 Personal
 Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA) . 

Personal
Data Protection Department (PDPD) is an agency under the Ministry of Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC) was established
on May 16, 2011 after the Parliament passed the bill relating to the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA) of Act 709. The main responsibility
of this department is to oversee the processing of personal data of individuals involved in commercial transactions by User Data that
is not misused and misapplied by the parties concerned. 

Based
on laws and regulations regarding PDPA requires that an individual must consent to the processing and disclosure of his/her personal
data. In processing personal data, we are also required to take steps and implement measures to protect the personal data from loss,
misuse and modification and maintain the integrity of the personal data processed. The personal data processed should not be kept longer
than is necessary for the fulfillment of the purpose for which it was collected and generally cannot be transferred offshore without
the consent of the individual to whom it relates. 

8 

3) 
 Anti-Money
 Laundering, Anti-Terrorism Financing and Proceeds of Unlawful Activities Act 2001 (AMLATFA) 

The
AMLATFA provides for the offence of money laundering, the measures to be taken for the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing
offenses, investigation powers and the forfeiture of property involved in or derived from money laundering and terrorism financing offenses,
as well as terrorist property, proceeds of an unlawful activity and instrumentalities of an offenses. 

Under
the Guidelines, the level and frequency of due diligence required should be commensurate with the level of money laundering and terrorism
financing risk posed by the customer based on the risk profiles and nature of the transactions. AMLATFA provides for substantial monetary
and imprisonment penalties for the failure to comply with the preventive measures laid down in AMLATFA. Similarly, failure to comply
with the Guidelines may be an offense. 

4) 
 Intellectual
 Property Protection 

Intellectual
property system in Malaysia is administered by the Intellectual Property Corporation of Malaysia (MyIPO), an agency under the Ministry
of Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs. Intellectual property protection in Malaysia comprises of patents, trademarks, industrial designs,
copyright and etc. 

a. 
 Patents 

The
Patents Act 1983 and the Patents Regulations 1986 govern patent protection in Malaysia. An applicant may file a patent application directly
if he is domicile or resident in Malaysia. A foreign application can only be filed through a registered patent agent in Malaysia acting
on behalf of the applicant. Under the Act, the utility innovation certificate provides for an initial duration of ten years protection
from the date of filing of the application and renewable for further two consecutive terms of five years each subject to use 

b. 
 Trade
 Marks 

Trade
mark protection is governed by the Trade Marks Act 1976 and the Trade Marks Regulations 1997. The Act provides protection for registered
trademarks and service marks in Malaysia. Once registered, no person or enterprise other than its proprietor or authorized users may
use them. Infringement action can be initiated against abusers. The period of protection is ten years, renewable for a period of every
ten years thereafter. The proprietor of the trade mark or service mark has the right to deal or assign as well as to license its use.
As with patents, while local applicant may file applications on their own, foreign applicants will have to do so through registered trade
mark agents. 

c. 
 Copyright 

The
Copyright Act 1987 provides comprehensive protection for copyright works. The Act outlines the nature of works eligible for copyright
(which includes computer programs), the scope of protection, and the manner in which the protection is accorded. Copyright subsists in
every work eligible for copyright protection of which the author is a qualified person. 

The
Copyright (Amendment) Act 2012 entered into force on 1 March 2012. The Act was amended to be in line with technological development and
to adhere to the international IP conventions/treaties relating to copyright and related rights. 

9 

5) 
 Tax
 Treatments 

a. 
 Digital
 tax 

Malaysia s
transition to a digital economy, the imposition of 6 service tax on foreign digital services Digital Tax came into force
on 1 January 2020 pursuant to the Service Tax (Amendment) Act 2019. With the inception of this Digital Tax, foreign service providers FSPs are now required to account and pay a service tax of 6 on any digital services provided by an FSP to consumers
in Malaysia, including services provided by businesses to consumers. 

The
Act defines digital service as any service that is delivered or subscribed over the internet or other electronic network
and which cannot be obtained without the use of information technology and where the delivery of the service is essentially automated.
Under the Guide, it further is stated that [d]igital services means services that is to be delivered through information technology
medium with minimal or no human intervention from service provider. 

Hong
Kong 

1) 
 Anti-Money
 Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing Ordinance (AMLO) (Cap. 615) 

This
Ordinance provides for the statutory requirements relating to customer due diligence (CDD) and record-keeping for all financial institutions,
which include money remitters and money exchangers (collectively referred to as money service operators and making such an obligation
legally enforceable. 

In
the event that the CDD requirements are not met, this would be classified as an offence under the AMLO. Enforcement action would then
be taken by the relevant regulator, such as Hong Kong Monetary Authority and Securities and Futures Commission (Hong Kong) , depending
on the financial institution involved in the breach.. In addition, in regards to money service operators, the Customs and Excise Department
will be the regulator and will be responsible for taking enforcement action for any breach of the CDD requirements 

2) 
 Intellectual
 Property Protection 

To
underline the commitment of intellectual property protection, the Government established the Intellectual Property Department on 2 July
1990. The Intellectual Property Department is responsible for advising the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development on policies
and legislation to protect intellectual property in the Hong Kong SAR; for operating the Hong Kong SAR s Trade Marks, Patents,
Designs and Copyright Licensing Bodies Registries; for promoting awareness and protection of intellectual property through public education;
and for facilitating the development of Hong Kong as an intellectual property trading hub in the region. 

a. 
 Patents 

Hong
Kong SAR patent law is territorial. Patents granted in the Hong Kong SAR will only get protection in the Hong Kong SAR. The Hong Kong
SAR patent system is separate from the other patent systems in the Mainland or elsewhere in the world. In other words, patents granted
by the State Intellectual Property Office in the Mainland or other patent offices elsewhere do not automatically enjoy protection in
Hong Kong. 

b. 
 Trade
 Marks 

The
Hong Kong SAR s trade mark registration system is separate from the other trade mark systems in the Mainland or elsewhere in the
world. Trade marks registered with the Trademark Office under the State Administration for Industry and Commerce of the People s
Republic of China or trademarks registries of other countries or regions do not automatically receive protection in the Hong Kong SAR.
In order to obtain protection as registered trademarks in the Hong Kong SAR, trademarks must be registered under the Trade Marks Ordinance
(Cap 559). 

3) 
 Personal
 Data (Privacy) Ordinance (PDPO) (Cap. 486) 

The
Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (PDPO) is the main legislation in Hong Kong that regulates the collection, use, transfer, processing
and storage of personal data and regulates both private and public sectors. However, some data users may be exempt from certain requirements
under the PDPO, for instance, where personal data is held/disclosed: 

for
 domestic or recreational purposes; 

by
 a court, magistrate or a judicial officer in the course of performing judicial functions; 

by
 or on behalf of the government to safeguard Hong Kong s security, defence or international relations; 

to
 prevent or detect crime; or 

solely
 for the purpose of a news activity. 

The
Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data (PCPD) has issued codes of practice, guidance notes and information leaflets that
provide data protection guidance in relation to specific industry sectors and activities, for instance, employee monitoring and the collection
and use of personal data through the Internet. Although these guidelines are not legally binding, the PCPD may take into consideration
any non-compliance with these guidelines when determining whether a data user has contravened the data protection principles of the PDPO. 

10 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTY 

We
have one physical office, which is located at Suite 30.02, 30th Floor, Menara KH (Promet), Jalan Sultan Ismail, 50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our
business. We are not currently involved in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our
business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. We may become involved in material legal proceedings in the future. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

11 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 73,319,800 shares of our Common Stock par value, .0001 issued and outstanding. There were 149 beneficial
owners of our Common Stock. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent for our capital stock is VStock Transfer, LLC, with an address at 18, Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598 and telephone
number is +1 (212)828-843. 

Penny
Stock Regulations 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security
that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share. Our Common Stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition
of penny stock and be subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities
to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000, or annual
incomes exceeding 200,000 individually, or 300,000, together with their spouse). 

For
transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities
and have received the purchaser s prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt
transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole
market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly
statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stocks. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock
and may affect the ability of investors to sell their Common Stock in the secondary market. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must
have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced
securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s
financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that
there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements
make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the investors 
ability to buy and sell our stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

Any
future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends on shares of our Common Stock will be made at the discretion of our
board of directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. We are under no obligations or restrictions to declare or pay dividends
on our shares of Common Stock. In addition, we currently have no plans to pay such dividends. Our board of directors currently intends
to retain all earnings for use in the business for the foreseeable future. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Currently,
there is no equity compensation plan in place. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

Currently,
there is no unregistered sales of equity securities. 

12 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
have not repurchased any shares of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Report. 

Certain
statements in this Report constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements, which involve risks
and uncertainties, regarding, among other things, (a) our projected sales, profitability, and cash flows, (b) our growth strategy, (c)
anticipated trends in our industry, (d) our future financing plans, and (e) our anticipated needs for, and use of, working capital. They
are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, anticipate, 
 estimate, plan, potential, project, continuing, ongoing, 
 expects, management believes, we believe, we intend, or the negative of these
words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance
that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. 

The
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities
laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which
the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

Overview 

AsiaFIN
Holdings Corp. is a company that operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, AsiaFIN Holdings Corp., a Company organized in Labuan,
Malaysia. It should be noted that our wholly owned subsidiary, AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. owns 100 AsiaFIN Holdings Limited, the operating
Hong Kong Company. The purpose of the Company s Labuan, Malaysia subsidiary structure is for the Labuan, Malaysia subsidiary to
act as a holding company. At the present time, we do not have definitive plans for which markets we will be expanding to, but we will
utilize this subsidiary to prepare for future expansion efforts. The purpose of the Hong Kong Company is to function as the current regional
hub, carrying out the majority of physical operations, of the Company. All of the previous entities share the same exact business plan. 

13 

We
have one physical office, which is located at Suite 30.02, 30th Floor, Menara KH (Promet), Jalan Sultan Ismail, 50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 

Through
our Malaysia and Hong Kong subsidiaries, we are currently providing market research studies and consulting services pertaining to system
solutions and integration of unattended payment kiosks and payment processing to our clients. Our present clients, who are related parties,
are payment solution companies located in Malaysia, although we intend to provide services to other geographic regions in the future. 

We
have additional plans to develop our own software, which we anticipate we will be able to be merge and integrate onto such Payment Processing
or Unattended Payment Kiosk, to accept payments and also collect data. Additionally, we have plans, which we are still developing and
exploring, to create Web-Based Solutions in four areas which include Payment Processing, Regulatory Technology (REGTECH), Robotic Process
Automation (RPA) and Unattended Payment Kiosks for financial institutions, and other industries. We refer to the four pillars of our
business as Focus Solutions . 

At
a later date, we may decide to expand upon our current plans and may also explore options of developing additional software types. We
intend to utilize existing and future relationships that may be gained by our officers and directors as a means to expand our reach across
the South East Asia region, which has a population of approximately 660 million individuals. We believe this market provides us a large
pool of businesses that may benefit from our current and future service offerings and or software that may become available as our business
plan progresses. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated revenue
income in the amount of 0, and 0. The revenue generated was the result of services rendered to clients pursuant to market
research and consultancy service on Unattended Payment Kiosk and payment processes. 

Cost
of Revenue and Gross Profit 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cost incurred in providing system
development advisory services is 0, and 0. The Company generates gross profits of 0, and 0. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 amounted to 122,283, and 378,235 respectively. These expenses are comprised of consultancy fees for listing advisory, professional fee, compliance
fee, office and outlet operation expenses and depreciation. 

Other
Income 

The
Company recorded an amount of 14,080, and 87 as other income for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. This income is derived from fixed deposit interest earned and foreign exchange gain. 

14 

Net
Loss and Net Loss Margin 

The
net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 112,202, as compared to net loss 377,505 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net loss of 265,303 is contributed to the substantial decrease in general
and administrative expenses incurred. The accumulated loss for the Company has increased from 451,870
to 564,072. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 we had cash and cash equivalents of 874,690 and 980,681. We expect increased levels of operations
going forward will result in more significant cash flows and in turn working. 

We
depend substantially on financing activities to provide us with the liquidity and capital resources we need to meet our working capital
requirements and to make capital investments in connection with ongoing operations. 

Cash
Used in Operating Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, net cash used in operating activities was negative 105,991 and
negative 377,671 cash generated respectively. The cash used in operating activities was mainly for payment of general and administrative
expenses. 

Credit
Facilities 

We
do not have any credit facilities or other access to bank credit. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Basis
of presentation 

The
consolidated financial statements for AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. and its subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022 is prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP and include the accounts
of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. and AsiaFIN Holdings Limited. Intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated on consolidation. 

Basis
of consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All inter-company accounts and transactions
have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Use
of estimates 

Management
uses estimates and assumptions in preparing these financial statements in accordance with US GAAP. Those estimates and assumptions affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in the balance sheets, and the reported
revenue and expenses during the year reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Cash
and cash equivalents 

Cash
and cash equivalents are carried at cost and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions
and all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. 

15 

Revenue
recognition 

In
accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic
606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , the Company recognizes revenue from sales of goods following five steps: (1)
identify the contract with a customer; (2) Identify performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4)
Allocate the transaction price; and (5) recognize revenue when performance obligation are satisfied. 

Revenue
is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of discounts and taxes applicable to the revenue. The
Company derives its revenue from provision of providing system development advisory services, market research and marketing surveys regarding
unattended kiosk and payment processing preferences. 

Cost
of revenue 

Cost
of revenue includes the cost incurred in providing system development advisory services, market research and marketing surveys regarding
unattended kiosk and payment processing preferences. 

Income
taxes 

Income
taxes are determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC Topic 740 ).
Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the periods in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date. 

ASC
740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements
uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the
financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax
positions must initially and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

16 

Net
loss per share 

The
Company calculates net loss per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260 Earnings per share . Basic loss per share is computed
by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the years. Diluted loss per share is computed
similar to basic loss per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would
have been outstanding if the potential common stock equivalents had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. 

Foreign
currencies translation 

The
reporting currency of the Company and its subsidiaries in Labuan and Hong Kong are United States Dollars US ), being the
primary currency of the economic environment in which these entities operate. 

Transactions
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing
at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated
into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded
in the statements of operations. 

In
general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiary whose functional currency is not the US are translated
into US , in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, Translation of Financial Statement , using the exchange rate on the
balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the years. The gains and losses resulting
from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiary are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive
income within the statement of stockholders equity. 

Translation
of amounts from RM and HK into US 1 has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective years: 

As of year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Year-end RM : US 1 exchange rate 
 4.40 
 4.17 
 
 Year-average RM : US 1 exchange rate 
 4.40 
 4.14 
 
 Year-end HK : US 1 exchange rate 
 7.81 
 7.80 
 
 Year-average HK : US 1 exchange rate 
 7.83 
 7.78 

Related
parties 

Parties,
which can be a corporation or individual, are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control
the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Companies are also
considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. 

Fair
value of financial instruments: 

The
carrying value of the Company s financial instruments: cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and
amount due to a director approximate at their fair values because of the short-term nature of these financial instruments. 

The
Company also follows the guidance of the ASC Topic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820-10 ),
with respect to financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. ASC 820-10 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level
 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

Level
 2: Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level
 3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

17 

Recent
accounting pronouncements 

The
Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and do not believe the future adoption of
any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

In
May 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-05, which is an update to ASU Update No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic
326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which introduced the expected credit losses methodology for the measurement
of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis, replacing the previous incurred loss methodology. The amendments
in Update 2016-13 added Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, and made several consequential amendments to the Codification.
The amendments in this Update address those stakeholders concerns by providing an option to irrevocably elect the fair value option
for certain financial assets previously measured at amortized cost basis. For those entities, the targeted transition relief will increase
comparability of financial statement information by providing an option to align measurement methodologies for similar financial assets.
 Furthermore, the targeted transition relief also may
reduce the costs for some entities to comply with the amendments in Update 2016-13 while still providing financial statement users with
decision-useful information. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-10, which to update the effective date of ASU No. 2016-13
for private companies, not-for-profit organizations and certain smaller reporting companies applying for credit losses, leases, and hedging
standard. The new effective date for these preparers is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. ASU 2019-05 is effective
for the Company for annual and interim reporting periods beginning January 1, 2023 as the Company is qualified as a smaller reporting
company. The Company is currently evaluating the impact ASU 2019-05 may have on its consolidated financial statements. 

FASB
issues various Accounting Standards Updates relating to the treatment and recording of certain accounting transactions. On June 10, 2014,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915)
Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810,
 Consolidation , which eliminates the concept of a development stage entity (DSE) entirely from current accounting guidance. The
Company has elected adoption of this standard, which eliminates the designation of DSEs and the requirement to disclose results of operations
and cash flows since inception. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

18 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements required by this item are located in PART IV of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Report, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based on the foregoing
evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses described below. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f)
promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and
principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the company; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
 made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent
limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on such evaluation, the Company s management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, concluded that, during the period covered by this Report, internal controls over financial reporting
were not effective. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting
that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

19 

Identified
Material Weakness 

A
material weakness in internal control over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that
results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, identified the following material weakness during
its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

1. 
 We
 do not have adequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment, lack of segregation of duties and effective risk assessment
 may cause the Company to face the likelihood of fraud or theft, due to poor oversight, governance and review to detect errors. 

2.
 
 We
 lack a functional internal audit department or personnel that monitors the consistencies of the preventive internal control procedures
 and lack of adequate policies and procedures in internal audit function to ensure that the Company s policies and procedures
 have been carried out as planned. 

Accordingly,
the Company concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

As
a result of the material weaknesses described above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by COSO. 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated,
or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

1. 
 We
 plan to create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical
 accounting expertise within the accounting function. The accounting personnel is responsible for reviewing the financing activities,
 facilitate the approval of the financing, record the information regarding the financing, and submit SEC filing related documents
 to our legal counsel in order to comply with the filing requirements of SEC. 

2. 
 We
 intend to add staff members to our management team for making sure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
 and submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required and will the staff members
 will have segregated responsibilities with regard to these responsibilities. 

3. 
 We
 intend to establish an internal audit function with assessment to improve internal control. 

We
anticipate that these initiatives will be at least partially, if not fully, implemented by the year ended 2022. 

Changes
in internal controls over financial reporting 

There
was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year covered by this Report, which has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting: 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered independent public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered independent
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

20 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
executive officer s and director s and their respective ages as of the date hereof are as follows: 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Wong
 Kai Cheong 
 
 60 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 
 
 Seah
 Kok Wah 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officer and director. 

Wong
Kai Cheong President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 

Mr.
Wong Kai Cheong was recognized as a Professional Electrical Engineer from the Engineering Council of the United Kingdom. Throughout his
career path, we believe he has achieved astounding results and success in this field. 

Mr.
Wong Kai Cheong started his career in the Financial IT industry as a hardware engineer in Sime Darby Systems Sdn. Bhd. to the position
of General Manager in AIMS Sdn. Bhd.. After having 15 years of experience, he started the Insite MY Group of Companies (InsiteMY) in
the year 2002. Today, after 20 years, InsiteMY has more than 100 staffs with offices in Malaysia and with customers covering from Malaysia,
Philippines, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Myanmar. 

Besides
having a technical background, Mr. Wong Kai Cheong has strong domain knowledge in payments and recently in cheque clearing and cheque
truncation in particular. He travels the world educating customers and partners on the benefits and advantages of cheque truncation and
other payment methods. 

Through
him and his team, InsiteMY has established themselves as a reliable solution partner to the banking industry for payments, reporting,
risk management and compliance in Malaysia. All products developed by InsiteMY are under the purview of the Malaysia Digital Economy
Corporation (MDEC) as local home-grown IT products. All research and development are done by the local Malaysian expertise under the
guidance of MDEC. 

Once
again in 2018, he cofounded another R D company called OrangeFIN Asia Sdn. Bhd., focusing on Robotics Process Automation (RPA). These
software robots were developed first for cheque clearing functions with artificial intelligence. These robots replace humans in making
decisions for approving and clearing cheques for a local bank in Malaysia. Now OrangeFIN aims to put a robot in every organisation in
Malaysia and throughout Southeast Asia. 

Seah
Kok Wah Director 

Mr.
Seah Kok Wah , a Malaysian, currently serves as the Executive Director of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. 

Mr.
Seah Kok Wah graduated from California State University, Chico, the United States of America with a Bachelor s Degree in Computer
Engineering and a Master s Degree in Computer Science (with Distinction). He also holds a doctorate in International Business.
In 1994, Mr. Seah Kok Wah began his tech career in Silicon Valley California as a software developer for Software Publishing Corporation
and Netscape Communications Corporation. He returned to Malaysia in 1997, recruited by Sun Microsystem Malaysia to provide consultancy
to the MSC Smart Schools and Telemedicine flagship projects. 

Mr.
Seah Kok Wah started his entrepreneurship journey in 2001. He co-founded several companies including Afor Pte Ltd Singapore in 2002 which
floated on the Singapore Stock Exchange in 2008 and subsequently rebranded as Epicenter Holdings Ltd (SGX:5MQ). In 2010, Mr. Seah Kok
Wah co-founded Galasys PLC (LSE:GLS), a company that was floated on the London Stock Exchange in 2014. During his time in Galasys PLC,
Mr. Seah Kok Wah served as the Chief Executive Officer. In 2018, He has co-founded SEATech Ventures Corp. (OTC-PINK: SEAV) and it was
floated in late 2020. Mr. Seah Kok Wah has co-founded Angkasa-X Group of companies recently and serves as the Executive Chairman. 

Mr.
Seah Kok Wah has been appointed as the Chairman of The World Information Technology and Services Alliance (WITSA), a leading consortium
of ICT industry association-members from over 80 global companies. WITSA members represent over 90 of the world IT market. 

21 

Corporate
Governance 

The
Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in
other public communications made by the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations.
The Company has not formally adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers
and Directors as the Company is not required to do so. 

In
lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning
the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company s financial
statements and other services provided by the Company s independent public accountants. The Board of Directors and the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company review the Company s internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Committees
of the Board 

Our
Company currently does not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our
Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our Directors believes that it is not necessary to have such
committees, at this time, because the Director(s) can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Our
Board of Directors has determined that we do not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K, nor do we have a Board member that qualifies as independent as the term
is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14)
of the FINRA Rules. 

We
believe that our Director(s) are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and
procedures for financial reporting. The Director(s) of our Company does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because
management believes that the Board of Directors can adequately perform the functions of an audit committee. In addition, we believe that
retaining an independent Director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome
and is not warranted in our circumstances given the stage of our development and the fact that we have not generated any positive cash
flows from operations to date. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
Directors and our Executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 bankruptcy
 petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the
 bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

3. 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; or 

4. 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
 violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

5. 
 Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State
 securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended,
 or vacated; 

6. 
 Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not
 been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7. 
 Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of:(i) Any Federal or State securities or commodities
 law or regulation; or(ii) Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited
 to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist
 order, or removal or prohibition order; or(iii) Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with
 any business entity; or 

8. 
 Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
 organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that
 has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Independence
of Directors 

We
are not required to have independent members of our Board of Directors, and do not anticipate having independent Directors until such
time as we are required to do so. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not adopted a formal Code of Ethics. The Board of Directors evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and
determined that since the business is operated by a small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal,
business conduct and securities laws are adequate ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or Directors expand
in the future, we may take actions to adopt a formal Code of Ethics. 

Shareholder
Proposals 

Our
Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors.
The Board of Directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little
assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum
criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such
nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations
for election or appointment. 

A
shareholder who wishes to communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President,
at the address appearing on the first page of this Information Statement. 

22 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our principal executive officer, and principal financial officer
who served for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, for services rendered in all capacities to us. 

Summary
Compensation Table: 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Wong
Kai Cheong, Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Treasurer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cham
 Hui Yin, Finance Manager 
 2022 
 13,592 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 13,592 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer) 
 2021 
 4,793 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,793 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors
and executive officers may receive stock options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material
bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers,
except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors from time to time. We have no plans or arrangements
in respect of remuneration received or that may be received by our executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of termination
of employment (as a result of resignation, retirement, change of control) or a change of responsibilities following a change of control. 

Stock
Option Grants 

We
have not granted any stock options to our executive officers since our incorporation. 

Employment
Agreements 

Except
for Ms. Cham Hui Yin, we do not have an employment or consulting agreement with any officers or Directors. 

Ms.
Cham Hui Yin was appointed and entered into an employment agreement with effect on September 1, 2021 and would expire on August 31, 2024.
Under the terms of the agreements, Ms. Cham Hui Yin was entitled to receive a monthly salary of RM5,000. She is entitled to reimbursement
for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with her services on our behalf. The employment agreement
also contains normal and customary terms relating to confidentiality, indemnification, non-solicitation and ownership of intellectual
property. 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

Director
Compensation 

Our
Board of Directors does not currently receive any consideration for their services as members of the Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors reserves the right in the future to award the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock based consideration for their
services to the Company, which awards, if granted shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors. 

Executive
Compensation Philosophy 

Our
Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves
the right to pay our executive or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock in consideration for services
rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s
performance. This package may also include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance
of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance
base stock options to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination
believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive
Bonus 

The
Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the
Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and
growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability
of such executives. 

Long-term,
Stock Based Compensation 

In
order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award
our executive and any future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of
Directors, which we do not currently have any immediate plans to award. 

23 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has 73,319,800 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which number of issued and outstanding
shares of common stock have been used throughout this report. 

The
following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022 certain information with regard to the record and beneficial ownership of the Company s
common stock by (i) each person known to the Company to be the record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s common
stock, (ii) each director of the Company, (iii) each of the named executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers and directors of
the Company as a group: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Common Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 Total Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Wong Kai Cheong, Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 
 21,950,000 
 29.94 
 29.94 

Seah Kok Wah 1 , Director 
 21,850,000 
 29.80 
 29.80 
 
 All of executive officers and director as a group 
 43,800,000 
 59.74 
 59.74 

5 or greater shareholders (excluding officers/directors) 

Hoo Swee Ping 
 8,000,000 
 10.91 
 10.91 
 
 SEATech Ventures Corp. 2 
 10,000,000 
 13.64 
 13.64 
 
 AsiaFIN Talent Sdn. Bhd. 3 
 4,984,500 
 6.80 
 6.80 

1
 Seah Kok Wah owns and controls 95 of the issued and outstanding shares of See Unicorn Ventures Sdn. Bhd.. The values within the
row above under the subsection titled, Executive Officers and Directors, for Mr. Seah, are computed accounting for Mr.
Seah s indirect ownership in the Company via his control of See Unicorn Ventures Sdn. Bhd. This row does not, however,
account for his ownership in the Company via his ownership stake of approximately 21.70 in SEATech Ventures Corp. 

2
 Seah Kok Wah owns and controls approximately 21.70 of the issued and outstanding shares of SEATech Ventures Corp. 

3
 Mr. Kang Kok Seng Michael and Mr. Ng Kai Thim are the controlling shareholders of AsiaFIN Talent Sdn. Bhd.. 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment
 power with respect to securities. Beneficial ownership also includes shares of stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable
 or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this table. In determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity as
 of the date of this Report, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including
 shares which may be acquired within 60 days on exercise of warrants or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b)
 the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of common stock outstanding on as of the date of this Annual Report (73,319,800
 shares), and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of the derivative securities. Unless
 otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. 

(2) 
 Based
 on the total issued and outstanding shares of 73,319,800 as of the date of this Annual Report. 

24 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

On
June 14, 2019, the Company issued 100,000 shares of restricted common stock, with a par value of 0.0001 per share, to Wong Kai Cheong
in consideration of 10. The 10 in proceeds went to the Company to be used as working capital. Mr. Wong serves as our Chief Executive
Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and as member of our Board of Directors. 

On
September 18, 2020 Mr. Seah Kok Wah was appointed Director of the Company. 

On
December 18, 2019, we, the Company acquired 100 of the equity interests of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. (herein referred to
as the Malaysia Company ), a private limited company incorporated in Labuan, Malaysia. In consideration of the equity interests
of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp., our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Wong was compensated 1 HKD. 

On
December 20, 2019, the Company issued 21,900,000 shares of restricted common stock to Wong Kai Cheong with a par value of 0.0001 per
share, in consideration of 2,190. The 2,190 in proceeds went to the Company to be used as working capital. 

On
December 20, 2019, the Company issued 21,850,000 shares of restricted common stock to See Unicorn Ventures Sdn. Bhd., a company incorporated
in Malaysia, with a par value of 0.0001 per share, in consideration of 2,185. The 2,185 went to the Company to be used as working
capital. Our Director, Seah Kok Wah, is a shareholder of See Unicorn Ventures, Sdn. Bhd.. 

On
December 20, 2019, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to SEATech Ventures Corp., a company incorporated
in Nevada, with a par value of 0.0001 per share, in consideration of 1,000. The 1,000 went to the Company to be used as working capital.
Seah Kok Wah is an Officer and Director of and also a shareholder of SEATech Ventures Corp., owning 21 of the voting power of SEATech
Ventures Corp. 

On
December 20, 2019, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to AsiaFIN Talent Sdn. Bhd., a company incorporated
in Malaysia, with a par value of 0.0001 per share, in consideration of 500. The 500 went to the Company to be used as working capital. 

Mr.
Kang Kok Seng Michael and Mr. Ng Kai Thim are each an Officer and Director of, and also the controlling shareholders of AsiaFIN Talent
Sdn. Bhd.. 

On
December 23, 2019, AsiaFIN Holdings Corp., Malaysia Company acquired AsiaFIN Holdings Limited (herein referred to as the Hong
Kong Company ), a private limited company incorporated in Hong Kong. In consideration of the equity interests of AsiaFIN Holdings
Limited, our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Wong was compensated 1 HKD. 

On
February 7, 2020, the Company issued 500,000 shares of restricted common stock to Jeremy Wong Zi Jun at the purchase price of 0.10 per
share, for a total purchase price of 50,000. The 50,000 in proceeds went to the Company to be used as working capital. Mr. Jeremy Wong
Zi Jun is the son of the Mr. Wong Kai Cheong, who is serving as the company s Chief Executive Director. 

In
regards to all of the above transactions we claim an exemption from registration afforded by Section 4a(2) and/or Regulation S of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended Regulation S due to the fact that all sales of stock were made to non-U.S. persons
(as defined under Rule 902 section (k)(2)(i) of Regulation S), pursuant to offshore transactions, and no directed selling efforts were
made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of
the foregoing. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company provided consulting services to Insite MY Systems Sdn. Bhd., identified
as Customer A, pertaining to market studies of payment processing trends in Asia. Mr. Wong, our Chief Executive Officer and Director,
is also the director and a shareholder of Insite MY Systems Sdn. Bhd.. The revenue generated from Insite MY Systems Sdn. Bhd. amounted
to 0 and 28,000 in 2021 and 2020. 

For
the period ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company provided consulting services to GLS IT Solutions Sdn. Bhd., identified
as Customer B, pertaining to market studies of, and advisory on, unattended payment kiosk user preferences in the Southeast Asia market.
Mr. Seah, who serves as our Director, is also the Director and a shareholder of GLS IT Solutions Sdn. Bhd.. The revenue generated from
GLS IT Solutions Sdn. Bhd. amounted to 0 and 28,000 in 2021 and 2020. 

We
have one physical office, which is located at Suite 30.02, 30th Floor, Menara KH (Promet), Jalan Sultan Ismail, 50250 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 

25 

RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and year ended December 31, 2021 the Company has following
transactions with related parties: 

For the year
ended December 31, 2022 (Audited) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 (Audited) 
 
 Professional Fees 

- SEATech Ventures (HK) Limited 1 
 25,000 
 185,000 
 
 - Tan Hock Chye 2 
 - 
 2,400 

Rental 

- Insite MY Innovations Sdn. Bhd. 3 
 12,000 
 - 

Total 
 12,000 
 187,400 

1 SEATech
Venture (HK) Limited, through its wholly subsidiary of SEATech Venture Corp is a 13.6 shareholder of the Company. Mr. Seah Kok Wah,
our Director, is the Director of GLS IT Solutions Sdn. Bhd. and SEATech Ventures Corp. SEATech Ventures Corp. is a shareholder of the
Company and also the holding company of SEATech Ventures (HK) Limited. 

2 Mr
Tan Hock Chye is one of the shareholders of the Company. 

3 Insite
MY Innovations Sdn. Bhd., through its wholly subsidiary of StarFIN Asia Sdn. Bhd.. Wong Kai Cheong is a 57.1 shareholder of the StarFIN
Asia Sdn. Bhd. and is a 29.94 shareholder of the AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. 

Review,
Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions 

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to
establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so
that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee
thereof. On a moving forward basis, our Directors will continue to approve any related party transaction. 

26 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Below
is the aggregate amount of fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accountants with respect to our last two fiscal
years. 

ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 29,000 
 10,000 
 
 Audit related fees 
 4,533 
 5,000 
 
 Tax fees 
 6,500 
 3,000 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 40,033 
 18,000 

The
category of Audit fees includes fees for our annual audit, quarterly reviews and services rendered in connection with regulatory
filings with the SEC, such as the issuance of comfort letters and consents. 

The
category of Audit-related fees includes employee benefit plan audits, internal control reviews and accounting consultation. 

The
category of Tax fees includes fees for our annual tax assessment rendered in connection with annually tax filings. 

All
of the professional services rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last years were approved by our board of directors. 

27 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Financial Statements 

The
following are filed as part of this report: 

Financial
Statements 

The
following financial statements of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are presented in
the F pages of this Report: 

Page 

Index 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Financial
 Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 F-17 

(b)
Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed or furnished herewith: 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation 

3.2 
 Bylaws 

31.1 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal executive officer 

31.2 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal financial officer 

32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal executive officer 

32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal financial officer 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase
Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL
document) 

Filed herewith. 

As filed in the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 Amendment No.8 (File No. 333-228847) on March 19, 2021 

28 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. 

Date:
16 February 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Wong Kai Cheong 

Wong
 Kai Cheong 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Director, Secretary, Treasurer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 16 February 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Wong Kai Cheong 

Wong
 Kai Cheong 

Chief
 Executive Officer, 

President,
 Director, Secretary and Treasurer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 16 February 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Cham Hui Yin 

Cham
 Hui Yin 

Finance
 Manager 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 16 February 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Seah Kok Wah 

Seah
 Kok Wah 

Director 

29 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 - F-17 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors and Stockholders of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. 

 Suite
30.02, 30 th Floor, Menara KH (Promet), 

 Jalan
Sultan Ismail, 

 50250
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022,
and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flow for year ended December
31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Going
Concern 

The
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial
statements, the Company s losses from operations and negative operating cashflows raise substantial doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters also are described in Note 2. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current year audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to those charged with governance that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical matters. 

/s/ JP CENTURION PARTNERS
 PLT 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

JP
Centurion Partners PLT (PCAOB: 

 . 

 15
February, 2023 

F- 2 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Audited) 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Deposits and other receivables 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Account payable 
 - 

Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended December 31,
 2021 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 

REVENUE 
 - 
 - 

COST OF REVENUE 
 - 
 - 

GROSS PROFIT 
 - 
 - 

OTHER INCOME 

SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES 
 - 
 - 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX 

INCOME TAXES EXPENSE 

NET LOSS 

Other comprehensive income/(loss): 

- Foreign exchange adjustment gain/(loss) 
 - 
 - 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Net loss per share- Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 (Audited) 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Number of shares 
 Amount 
 ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL 
 
 ACCUMULATED LOSSES 
 TOTAL EQUITY 

COMMON STOCK 

Number of shares 
 Amount 
 ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL 
 
 ACCUMULATED LOSSES 
 TOTAL EQUITY 
 
 Balance as of January 31, 2021 (Audited) 

Shares issued in private placement completed on July 30, 2021 at per share 

- 

Net loss (December 31, 2021) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 (Audited) 

Net loss (December 31, 2022) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 (Audited) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED FROM DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

For the year ended 
 December 31 

2022 
 (Audited) 
 
 2021 
 (Audited) 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Deposits and other receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax payable 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITY: 

Share subscriptions receipts 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activity 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOWS INFORMATION 

Income taxes paid 
 
 - 
 
 Interest paid 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

of the equity interests of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. (herein referred to
as the Malaysia Company ), a private limited company incorporated in Labuan, Malaysia. In consideration of the equity interests
of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Wong was compensated HKD. 

On
December 23, 2019, AsiaFIN Holdings Corp., Malaysia Company acquired AsiaFIN Holdings Limited (herein referred to as the Hong
Kong Company ), a private limited company incorporated in Hong Kong. In consideration of the equity interests of AsiaFIN Holdings
Limited our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Wong was compensated HKD. 

ordinary share of US each 
 . 

2. 
 AsiaFIN Holdings Limited 
 
 ordinary share of HKD each 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Business
Overview 

AsiaFIN
Holdings Corp. is currently providing market research studies and consulting services pertaining to system solutions and integration
of unattended payment kiosks and payment processing to our clients. Our present clients, who are related parties, are payment solution
companies located in Malaysia, although we intend to provide services to other geographic regions in the future. 

We
have additional plans to develop our own software, which we anticipate we will be able to be merge and integrate onto such Payment Processing
or Unattended Payment Kiosk, to accept payments and collect data. Additionally, we have plans, which we are still developing and exploring,
to create Web-Based Solutions in four areas which include Payment Processing, Regulatory Technology (REGTECH), Robotic Process Automation
(RPA) and Unattended Payment Kiosks for financial institutions, and other industries. We refer to the four pillars of our business as
 Focus Solutions . A further elaboration will be discussed under the Description of Business below. 

Later,
we may decide to expand upon our current plans and may also explore options of developing additional software types. We intend to utilize
existing and future relationships that may be gained by our officers and directors as a means to expand our reach across the Southeast
Asia region, which has a population of approximately 660 million individuals. We believe this market provides us a large pool of businesses
that may benefit from our current and future service offerings and or software that may become available as our business plan progresses. 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

and negative operating cash flow of . These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern within one year of the date that the financial statements are issued. 

The
Company does not have sufficient revenue to cover its operating cost due to the research and development activities performed in the
initial stage. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon improving its profitability and the continuing
financial support from its major shareholders. Management believes the existing shareholders or external financing will provide the additional
cash to meet the Company s obligations as they become due. 

No
assurance can be given that any future financing, if needed, will be available. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the
possible future effects on the recoverability in profitability that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Year-average RM : US 1 exchange rate 

Year-end HK : US 1 exchange rate 

Year-average HK : US 1 exchange rate 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

shares of common stock at a price of per share through the
Initial Public Offering (IPO) to 87 non-US residents. 

As
of December 31, 2022, AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. has an issued and outstanding common share of . 

which consists of cash on hand and bank balances. 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded cash and cash equivalents of which consists of cash on hand and bank balances. 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Accrued tax fee 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued transfer agent fee 

Accrued consultation fees 
 - 

Total Accrued liabilities 

- 
 
 Other receivables 
 - 

Total deposit and other receivables 

The
amount of on deposit is security deposit for rental of office paid to Insite MY Innovations Sdn. Bhd. 

The
amount of on other receivable are outstanding from payment on behalf of AsiaFIN Talent Sdn. Bhd. AsiaFIN Talent Sdn. Bhd. is a
shareholder of the Company. 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

- Local 

- Foreign, representing 

Labuan 

Hong Kong 

Loss before income tax 

The
provision for income taxes consisted of the following: 

Deferred: 

- Local 
 - 
 - 
 
 - Foreign 
 - 
 - 

Income tax expense 

The
effective tax rate in the years presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range
of income tax rates. The Company has subsidiaries that operate in various countries: United States, Labuan and Hong Kong that are subject
to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows: 

United
States of America 

The
Company is registered in the State of Nevada and is subject to the tax laws of the United States of America. As of December 31, 2022,
the operations in the United States of America incurred of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward indefinitely
to offset a maximum of 80 future taxable income. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance of against the deferred
tax assets on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely
than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

Labuan 

Under
the current laws of the Labuan, AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. is governed under the Labuan Business Activity Act, 1990. The tax charge for such
company is based on of net audited profit. 

Hong
Kong 

AsiaFIN
Holdings Corp. is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax, which is charged at the statutory income tax rate of on its assessable income. 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

commitments or contingencies involved. 

- Tan Hock Chye 2 
 - 

Rental 

- Insite MY Innovations Sdn. Bhd. 3 
 
 - 

Total 

1 shareholder of the Company. While Mr. Seah Kok Wah, our
 Director, is the Director of GLS IT Solutions Sdn. Bhd. and SEATech Ventures Corp 

2 

3 shareholder of the StarFIN Asia Sdn. Bhd.
 and is a shareholder of the AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. 

(c)
Credit risk 

Financial
instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist principally of accounts receivable. The Company believes the concentration
of credit risk in its account receivables is substantially mitigated by its ongoing credit evaluation process and relatively short collection
terms. The Company does not generally require collateral from customers. The Company evaluates the need for an allowance for doubtful
accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends and other information. 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Total assets 
 - 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 2021 

United States 
 Malaysia 
 Hong Kong 
 Total 

Revenues 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Total assets 

ASIAFIN
HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

of the issued and outstanding shares of StarFIN Holdings Limited,
a British Virgin Islands company SFHL ), from Mr. Wong Kai Cheong, Mr. Hoo Swee Ping, Mr. Ang Teck Kong, Mr. Ng Kai Thim
and Ms. Cham Hui Yin at a consideration of . 

SFHL
provided Payment Processing, Regulatory Technology (REGTECH), Robotic Process Automation (RPA) solutions in Southeast Asia region through
its wholly owned subsidiaries, StarFIN Asia Sdn. Bhd. SFA ), Insite MY Systems Sdn. Bhd. IMS ), Insite MY
Innovations Sdn. Bhd. IMI ), OrangeFIN Asia Sdn. Bhd. OFA and OrangeFIN Academy Sdn. Bhd. OFAA ).
All its subsidiaries are private limited companies in Malaysia. 

Mr.
Wong Kai Cheong, the Founder and director of SFA, and held interest in SFHL; is our Chief Executive Officer and and is a 
shareholder of the AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. 

Mr.
Hoo Swee Ping, the Chief Executive Officer and director of SFA, and held interest in SFHL; and is a shareholder of the
AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. 

Mr.
Ang Teck Kong, held interest in SFHL, and is a shareholder of the AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. 

Mr.
Ng Kai Thim, the Chief Operating Officer of SFA, held interest in SFHL; and is a shareholder of the AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. 

Ms.
Cham Hui Yin, the Chief Financial Officer in SFA, held interest in SFHL; and is our Finance Manager. 

The
company will make settlement with issuance of 
new restricted Common Stock and the acquisition is targeted to accomplish before end of February 28, 2023. 

F- 17 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Wong Kai Cheong, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. (the Company ); 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
years covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the years presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the years in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the years covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 16 February 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Wong Kai Cheong 

Wong
 Kai Cheong 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Director, Secretary, Treasurer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Cham Hui Yin, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. (the Company ); 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
years covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the years presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the years in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the years covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 16 February 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Cham Hui Yin 

Cham
 Hui Yin 

Finance
 Manager 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), The undersigned hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge
and belief: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date:
 16 February 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Wong Kai Cheong 

Wong
 Kai Cheong 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Director, Secretary, Treasurer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of AsiaFIN Holdings Corp.(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), The undersigned hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge
and belief: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date:
 16 February 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Cham Hui Yin 

Cham
 Hui Yin 

Finance
 Manager 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 asfh-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 asfh-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 asfh-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 asfh-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

