<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1615222_0001387131-23-004110.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7739466</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>485187</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1249817</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2528268</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1476954</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1777224</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-23-004110.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329155139
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-23-004110
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Moody National REIT II, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001615222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				471436295
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55778
		FILM NUMBER:		23775014

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6363 WOODWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-977-7500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6363 WOODWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-23-004110.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 mnrtii-10k_123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
 TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

. For the Transition Period
from to . 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbols(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market
value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant: There is currently no established market for the registrant s
shares of common stock. There were shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30,
2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

As of March 6, 2023,
there were shares of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding, consisting of 13,000,645 shares of
Class A common stock, 159,092 shares of Class I common stock, and 480,692 shares of Class T common stock. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements; Risk Factor Summary 
 1 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 34 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 34 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 39 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 52 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 52 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 55 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 57 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 57 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 63 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 65 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 67 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements
included in this Annual report on Form 10-K, or this Annual Report, that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning
investment objectives, other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance, or assumptions or
forecasts related thereto) are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These statements
are only predictions. We caution that forward-looking statements are not guarantees. Actual events or our investments and results
of operations could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
are typically identified by the use of terms such as may, should, expect, could, 
 intend, plan, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, 
 predict, potential or the negative of such terms and other comparable terms. The forward-looking statements
included herein are based upon our current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs, which involve numerous risks
and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic,
competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately
and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements
are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking
statements. 

Any of the assumptions
underlying the forward-looking statements included herein could be inaccurate, and undue reliance should not be placed upon any
forward-looking statements included herein. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual Report and the
risk that actual results will differ materially from the expectations expressed herein will increase with the passage of time.
Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements made after the date of this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances
or any other reason. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included in this Annual
Report, including, without limitation, the risks described under Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report, the
inclusion of such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the objectives
and plans set forth in this Annual Report will be achieved. 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

You should carefully
review Item 1A Risk Factors section of this Annual Report for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that
we believe are material to our business, operating results, prospects and financial condition. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, risks related to the following: 

There is no public trading market for shares of our common stock and we are not required to effectuate
a liquidity event by a certain date. Since there is no public trading market for shares of
our common stock, repurchase of shares by us will likely be the only way to dispose of your shares. Our share repurchase program
is indefinitely suspended, and even if we resume the repurchase of shares, our share repurchase program will be subject to significant
limitations. 

We have a limited prior operating history and there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully
achieve our investment objectives. 

We pay substantial fees and expenses to our advisor and its affiliates, which were not negotiated
at arm s-length, and may be higher than fees payable to unaffiliated third parties. 

Our success depends on the performance of our sponsor and affiliates of our sponsor. 

We cannot guarantee that we will make distributions. We may fund such distributions from sources
other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings, return of capital or offering
proceeds, and we have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. We suspended the payment of distributions in March
2020 and have not resumed distribution payments. 

We have incurred net losses in the past and may incur net losses in the future, and we have an
accumulated deficit and may continue to have an accumulated deficit in the future. 

Stockholders should not rely on any estimates of our net asset value NAV per share
as being an accurate measure of the current value of shares of our common stock. 

NAV per share calculations are not governed by governmental or independent securities, financial
or accounting rules or standards. 

The return on an investment in our common stock may be reduced if we are required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

1 

The novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic had and may in the future continue to have,
an adverse impact on our NAV, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to source new investments, obtain financing, fund
distributions to stockholders and satisfy repurchase requests, among other factors. 

Changes in national, regional or local economic, demographic or real estate market conditions,
including actual or perceived instability in the U.S. banking system, may adversely affect our results of operations and returns
to our stockholders. 

Our concentration of investments in the hospitality sector may leave our profitability vulnerable
to a downturn or slowdown in the sector. 

If our investments are concentrated in a geographic area that experiences adverse economic conditions,
our investments may lose value and we may experience losses. 

If we do not successfully attract and retain franchise flagships for premier-brand, select-service
hotel properties, our business will suffer. 

We may have difficulty selling our properties, which may limit our ability to pay distributions. 

Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority,
our reliance on the financial condition of co-venturers and disputes between us and our co-venturers. 

The inability of hotel managers to effectively operate our properties may hurt our financial performance. 

Our properties face significant competition. 

We may change our investment and operational policies without stockholder consent. 

We have, and may continue to, invest in the equity securities of other REITs, including publicly-traded
REITs. REITs that invest primarily in real estate are subject to the risks of the real estate market and securities market. 

We have, and may continue to, invest in securities that are publicly traded and are, therefore,
subject to the risks inherent in investing in public securities, including price volatility. 

We have incurred mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, which may increase our business risks,
could hinder our ability to make distributions and could decrease the value of our shares. 

Volatility in the financial markets and challenging economic conditions could adversely affect
our ability to secure debt financing on attractive terms and our ability to service any future indebtedness that we may incur. 

Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments and negatively impact
our operating results. 

Lenders may require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations. 

We may compete with affiliates of our sponsor for opportunities to acquire or sell investments,
which may have an adverse impact on our operations. 

The time and resources that affiliates of our sponsor devote to us may be diverted, and we may
face additional competition due to the fact that affiliates of our sponsor are not prohibited from raising money for, or managing,
other business entities. 

The fees we pay to our advisor in connection with the acquisition and management of our investments
were not determined on an arm s-length basis and therefore may not be on the same terms we could achieve from a third party. 

We may purchase real estate assets from third parties who have existing or previous business relationships
with affiliates of our advisor, and, as a result, in any such transaction, we may not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiations
of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties. 

We depend on our advisor to select our investments and otherwise conduct our business, and any
material adverse change in its financial condition or our relationship with our advisor could have a material adverse effect on
our business and ability to achieve our investment objectives. 

If we fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT ), and no relief provisions
apply, we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to satisfy our obligations and
to implement our business strategy. 

2 

Compliance with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities or
liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. Business 

References herein
to Moody National REIT II the Company, we, us, or our, refer
to Moody National REIT II, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a Maryland corporation
formed on July 25, 2014 to invest in a portfolio of select-service hospitality properties with premier brands including, but not
limited to, Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt. We have elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, under the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code, beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2016. We own,
and in the future intend to own, substantially all of our assets and conduct our operations through Moody National Operating Partnership
II, LP, or our operating partnership. We are the sole general partner of our operating partnership, and the initial limited partners
of our operating partnership were our subsidiary, Moody OP Holdings II, LLC, or Moody Holdings II, and Moody National LPOP II,
LLC, or Moody LPOP II, an affiliate of our advisor (as defined below). Moody Holdings II invested 1,000 in our operating partnership
in exchange for limited partnership interests in our operating partnership, and Moody LPOP II invested 1,000 in our operating
partnership in exchange for special limited partnership interests in our operating partnership. 

We are externally managed
by Moody National Advisor II, LLC, a related party, which we refer to as our advisor, pursuant to an advisory agreement among us,
our operating partnership and our advisor, or the advisory agreement. Our advisor was formed in July 2014. Moody National REIT
Sponsor, LLC, which we refer to as our sponsor, is owned and managed by Brett C. Moody, who also serves as our Chief Executive
Officer and President and the Chief Executive Officer and President of our advisor. 

On January 20, 2015,
we commenced our initial public offering of up to 1.1 billion in shares of common stock, consisting of up to 1.0 billion in shares
of our common stock offered to the public and up to 100 million in shares offered to our stockholders pursuant to our distribution
reinvestment plan, or the DRP. On June 26, 2017, we reallocated the shares of our common stock being sold in our initial public
offering as Class A common stock, 0.01 par value per share, or the Class A Shares, Class I common stock, 0.01 par value per share,
or the Class I Shares, and Class T common stock, 0.01 par value per share, or the Class T Shares. We collectively refer to the
Class A Shares, Class I Shares and Class T Shares as our shares. On July 19, 2018, we commenced our follow-on public
offering of up to 990 million in any combination of the three classes of our shares, consisting of up to 895 million in shares
of our common stock offered to the public and up to 95 million in shares of our common stock offered to our stockholders pursuant
to the DRP. 

Our follow-on public
offering was terminated (including pursuant to the DRP) effective as of March 25, 2020. We accepted investors subscriptions
for and issued an aggregate of 10.2 million shares in our initial public offering and follow-on offering, excluding shares issued
in connection with the Mergers (as defined below) and including 567,000 shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting in aggregate gross
offering proceeds of 234.6 million. We accepted investors subscriptions for and issued 4.1 million shares in the follow-on
offering, including 352,000 shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting in gross offering proceeds of 87.2 million for the follow-on
offering. 

Effective January 16,
2018, our advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing
fees paid in connection with our public offering; provided, however , that our advisor intends to recoup the selling commissions,
dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees that it funded through receipt of an increased acquisition fee (as discussed
in Note 6, Related Party Agreements-Acquisition Fees, in the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

Moody Securities, LLC,
an affiliate of our advisor, which we refer to as the dealer manager or Moody Securities, is our dealer
manager and was responsible for the distribution of our common stock in our public offerings. 

As of December 31,
2022, our portfolio consisted of ownership interests in fifteen hotel properties located in six states, comprising a total of 2,123
rooms. 

Our principal executive
offices are located at 9655 Katy Freeway, Suite 600, Houston, Texas 77024, and our main telephone number is (713) 977-7500. 

COVID-19 Pandemic 

The global COVID-19
pandemic had, and in the future may have, a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. COVID-19
dramatically reduced travel, which had an unprecedented adverse impact on the hotel industry. As a result, the COVID-19 pandemic
had a significant adverse effect on the operating results of our hotel properties, which depend primarily upon revenues driven
by business and leisure travel, and on our business, financial performance and operating results. Since March 2020, we experienced
a significant decline in bookings, occupancy and revenues across our hotel properties. Our hotel properties operated at a property
net operating loss since the outbreak of COVID-19, which had an adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flow from
operations. In addition, we reduced certain services and amenities at our hotel properties. 

3 

Each of our hotel properties
is subject to a mortgage loan secured by our ownership interest in the property. If we are unable to service the mortgage loan
secured by a hotel property due to decreased revenues generated by such property, the lender with respect to such mortgage loan
may initiate foreclosure procedures with respect to the property or initiate other available remedies. As of the date of this Annual
Report, we are current with respect to the payments due under the mortgage loans secured by our hotel properties or are in compliance
with the modified terms of certain mortgage loans and other accommodations as agreed to with the lenders. As discussed in Note
4, Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report, certain lenders agreed to limited
loan modifications, including temporary deferrals of interest and principal payments and agreements to forebear the enforcement
of default remedies available under the terms of the loan documents. As of the date of this Annual Report, no lenders accelerated
the maturity of any of the loans secured by our properties or initiated foreclosure procedures with respect to any of our properties.
However, there can be no guarantee that the lenders will continue to agree to further loan modifications or accommodations and
will not elect to exercise the remedies available to them under the loan documents, including acceleration or foreclosure actions.
The exercise of any such remedies by a lender will have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations
and will impair our ability to resume the payment of distributions to our stockholders. 

In response to the
COVID-19 pandemic, we terminated our public offering of common stock (including pursuant to the DRP), effective as of March 2020.
We are not currently raising capital through the sale of our securities and we do not intend to begin to do so in the near term.
We also indefinitely suspended the payment of distributions to our stockholders effective as of March 2020 and the operation of
our share repurchase program effective as of April 2020. Our board of directors and our management continue to evaluate our financial
condition and the overall economic environment to determine if and when we will seek to resume raising capital, resume the payment
of distributions and reinstate our share repurchase program. Specifically, our board of directors, in consultation with management,
will continue to monitor our operations and intends to resume distributions at a time and level determined to be prudent in relation
to our other cash requirements or in order to maintain our REIT status for federal income tax purposes. However, it is impossible
to predict if or when we will be able to resume the payment of distributions. 

Merger with Moody National REIT I, Inc. 

On September 27, 2017,
the merger of Moody National REIT I, Inc., or Moody I, with and into our company, or the Merger, and the merger of Moody National
Operating Partnership I, L.P., the operating partnership of Moody I, or Moody I OP, with and into our operating partnership, or
the Partnership Merger, were completed. We refer to the Merger and the Partnership Merger herein as the Mergers. 
For additional discussion of the Mergers, see Part I., Item 1. Business Merger with Moody National REIT I, Inc. 
of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 31, 2020, and the notes to the consolidated financial statements
included in this Annual Report. 

Investment Objectives 

Our primary investment
objectives are to: 

preserve, protect and return stockholders capital contributions; 

pay regular cash distributions to stockholders; and 

realize capital appreciation upon the ultimate sale of the real estate assets we acquire. 

There can be no guarantee
that we will achieve the foregoing objectives. We suspended the payment of distributions in March 2020 and there is no guarantee
when we will resume the payment of distributions. 

Investment Strategy 

The
following discussion reflects our historical investment strategy. Although we expect to continue to approach our investments similarly
over the long term, the significant adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition and results of operations,
and the hotel sector as a whole, has limited, and may continue to limit, our ability to effectively implement our investment strategy
and acquire additional properties. At this time, we cannot predict when we will be able to resume pre-COVID-19 levels of
operations. 

We
expect that our portfolio will continue to consist primarily of select-service hotel properties with premier brands, including,
but not limited to, Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt, that are located in major metropolitan markets in the East Coast, West Coast and
the Sunbelt regions of the United States. Select-service hotel properties target business-oriented travelers by providing clean
rooms with basic amenities. In contrast to lower-cost budget motels, select-service hotels provide amenities such as an exercise
room, business facilities and breakfast buffets. In contrast to full-service hotels, select-service hotels typically do not have
a full-service restaurant, which is relatively costly to operate. To a lesser extent, we may also invest in other hospitality properties
located within other markets and regions as well as real estate securities and debt-related investments related to the hospitality
sector. Our board of directors, or our board, may adjust our investment focus from time to time based upon market conditions and
other factors our board deems relevant. 

4 

In identifying investments,
we rely upon a market optimization investment strategy and acquisition model that 
analyzes economic fundamentals and demographic trends in major metropolitan markets. By utilizing a targeted, disciplined approach,
we believe that we will be able to capitalize on market inefficiencies and identify undervalued investment opportunities with underlying
intrinsic value that have the potential to create greater value at disposition. Our investment
strategy seeks to identify technical pressures created by demographic, business and industry changes, which we believe lead to
supply and demand imbalances within certain sectors of commercial real estate . 

We
believe that premier-brand, select-service hotel properties in major metropolitan markets have the potential to generate attractive
returns relative to other types of hotel properties due to their ability to achieve revenue per available room, or RevPAR, levels
at or close to those achieved by traditional, full-service hotels while achieving higher profit margins due to their more efficient
operating model and more predicable net operating income. In addition, our market optimization investment strategy, accounting
for growth potential and risks related to asset devaluation, takes into account supply-demand imbalances and targets markets that
offer stable population growth, high barriers to entry and multiple demand generators. 

Investment Portfolio 

As of December 31,
2022, our portfolio included interests in fifteen hotel properties located in six states comprising a total of 2,123 rooms. 

Hotel Properties 

The following table
sets forth summary information regarding our investment in hotel properties as of December 31, 2022 (all amounts in thousands): 

Property Name 
 Date Acquired 
 Location 
 Ownership Interest 
 Original Purchase Price (1) 
 Rooms 
 Mortgage Debt Outstanding (2) 
 
 Residence Inn Austin 
 October 15, 2015 
 Austin, Texas 
 100 
 27,500 
 112 
 15,465 
 
 Springhill Suites Seattle 
 May 24, 2016 
 Seattle, Washington 
 100 
 74,100 
 234 
 41,812 
 
 Homewood Suites Woodlands 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 The Woodlands, Texas 
 100 
 17,356 
 91 
 8,420 
 
 Hyatt Place Germantown 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 Germantown, Tennessee 
 100 
 16,074 
 127 
 6,342 
 
 Hyatt Place North Charleston 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 North Charleston, South Carolina 
 100 
 13,806 
 113 
 6,553 
 
 Hampton Inn Austin 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 Austin, Texas 
 100 
 19,328 
 123 
 9,844 
 
 Residence Inn Grapevine 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 Grapevine, Texas 
 100 
 25,245 
 133 
 11,360 
 
 Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 Lyndhurst, New Jersey 
 (3) 
 39,547 
 227 
 17,986 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Austin 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 Austin, Texas 
 100 
 29,288 
 138 
 17,026 
 
 Hampton Inn Great Valley 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 Frazer, Pennsylvania 
 100 
 15,285 
 125 
 7,429 
 
 Embassy Suites Nashville 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 Nashville, Tennessee 
 100 
 82,207 
 208 
 38,811 
 
 Homewood Suites Austin 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 Austin, Texas 
 100 
 18,835 
 96 
 10,022 
 
 Townplace Suites Fort Worth 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 Fort Worth, Texas 
 (4) 
 11,242 
 95 
 5,645 
 
 Hampton Inn Houston 
 September 27, 2017 (5) 
 Houston, Texas 
 100 
 9,958 
 119 
 4,022 
 
 Residence Inn Houston Medical Center 
 April 29, 2019 
 Houston, Texas 
 100 
 52,000 
 182 
 28,083 
 
 Totals 

451,771 
 2,123 
 228,820 

5 

(1) Excludes closing costs and includes gain on acquisition. 

(2) As of December 31, 2022. 

(3) The Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst is owned by MN Lyndhurst
Venture, LLC, of which our operating partnership is a member and holds 100 of the Class B membership interests therein. See Note
4, Debt. 

(4) The Townplace Suites Fort Worth is owned by MN Fort Worth
Venture, LLC, of which our operating partnership is a member and holds 100 of the Class B membership interests therein. See Note
4, Debt. 

(5) Property acquired on September 27, 2017 as a result of
the Mergers. 

Borrowing
Policies 

We have used, and intend
in the future to use, secured and unsecured debt as a means of providing additional funds for the acquisition of real property,
securities and debt-related investments, including the use of debt to pay the cash consideration and other costs related to the
Mergers. By operating on a leveraged basis, we expect that we will have more funds available for investments. This will generally
allow us to make more investments than would otherwise be possible, potentially resulting in enhanced investment returns and a
more diversified portfolio. However, our use of leverage increases the risk of default on loan payments and the resulting foreclosure
on a particular asset. In addition, lenders may have recourse to assets other than those specifically securing the repayment of
the indebtedness. When debt financing is unattractive due to high interest rates or other reasons, or when financing is otherwise
unavailable on a timely basis, we may purchase certain assets for cash with the intention of obtaining debt financing at a later
time. 

Consistent with the
leverage policy adopted by our board, our debt financing will be approximately 55 to 60 of the aggregate costs of our investments
before non-cash reserves and depreciation, although our debt financing could be as high as 75 of the aggregate cost of our investments
before non-cash reserves and depreciation. Our board may from time to time modify our leverage policy in light of then-current
economic conditions, relative costs of debt and equity capital, fair values of our properties, general conditions in the market
for debt and equity securities, growth and acquisition opportunities or other factors. Our actual leverage may be higher or lower
than our target leverage depending on a number of factors, including the availability of attractive investment and disposition
opportunities, inflows and outflows of capital and increases and decreases in the value of our portfolio. 

There is no limitation
on the amount we may invest in any single improved real property. However, under our Articles of Amendment and Restatement, which
we refer to as our charter, we are prohibited from borrowing in excess of 300 of the value of our net assets. Net
assets for purposes of this calculation is defined to be our total assets (other than intangibles), valued at cost prior
to deducting depreciation, reserves for bad debts and other non-cash reserves, less total liabilities. The preceding calculation
is generally expected to approximate 75 of the aggregate cost of our assets before non-cash reserves and depreciation. However,
we may temporarily borrow in excess of these amounts if such excess is approved by a majority of our independent directors and
disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report, along with justification for such excess. In such event, we will review
our debt levels at that time and take action to reduce any such excess as soon as practicable. We do not intend to exceed our charter s
leverage limit except in the early stages of building our portfolio when the costs of our investments are most likely to exceed
our net offering proceeds. 

Our advisor will use
its best efforts to obtain financing on the most favorable terms available to us and will seek to refinance assets during the term
of a loan only in limited circumstances, such as when a decline in interest rates makes it beneficial to prepay an existing loan,
when an existing loan is approaching maturity or if an attractive investment becomes available and the proceeds from the refinancing
can be used to purchase such investment. The benefits of any such refinancing may include increased cash flow resulting from reduced
debt service requirements, an increase in distributions from proceeds of the refinancing and an increase in diversification and
assets owned if all or a portion of the refinancing proceeds are reinvested. 

Our charter restricts
us from obtaining loans from any of our directors, our advisor and any of our affiliates unless such loan is approved by a majority
of the directors (including a majority of the independent directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction as fair, competitive
and commercially reasonable and no less favorable to us than comparable loans between unaffiliated parties. Our aggregate borrowings,
secured and unsecured, are reviewed by our board at least quarterly. As of December 31, 2022, our total outstanding indebtedness
was 236 million. This amount did not exceed 300 of the value of our net assets. 

Each of our hotel properties
is subject to a mortgage loan secured by our ownership interest in the property. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a significant
decline in the revenues generated by our hotel properties. If we are unable to service the mortgage loan secured by a hotel property,
the lender may initiate foreclosure procedures with respect to the property or initiate other available remedies. As of the date
of this Annual Report, we are current with respect to the payments due under the mortgage loans secured by our hotel properties
or are in compliance with the modified terms of certain mortgage loans as agreed to with the lenders and other accommodations.
As of the date of this Annual Report, no lenders have accelerated the maturity of any of the loans secured by our properties or
initiated foreclosure procedures with respect to any of our properties. See Note 4, Debt, to the consolidated financial
statements included in this Annual Report for additional information. 

6 

Economic Dependency 

We depend on our advisor
for certain services that are essential to us, including the identification, evaluation, negotiation, purchase and disposition
of properties and other investments, management of the daily operations of our real estate portfolio, and other general and administrative
responsibilities. In the event that our advisor is unable to provide these services to us, we will be required to obtain such services
from other sources, and our failure to identify such other sources could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and
results of operations. We also depend upon the dealer manager for the sale of our shares of common stock in our public offerings. 

Competitive Market Factors 

The hotel industry
is highly competitive. We face competition from various entities for investment opportunities in our targeted assets, including
other REITs, pension funds, insurance companies, investment funds, real estate companies and developers. Many of these entities
have substantially greater financial resources than we do and may be able to accept more risk than we can prudently manage, including
risks with respect to the geographic location of investments or the creditworthiness of tenants. Competition from these entities
may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities offered to us or increase the bargaining power of property owners seeking
to sell real estate assets. We have purchased, and intend to purchase, hotels in developed areas that include other hotels and
compete for guests primarily with other hotels in the immediate vicinity and secondarily with other hotels in the geographic market.
An increase in the number of competitive hotels in a particular area could have a material adverse effect on the occupancy, average
daily rate and revenue per available room (RevPAR) of our hotels in that area. We believe that brand recognition, location, price
and quality (of both the hotel and the services provided) are the principal competitive factors affecting our hotel properties.
Additionally, general economic conditions in a particular market and nationally impact the performance of the hotel industry. 

Disruptions in the
credit markets may materially impact the cost and availability of debt to finance real estate acquisitions, which is a key component
of our acquisition strategy. A limited availability of financing in the future could reduce suitable investment opportunities and
create a competitive advantage for other entities that have greater financial resources than we do. Further, as a result of their
greater financial resources, our competitors may have more flexibility than we do in their ability to offer reduced room rates
at properties. This could put pressure on our ability to maintain or raise rates and could adversely affect our ability to attract
or retain customers. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, ability to satisfy our debt service
obligations and ability to resume the payment of distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. 

Tax Status 

We elected to be taxed
as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2016.
 We believe we are organized and operate in such a manner as to qualify for taxation as a
REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, and we intend to operate in such a manner, but no assurance can be given that we will operate
in a manner so as to remain qualified as a REIT. We did not meet all of the qualifications to be a REIT under the Internal Revenue
Code for the year ended December 31, 2015 and for the period from July 25, 2014 (the date of our inception) to December 31, 2014,
including not having 100 shareholders for a sufficient number of days in 2015. To qualify as a REIT, we must meet a number of organizational
and operational requirements, including a requirement that we distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (determined for
this purpose without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gain) to our stockholders. As a REIT, we
generally will not be subject to federal income tax at the corporate level. Prior to qualifying to be taxed as a REIT, we were
subject to normal federal and state corporation income taxes. 

Regulations 

As an owner of real
estate, our operations are subject, in certain instances, to supervision and regulation by U.S. and other governmental authorities,
and may be subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions, which
include, among other things: (i) federal and state securities laws and regulations; (ii) federal, state and local tax laws and
regulations, (ii) state and local laws relating to real property; (iv) federal, state and local environmental and human health
and safety laws, ordinances, and regulations, and (v) various laws relating to housing , including the Americans with Disabilities
Act of 1990. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on customers, owners or operators for the
costs to investigate or remediate contaminated properties, regardless of fault or whether the acts causing the contamination were
legal. 

7 

Under various federal,
state and local environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removing
or remediating hazardous or toxic substances on a real property. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator
knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, the presence of hazardous substances,
or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell, rent or pledge such real property
as collateral for future borrowings. Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which real property may be
used or businesses may be operated. Some of these laws and regulations have been amended so as to require compliance with new or
more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretation
of existing laws may require us to incur material expenditures or may impose material environmental liability. Additionally, tenants 
or guests operations, the existing condition of land when we buy it, operations in the vicinity of our real properties,
such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or activities of unrelated third parties may affect our real properties. There
are also various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations with which we may be required to comply
and which may subject us to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance. In connection with the acquisition and
ownership of real properties, we may be exposed to such costs in connection with such regulations. The cost of defending against
environmental claims, of any damages or fines we must pay, of compliance with environmental regulatory requirements or of remediating
any contaminated real property could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations or lower the value
of our assets and, consequently, lower the amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 

We do not believe that
compliance with the laws and regulations described above will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results
of operations. However, we cannot predict the impact of unforeseen contingencies or new or changed laws or regulations on our company
or properties in which we hold an interest, or on properties that may be acquired directly or indirectly in the future. 

Seasonality 

The hotel industry
historically has been seasonal in nature. Seasonal variations in occupancy at our hotel properties and other hotel properties we
may acquire may cause quarterly fluctuations in our revenues. Specifically, business class hotels tend to draw lower occupancy
rates during holidays as there is less business travel on such dates. To the extent that cash flow from operations is insufficient
during any quarter, due to temporary or seasonal fluctuations in revenue, we expect to utilize cash on hand or, if necessary, any
available financing sources to pay our expense. Due to the effects of COVID-19, these typical seasonal patterns did not have as
significant of an impact on the overall fluctuations in occupancy rates and hotel revenues during 2022. 

Human Capital 

We have no employees.
We are externally managed by our advisor. Our executive officers serve as officers of our advisor and are employed by affiliates
of our advisor. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Certain Relationship
and Related Transactions The Advisor. 

Conflicts of Interest 

We are subject to conflicts
of interest arising out of our relationship with our advisor and its affiliates. See Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related
to Conflicts of Interest. 

Insurance 

We maintain insurance
coverage for general liability, property, business interruption and other risks with respect to our hotel properties. These policies
offer coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary for similar types of properties in similar locations.
However, various types of catastrophic losses, like earthquakes, hurricanes, or certain types of terrorism, may not be insurable
or may not be economically insurable. 

Available Information 

We are subject to the
reporting and information requirements of the Exchange Act and, as a result, we file periodic reports and other information with
the SEC. Access to copies of the filings that we make with the SEC may be obtained free of charge from the following website, http://www.moodynationalreit.com .
We are providing the address to our website solely for the information of investors. We are not incorporating our website or any
information from the website into this Annual Report. The SEC also maintains a website, http://www.sec.gov , where our filings
are available free of charge. We will provide without charge a copy of this Annual Report, including financial statements and schedules,
upon written request delivered to our principal executive office at the address listed on the cover page of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 

The following are
some of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking
statements. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face but do represent those risks and uncertainties
that we believe are most significant to our business, operating results, financial condition, prospects and forward-looking statements.
Our current stockholders may be referred to as you or your in this Item 1A. References to shares 
and our common stock refer to the shares of our common stock. 

8 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 

There is no public trading market
for shares of our common stock and we are not required to effectuate a liquidity event by a certain date. As a result, it will
be difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares of our common stock and, if stockholders are able to sell their shares,
they are likely to sell them at a substantial discount. 

There is no current
public market for the shares of our common stock and we have no obligation to list our shares on any public securities market or
provide any other type of liquidity to our stockholders. It will therefore be difficult for you to sell your shares of common stock
promptly or at all. Even if you are able to sell your shares of common stock, the absence of a public market may cause the price
received for any shares of our common stock sold to be less than what you paid or less than your proportionate value of the assets
we own. We have adopted a share repurchase program but it is limited in terms of the amount of shares that a stockholder may sell
back to us each quarter. Our board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate our share repurchase program upon 10 days 
prior notice to our stockholders. On March 24, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our board of directors approved the
indefinite suspension of our share repurchase program, effective as of April 6, 2020. There is no way to predict when, if at all,
our board of directors will determine to resume the repurchase of shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program.
Additionally, our charter does not require that we consummate a transaction to provide liquidity to stockholders on any date certain
or at all. As a result, you should purchase shares of our common stock only as a long-term investment, and you must be prepared
to hold your shares for an indefinite length of time. 

We have held most of our current
investments for a relatively limited period of time and you will not have the opportunity to evaluate our future investments before
we make them, which makes your investment more speculative. 

As of December 31,
2022, we held interests in 15 hotel properties located in six states, comprising a total of 2,123 rooms. We have held most of our
current investments for a limited period of time. Other than those assets, stockholders will not be able to evaluate the economic
merits, transaction terms or other financial or operational data concerning our investments. Stockholders must rely on our advisor
and our board of directors to implement our investment policies, to evaluate our investment opportunities and to structure the
terms of our investments. This additional risk may hinder the ability to achieve a stockholder s personal investment objectives
related to portfolio diversification, risk-adjusted investment returns and other objectives. 

We have a limited prior operating
history and there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully achieve our investment objectives. 

We
have a limited operating history and may not be able to successfully operate our business or achieve our investment objectives.
As a result, an investment in our shares of common stock may entail more risk than the shares of common stock of a real estate
investment trust with a substantial operating history. In addition, stockholders should not rely on the past performance
of real property, real estate securities or debt-related investments owned by other Moody companies to predict our future results.
Nor should stockholders assume that the prior performance of other investment programs sponsored by our sponsor or its affiliates
(whether private or publicly offered, including, without limitation, Moody I) will be indicative of our future results. 

Because our charter does not require
our listing or liquidation by a specified date, stockholders should only view our shares as a long-term investment and should be
prepared to hold them for an indefinite period of time. 

In the future, our
board of directors will consider alternatives for providing liquidity to our stockholders, which we refer to as a liquidity event.
A liquidity event may include the sale of our assets, a sale or merger of our company or a listing of our shares on a national
securities exchange. It is anticipated that our board of directors will consider a liquidity event within three to six years after
the completion of our primary offering; however, the timing of any such event will significantly depend upon economic and market
conditions after completion of our offering stage. Because our charter does not require us to pursue a liquidity event by a specified
date and our share repurchase program is indefinitely suspended, stockholders should only view our shares as a long-term investment
and should be prepared to hold them for an indefinite period of time. 

We pay certain fees and expenses
to our advisor and its affiliates. These fees were not negotiated at arm s-length, may be higher than fees payable to unaffiliated
third parties and reduce cash available for investment. 

We have, and in the
future expect to continue to, pay fees and expenses to our advisor and its affiliates. These fees were not negotiated at arm s-length
and may be higher than fees payable to unaffiliated third parties. In addition, stockholders will only receive a full return of
their invested capital if we either (1) sell our assets or our company for a sufficient amount in excess of the original purchase
price of our assets or (2) the market value of our company after we list our shares of common stock on a national securities exchange
is substantially in excess of the original purchase price of our assets. 

9 

Our share repurchase program has
been indefinitely suspended. If we resume the repurchase of shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program,
stockholders will be limited in their ability to sell their shares of common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. 

On March 24, 2020,
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our board of directors approved the indefinite suspension of our share repurchase program,
effective as of April 6, 2020. There is no way to predict when, if at all, our board of directors will determine to resume the
repurchase of shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. 

If
our board of directors elects to resume the repurchase of shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program,
it may provide you with a limited opportunity to have your shares repurchased by us, subject to certain restrictions and
limitations . If reinstated, our share repurchase
program will contain certain restrictions and limitations, including those relating to the number of shares of our common stock
that we can repurchase at any given time and limiting the repurchase price. In addition, our board of directors will reserve
the right to amend, suspend or terminate our share repurchase program at any time upon 10 days prior written notice to our
stockholders, which notice may be provided by including such information (i) in a current report on Form 8-K or in our annual or
quarterly reports, as publicly filed or furnished with the SEC, or (ii) in a separate mailing to our stockholders. Therefore, even
if our share repurchase program is reinstated, you may not have the opportunity to make a repurchase request prior to an amendment,
termination or suspension of our share repurchase program and you may not be able to sell any of your shares of common stock back
to us pursuant to our share repurchase program. Moreover, if you do sell your shares of common stock back to us pursuant to our
share repurchase program you may not receive the same price you paid for any shares of our common stock being repurchased. 

Stockholders should not rely on the
estimated NAV per share as being an accurate measure of the current value of our shares of common stock. 

On March 24, 2023,
our board of directors determined an estimated NAV per share of each of our Class A shares, Class T shares and Class I shares
as of December 31, 2022 of 19.45. The objective of our board of directors in determining the estimated NAV per share was to arrive
at a value, based on the most recent data available, that it believed was reasonable based on methodologies that it deemed appropriate
after consultation with our advisor. However, the market for commercial real estate can fluctuate quickly and substantially and
the value of our assets is expected to change in the future and may decrease. Also, our board of directors did not consider certain
other factors, such as a liquidity discount to reflect the fact that our shares are not currently traded on a national securities
exchange and the limitations on the ability to redeem shares pursuant to our share repurchase program. 

As with any valuation
method, the methods used to determine the estimated NAV per share were based upon a number of assumptions, estimates and judgments
that may not be accurate or complete. Our assets have been valued based upon appraisal standards and the values of our assets using
these methods are not required to be a reflection of market value under those standards and will not necessarily result in a reflection
of fair value under generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Further, different parties using different property-specific
and general real estate and capital market assumptions, estimates, judgments and standards could derive a different estimated NAV
per share, which could be significantly different from the estimated NAV per share determined by our board of directors. The estimated
NAV per share is not a representation or indication that, among other things: a stockholder would be able to realize the estimated
NAV per share if he or she attempts to sell shares; a stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share equal to the
estimated NAV per share upon liquidation of assets and settlement of our liabilities or upon a sale of our company; shares of our
common stock would trade at the estimated NAV per share on a national securities exchange; a third party would offer the estimated
NAV per share in an arms-length transaction to purchase all or substantially all of our shares of common stock; or the methodologies
used to determine the estimated NAV per share would be acceptable to FINRA, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended, or ERISA, or other regulatory authorities (including state regulators), with respect to their respective requirements.
Further, the estimated NAV per share was calculated as of a specific time and the value of our shares will fluctuate over time
as a result of, among other things, future acquisitions or dispositions of assets, developments related to individual assets and
changes in the real estate and capital markets. In particular, the ongoing global pandemic of COVID-19, together with the restrictions
on travel and other measures enacted in response to the pandemic, has had and will continue to have a significant adverse impact
on the operations and value of our hotel properties for an indefinite period of time. As a result, the estimated NAV per share
as of December 31, 2022 should not be considered as an accurate or approximate value of a share of our common stock at this time,
or the amount that stockholders would receive in the event of our liquidation. 

NAV per share calculations are not
governed by governmental or independent securities, financial or accounting rules or standards. 

The method for calculating
our estimated NAV per share, including the components used in calculating our NAV per share, is not prescribed by rules of the
SEC or any other regulatory agency. Further, there are no accounting rules or standards that prescribe which components should
be used in calculating NAV, and our NAV is not audited by our independent registered public accounting firm. Stockholders should
not view our NAV per share as a measure of our historical or future financial condition or performance. The components and methodology
we may use in calculating our NAV per share may differ from those used by other companies now or in the future. 

10 

We infrequently calculate our estimated
NAV per share and therefore stockholders may not be able to determine the net asset value of their shares on an ongoing basis. 

We intend to continue
to determine an updated estimated NAV per share every year as of or about a date as of the last day of our fiscal year, or more
frequently, in the sole discretion of our board of directors, and intend to disclose that updated estimated NAV per share in our
annual report on Form 10-K or a current report on Form 8-K that we file with the SEC. We may not calculate an estimated NAV per
share for our shares more frequently than annually. Therefore, a stockholder may not be able to determine the estimated NAV of
their shares on an ongoing basis. In addition, the recovery by our advisor of selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder
servicing fees through the receipt of the Contingent Advisor Payment, as described in Note 6, Related Party
Arrangements, would negatively impact our estimated NAV per share. Furthermore, because we will include leverage in the
calculation of the Contingent Advisor Payment, the use of more leverage could allow our advisor to recoup the payment of such fees
more quickly than if we use less leverage. However, such an impact will not be reflected in our estimated NAV per share until we
determine a new estimated NAV per share which, as noted above, may only be annually. 

If we internalize our management
functions, a stockholder s interest in us could be diluted and we could incur other significant costs associated with being
self-managed. 

Our board of directors
may decide in the future to internalize our management functions. If we do so, we may elect to negotiate to acquire our advisor s
assets and personnel. At this time, we cannot anticipate the form or amount of consideration or other terms relating to any such
acquisition. Such consideration could take many forms, including cash payments, promissory notes and shares of our common stock.
The payment of such consideration could result in dilution of our stockholder s interests and could reduce the earnings per
share and funds from operations per share attributable to their investment. 

Additionally, while
we would no longer bear the costs of the various fees and expenses we pay to our advisor under the advisory agreement, our direct
expenses would include general and administrative costs, including legal, accounting and other expenses related to corporate governance,
SEC reporting and compliance. We would also be required to employ personnel and would be subject to potential liabilities commonly
faced by employers, such as workers disability and compensation claims, potential labor disputes and other employee-related liabilities
and grievances as well as incur the compensation and benefits costs of our officers and other employees and consultants that we
now expect will be paid by our advisor or its affiliates. We may issue equity awards to officers, employees and consultants, which
awards would decrease net income and funds from operations and may further dilute your investment. We cannot reasonably estimate
the amount of fees to our advisor we would save or the costs we would incur if we became self-managed. If the expenses we assume
as a result of an internalization are higher than the expenses we avoid paying to our advisor, our earnings per share and funds
from operations per share would be lower as a result of the internalization than it otherwise would have been, potentially decreasing
the amount of funds available to distribute to our stockholders and the value of our shares. 

If we internalize our
management functions, we could have difficulty integrating these functions as a stand-alone entity. Currently, our advisor and
its affiliates perform asset management and general and administrative functions, including accounting and financial reporting,
for multiple entities. These personnel have a great deal of know-how and experience which provides us with economies of scale.
We may fail to properly identify the appropriate mix of personnel and capital needs to operate as a stand-alone entity. An inability
to manage an internalization transaction effectively could thus result in our incurring excess costs and suffering deficiencies
in our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting. Such deficiencies could cause us to
incur additional costs, and our management s attention could be diverted from most effectively managing our real estate assets. 

If we were to internalize our management
or if another investment program, whether sponsored by our sponsor or otherwise, hires the employees of our advisor in connection
with its own internalization transaction or otherwise, our ability to conduct our business may be adversely affected. 

We rely on persons
employed by our advisor and its affiliates to manage our day-to-day operations. If we were to effectuate an internalization of
our advisor, we may not be able to retain all of the employees of our advisor and its affiliates or to maintain a relationship
with our sponsor. In addition, some of the employees of our advisor and its affiliates provide services to one or more other investment
programs. These programs or third parties may decide to retain some or all of our advisor s key employees in the future.
If this occurs, these programs could hire certain of the persons currently employed by our advisor and its affiliates who are most
familiar with our business and operations, thereby potentially adversely impacting our business. 

Our cash distributions have been
indefinitely suspended. To the extent paid in the future, our distributions will not be guaranteed, may fluctuate and may constitute
a return of capital or taxable gain from the sale or exchange of property. 

On March 24, 2020,
our board of directors approved the suspension of the payment of distributions to our stockholders, effective immediately, due
to the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic. There can be no assurance when the payment of distributions will resume, if at all. To
the extent the payment of distributions is resumed, the amount and timing of distributions will be determined by our board of directors
and will typically depend upon the amount of funds available for distribution, which will depend on items such as current and projected
cash requirements and tax considerations. As a result, our distribution rate and payment frequency may vary from time to time.
Our long-term strategy is to fund the payment of monthly distributions to our stockholders entirely from our funds from operations.
However, we may need to borrow funds, request that our advisor in its discretion, defer its receipt of fees and reimbursements
of expenses or, to the extent necessary, utilize offering proceeds in order to make cash distributions. Accordingly, the amount
of distributions paid at any given time may not reflect current cash flow from operations. Distributions payable to stockholders
may also include a return of capital, rather than a return on capital. 

11 

We have paid, and may continue to
pay, distributions from the proceeds of our offerings. To the extent that we pay distributions from sources other than our cash
flow from operations, we will have reduced funds available for investment and the overall return to our stockholders may be reduced. 

Our organizational
documents permit us to pay distributions from any source, including net proceeds from our public offerings, borrowings, advances
from our sponsor or advisor and the deferral of fees and expense reimbursements by our advisor, in its sole discretion. Since our
inception, our cash flow from operations has not been sufficient to fund all of our distributions. Of the 54.5 million in total
distributions we paid during the period from our inception through December 31, 2022, including shares issued pursuant to our DRP,
 0, or 0 , were paid from cash provided by operating activities and 54.5 million, or 100 , were paid from offering proceeds. If
and to the extent that we resume the payment of distributions, we may continue to fund distributions from the net proceeds from
our securities offerings or sources other than cash flow from operations. We have not established a limit on the amount of offering
proceeds, or sources other than cash flow from operations which we may use to fund distributions. 

If we are unable to
consistently fund distributions to our stockholders entirely from our cash flow from operations, the value of the shares of our
common stock may be reduced, including upon a listing of our common stock, the sale of our assets or any other liquidity event
should such event occur. To the extent that we fund distributions from sources other than our cash flow from operations, our funds
available for investment will be reduced relative to the funds available for investment if our distributions were funded solely
from cash flow from operations, our ability to achieve our investment objectives will be negatively impacted and the overall return
to our stockholders may be reduced. In addition, if we make a distribution in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and
profits, the distribution will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital, which will reduce the stockholder s tax
basis in its shares of common stock. The amount, if any, of each distribution in excess of a stockholder s tax basis in its
shares of common stock will be taxable as gain realized from the sale or exchange of property. 

On March 24, 2020,
our board of director unanimously approved the suspension of the payment of distributions to our stockholders, effective immediately,
due to the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic. There can be no assurance when the payment of distributions will resume, it at all. 

We have incurred net losses in the
past and may incur net losses in the future, and we have an accumulated deficit and may continue to have an accumulated deficit
in the future. 

For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had net losses of 18.7 million and 27.9 million, respectively. We incurred a net loss attributable
to common stockholders of 18.3 million and 27.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our accumulated
deficits were 173.3 million and 155.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We may incur net losses in the
future and may continue to have an accumulated deficit. 

We, our sponsor and our advisor have
limited experience in operating a public company or a REIT, and our failure to operate successfully or profitably could have a
material adverse effect on our ability to generate cash flow. 

Our
advisor and our sponsor and each of our advisor s and sponsor s respective officers or employees in their capacities
with our advisor and our sponsor have limited experience operating a public company or an entity that has elected to be taxed as
a REIT. To be successful, we must, among other things: 

identify and acquire investments that align with our investment strategies; 

establish and maintain contacts with licensed securities brokers and other agents to successfully
complete our public offering; 

attract, integrate, motivate and retain qualified personnel to manage our day-to-day operations; 

respond to competition for our targeted real estate properties, real estate securities and debt-related
investments as well as for potential investors in our shares; and 

continue to build and expand our operations structure to support our business. 

Our
failure, or our advisor s or sponsor s failure, to operate successfully or profitably could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to generate cash flow to resume distributions to our stockholders and could cause a stockholder to lose all
or a portion of his or her investment in our shares . 

12 

Our success depends on the performance
of our sponsor and affiliates of our sponsor. 

Our ability to achieve
our investment objectives and to pay distributions depends upon the performance of our advisor, our sponsor and other affiliates
of our sponsor, and any adverse change in their financial health could cause our operations to suffer. Our sponsor and its other
affiliates are sensitive to trends in the general economy, as well as the real estate and credit markets. 

To the extent that
any decline in revenues and operating results impacts our sponsor s ability to provide our advisor with sufficient resources
to perform its obligations to us pursuant to the advisory agreement, our results of operations, financial condition and ability
to pay distributions to our stockholders could also suffer. Additionally, such adverse conditions could require a substantial amount
of time on the part of the management of our advisor and its affiliates, particularly with regard to other real estate programs,
thereby decreasing the amount of time they spend actively managing our investments. 

We are uncertain of our sources for
funding our future capital needs. If we do not have sufficient funds from operations to cover our expenses or to fund improvements
to any hospitality properties we may acquire and cannot obtain debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, our ability to cover
our expenses or to fund improvements to our hospitality properties will be adversely affected. 

We have historically
used the proceeds from our public offering for investments in hospitality assets and for payment of operating expenses, various
fees and other expenses. Our public offering has been terminated and we do not expect to commence raising additional capital from
the sale of our securities in the near term. As a result, we may not have sufficient funds from operations to cover our expenses
or to fund improvements to our properties. Accordingly, in the event that we develop a need for additional capital in the future
for the improvement of our properties or for any other reason, that capital may not be available to us. If we do not have sufficient
funds from cash flow generated by our investments or cannot obtain debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, our financial
condition and ability to resume making distributions may be adversely affected. 

Our stockholders and Moody I stockholders
were diluted by the Mergers. 

The Mergers diluted
the ownership position of our current stockholders and resulted in Moody I stockholders having an ownership stake in us that is
smaller than their prior stake in Moody I. In connection with the Mergers, we issued approximately 3.63 million shares of our Class
A common stock to the former holders of Moody I common stock, based on the elections of Moody I s stockholders. Accordingly,
our current stockholders and former Moody I stockholders held approximately 57 and 43 of our common stock, respectively, following
the Mergers. In addition, approximately 298,037 units of limited partnership interest in our operating partnership were issued
in connection with the partnership merger. Consequently, our stockholders and Moody I stockholders, as a general matter, have less
influence over the management and policies of us after the Mergers than each exercised over the management and policies of us and
Moody I, as applicable, immediately prior to the Mergers. 

We incurred debt in connection with
the Mergers, which may limit our financial and operating flexibility, and we may incur additional borrowings, which could increase
the risks associated with our borrowings. 

In connection with
the Mergers, we incurred additional debt. Our new borrowings could have material adverse consequences for our business and may: 

require us to dedicate a large portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our borrowings,
which will reduce the availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, and other business activities; 

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

subject us to maintaining various debt, operating income, net worth, cash flow, and other financial
covenants; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry; 

restrict our operating policies and ability to make strategic acquisitions, dispositions, or exploiting
business opportunities; 

place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less borrowings; 

limit our ability to borrow more funds (even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity), dispose
of assets, or make distributions to stockholders; or 

increase our costs of capital. 

If new borrowings are
added to our existing borrowing levels, the related risks that we now face would increase. In addition, at the time that any of
our outstanding borrowings or new borrowings mature, we may not be able to refinance such borrowings or have the funds to pay them
off. 

13 

In connection with the Mergers, we
assumed the liabilities of Moody I. 

We assumed the liabilities
of Moody I in connection with the Mergers. These liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business to the extent
we have not identified such liabilities or have underestimated the amount of such liabilities. 

Maryland law and our organizational
documents limit your right to bring claims against our officers and directors. 

Maryland law provides
that a director will not have any liability as a director so long as he or she performs his or her duties in accordance with the
applicable standard of conduct. In addition, our charter provides that, subject to the applicable limitations set forth therein
or under Maryland law, no director or officer will be liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages. Our charter also provides
that we will generally indemnify and advance expenses to our directors, our officers, our advisor and its affiliates for losses
they may incur by reason of their service in those capacities subject to any limitations under Maryland law or in our charter.
Moreover, we have entered into separate indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. As a result,
we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against these persons than might otherwise exist under common law. We may
be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by these persons in some cases. However, our charter provides that we may not indemnify
our directors, our advisor and its affiliates for loss or liability suffered by them or hold our directors or our advisor and its
affiliates harmless for loss or liability suffered by us unless they have determined that the course of conduct that caused the
loss or liability was in our best interests, they were acting on our behalf or performing services for us, the liability was not
the result of negligence or misconduct by our non-independent directors, our advisor and its affiliates or gross negligence or
willful misconduct by our independent directors, and the indemnification or obligation to hold harmless is recoverable only out
of our net assets, including the proceeds of insurance, and not from the stockholders. 

The limit on the percentage of shares
of our common stock that any person may own may discourage a takeover or business combination that may benefit our stockholders. 

Our charter restricts
the direct or indirect ownership by one person or entity to no more than 9.8 of the value of the aggregate of our then outstanding
shares of capital stock (which includes common stock and any preferred stock or convertible stock we may issue) and no more than
9.8 of the value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the aggregate of our then outstanding shares of common
stock unless exempted (prospectively or retroactively) by our board of directors. These restrictions may discourage a change of
control of us and may deter individuals or entities from making tender offers for shares of our common stock on terms that might
be financially attractive to stockholders or which may cause a change in our management. In addition to deterring potential transactions
that may be favorable to our stockholders, these provisions may also decrease a stockholder s ability to sell his or her
shares of our common stock. 

We may issue preferred stock, convertible
stock or other classes of common stock, which issuance could adversely affect the holders of our common stock issued pursuant to
our public offering. 

Our stockholders do
not have preemptive rights to any shares issued by us in the future. We may issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock,
convertible stock or other classes of common stock with rights that could dilute the value of your shares of common stock. However,
the issuance of preferred stock or convertible stock must be approved by a majority of our independent directors not otherwise
interested in the transaction, who will have access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or to independent legal counsel. The
issuance of preferred stock or other classes of common stock could increase the number of stockholders entitled to distributions
without simultaneously increasing the size of our asset base. 

Our charter authorizes
us to issue 1,100,000,000 shares of capital stock, par value 0.01 per share, of which 1,000,000,000 shares are classified as common
stock of which 250,000,000 shares are classified as Class A shares, 250,000,000 shares are
classified as Class D shares, 250,000,000 shares are classified as Class I shares, 250,000,000 shares are classified as Class T
shares , par value 0.01 per share and 100,000,000 shares are classified as preferred stock. Our board of directors, with
the approval of a majority of the entire board of directors and without any action by our stockholders, may amend our charter from
time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of capital stock or the number of authorized shares
of capital stock of any class or series. If we ever created and issued preferred stock or convertible stock with a distribution
preference over common stock, payment of any distribution preferences of outstanding preferred stock or convertible stock would
reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of distributions on our common stock. Further, holders of preferred stock
are normally entitled to receive a preference payment in the event we liquidate, dissolve or wind up before any payment is made
to our common stockholders, likely reducing the amount common stockholders would otherwise receive upon such an occurrence. In
addition, under certain circumstances, the issuance of preferred stock or a separate class or series of common stock may render
more difficult or tend to discourage: 

a merger, tender offer or proxy contest; 

the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our securities; and 

the removal of incumbent management. 

14 

Our UPREIT structure may result in potential conflicts
of interest with limited partners in our operating partnership whose interests may not be aligned with those of our stockholders. 

We are structured as
an UPREIT, which stands for umbrella partnership real estate investment trust. We use the UPREIT structure
because a contribution of property directly to us is generally a taxable transaction to the contributing property owner. In the
UPREIT structure, a contributor of a property who desires to defer taxable gain on the transfer of a property may transfer the
property to our operating partnership in exchange for limited partnership interests and defer taxation of gain until the contributor
later exchanges his or her limited partnership interests for shares of our common stock. We believe that using an UPREIT structure
gives us an advantage in acquiring desired properties from persons who may not otherwise sell their properties because of unfavorable
tax results. 

Our operating partnership
may issue limited partner interests in connection with certain transactions. Limited partners in our operating partnership have
the right to vote on certain amendments to the operating partnership agreement, as well as on certain other matters. Persons holding
such voting rights may exercise them in a manner that conflicts with the interests of our stockholders. As general partner of our
operating partnership, we are obligated to act in a manner that is in the best interest of all partners of our operating partnership.
Circumstances may arise in the future when the interests of limited partners in our operating partnership may conflict with the
interests of our stockholders. These conflicts may be resolved in a manner stockholders do not believe are in their best interest. 

In addition, Moody
LPOP II, as the holder of the special limited partnership interests in our operating partnership, will be entitled to receive distributions
from our operating partnership equal to 15.0 of our net cash flows, whether from continuing operations, the repayment of loans,
the disposition of assets or otherwise, but only after our stockholders have received, in the aggregate, cumulative distributions
equal to their total invested capital plus a 6.0 (or 8.0 in the case of former limited partners of Moody I OP) cumulative, non-compounded
annual pre-tax return on such aggregated invested capital. In addition, the special limited partnership interests will be redeemed
by our operating partnership upon (1) the listing of our common stock on a national securities exchange or (2) the occurrence of
certain events that result in the termination or non-renewal of our advisory agreement (other than for cause), in each case for
an amount that the holder of the special limited partnership interests would have been entitled to receive, as described above,
if our operating partnership had disposed of all of its assets at the enterprise valuation as of the date of the event triggering
the redemption. The payment of any of the foregoing amounts would reduce the overall return to our stockholders. 

We may grant stock-based awards to
our directors, employees and consultants pursuant to our long-term incentive plan, which will have a dilutive effect on your investment
in us. 

We have adopted a long-term
incentive plan which we use to attract and retain qualified directors, officers, employees, and consultants. The long-term incentive
plan authorizes the granting of restricted stock, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted or deferred stock units,
dividend equivalents, other stock-based awards and cash-based awards to directors, employees and consultants of ours selected by
the board of directors for participation in our long-term incentive plan. We currently intend only to issue awards of restricted
stock to our independent directors under our long-term incentive plan. Accordingly, we have adopted an independent directors compensation
plan as a sub-part of our long-term incentive plan, pursuant to which each of our independent directors is entitled to receive
restricted stock in connection with their service on the board of directors and with other events. As of December 31, 2022, we
had issued 65,000 shares of restricted stock to our independent directors pursuant to that plan. 

If we issue additional
stock-based awards to eligible participants under our long-term incentive plan, the issuance of these stock-based awards may dilute
an investment in our shares of common stock. In particular, certain features of our long-term incentive plan could have a dilutive
effect on an investment in us, including (1) a lack of annual award limits, individually or in the aggregate (subject to the limit
on the maximum number of shares which may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the plan), (2) the fact that the limit on
the maximum number of shares which may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the plan is not tied to the amount of proceeds
raised in our initial public offering and (3) share counting procedures which provide that shares subject to certain awards, including,
without limitation, substitute awards granted by us to employees of another company in connection with our merger or consolidation
with such company, or shares subject to outstanding awards of another company assumed by us in connection with our merger or consolidation
with such company, are not subject to the limit on the maximum number of shares which may be issued pursuant to awards granted
under the plan. 

We are not required to comply with
certain reporting requirements, including those relating to auditor s attestation reports on the effectiveness of our system
of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure about our executive compensation, that apply to other public companies. 

So long as our shares
of common stock are not traded on a securities exchange, we will be deemed to be a non-accelerated filer under the
Exchange Act, and as a non-accelerated filer, we will be exempt from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, so long as we are externally managed by our advisor and we do not directly compensate
our executive officers, or reimburse our advisor or its affiliates for salaries, bonuses, benefits and severance payments for persons
who also serve as one of our executive officers or as an executive officer of our advisor, we do not have any executive compensation. 

15 

Your investment return may be reduced
if we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

We intend to continue
to conduct our operations so that neither we, nor our operating partnership nor the subsidiaries of our operating partnership are
investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. However,
there can be no assurance that we and our subsidiaries will be able to successfully avoid operating as an investment company. 

A change in the value
of any of our assets could negatively affect our ability to maintain our exemption from regulation under the Investment Company
Act. To maintain compliance with the applicable exemption under the Investment Company Act, we may be unable to sell assets we
would otherwise want to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise wish to retain. In addition, we may have to acquire
additional assets that we might not otherwise have acquired or may have to forego opportunities to acquire assets that we would
otherwise want to acquire and would be important to our investment strategy. 

If we were required
to register as an investment company but failed to do so, we would become subject to substantial regulation with respect to our
capital structure (including our ability to use borrowings), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined
in the Investment Company Act), and portfolio composition, including disclosure requirements and restrictions with respect to diversification
and industry concentration, and other matters. Compliance with the Investment Company Act would, accordingly, limit our ability
to make certain investments and require us to significantly restructure our business plan, which could materially adversely affect
our NAV and our ability to resume paying distributions to our stockholders. 

Operational risks, including the
risk of cyberattacks, may disrupt our businesses, result in losses or limit our growth. 

We rely heavily on
our and our sponsor s financial, accounting, treasury, communications and other data processing systems. Such systems may
fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of the network security systems or otherwise.
In addition, such systems are from time to time subject to cyberattacks which may continue to increase in sophistication and frequency
in the future. Attacks on our sponsor and its affiliates and their portfolio companies and service providers systems
could involve attempts that are intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information or personal identifying information
of our stockholders, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, including through the introduction of computer viruses
and other malicious code. 

Cyberattacks and other
security threats could originate from a wide variety of sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and
other outside parties. There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats our sponsor
faces, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent. As a result,
we and our sponsor may face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to this information. If successful,
these types of attacks on our or sponsor s network or other systems could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations, due to, among other things, the loss of investor or proprietary data, interruptions or delays in our
business and damage to our reputation. There can be no assurance that the measures we take to ensure the integrity of such systems
will provide protection, especially because cyberattack techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until successful. 

In addition, we are
highly dependent on information systems and technology. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may
not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around
the world. Many jurisdictions in which our sponsor operates have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and
protection of personal information. Some jurisdictions have also enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data
security breaches involving certain types of personal data. Breaches in security could potentially jeopardize our or our sponsor s,
its employees , fund investors or counterparties confidential and other information processed and stored in,
and transmitted through, our or our sponsor s computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions
in our or our sponsor s, its employees , fund investors , counterparties or third parties operations,
which could result in significant losses, increased costs, disruption of our business, regulatory intervention or reputational
damage. 

Furthermore, we depend
on our sponsor s headquarters in Houston, Texas, where most of our sponsor s personnel are located, for the continued
operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business, including a disruption
involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting
our headquarters, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption.
Our sponsor s disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster
or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. 

Our information systems
and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from
its current level. Such a failure to accommodate growth, or an increase in costs related to such information systems, could have
a material adverse effect on us. In addition, we rely on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including
for certain information systems, technology and administration. Any interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third
parties or failures of their information systems and technology could impair the quality of our operations and could affect our
reputation and hence adversely affect our business. 

16 

Our bylaws contain provisions that
may make it more difficult for a stockholder to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder believes is favorable for
disputes with us or our directors, officers, agents or employees, if any, and may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors,
officers, agents or employees, if any. 

Our bylaws provide
that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or,
if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, will
be the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors or officers or employees to us or to our stockholders, (iii) any
action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Maryland
General Corporation Law, or the MGCL, or our charter or bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors
or officers or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
or holding any interest in our shares shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these provisions of our bylaws,
as they may be amended from time to time. 

Our board of directors,
without stockholder approval, adopted this provision of the bylaws so that we can respond to such litigation more efficiently,
reduce the costs associated with our responses to such litigation, particularly litigation that might otherwise be brought in multiple
forums, and make it less likely that plaintiffs attorneys will be able to employ such litigation to coerce us into otherwise
unjustified settlements. This exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that the stockholder believes is favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, agents or employees, if any,
and may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, agents or employees, if any. We believe the risk of a court
declining to enforce this provision is remote, as the General Assembly of Maryland has specifically amended the MGCL to authorize
the adoption of such provisions. However, if a court were to find this provision of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable
in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings notwithstanding that the MGCL expressly provides that
the charter or bylaws of a Maryland corporation may require that any internal corporate claim be brought only in courts sitting
in one or more specified jurisdictions, we may incur additional costs that we do not currently anticipate associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Maryland law and our organizational
documents limit our stockholders ability to amend our charter or dissolve us without the approval of our board of directors. 

Although the Statement
of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts published by the North American Securities Administrators Association NASAA indicates that stockholders are permitted to amend our charter or terminate us without the necessity for concurrence by our board
of directors, we are required to comply with the MGCL, which provides that any amendment to our charter or any dissolution of our
company must first be declared advisable by our board of directors. Therefore, our stockholders may vote to authorize the amendment
of our charter or the dissolution of our company, but only after such action has been declared advisable by our board of directors.
Accordingly, the only proposals to amend our charter or to dissolve our company that will be presented to our stockholders will
be those that have been declared advisable by our board of directors and also require approval by our stockholders. 

RISKS RELATED TO CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 

We depend on our advisor and its
key personnel and our business could suffer if any of such key personnel were to cease to be affiliated with our advisor. 

We depend upon the
performance of our advisor in the acquisition, disposition and management of real estate assets and the determination of any financing
arrangements. In addition, our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of certain of the key personnel
of our sponsor, including Brett C. Moody and Robert W. Engel, each of whom would be difficult to replace. We currently do not have
key man life insurance on any of these key personnel. If our advisor were to lose the benefit of the experience, efforts and abilities
of one or more of these individuals, our operating results could suffer. 

We may compete with affiliates of
our sponsor for opportunities to acquire or sell investments, which may have an adverse impact on our operations. 

We may compete with
affiliates of our sponsor for opportunities to acquire or sell hospitality properties. We may also buy or sell hospitality properties
at the same time as affiliates of our sponsor. In this regard, there is a risk that our sponsor will select for us investments
that provide lower returns to us than investments purchased by its affiliates. Certain of our affiliates own or manage hospitality
properties in geographical areas in which we expect to own hospitality properties. As a result of our potential competition with
affiliates of our sponsor, certain investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us may not in fact be available.
This competition may also result in conflicts of interest that are not resolved in our favor. 

17 

The time and resources that affiliates
of our sponsor devote to us may be diverted, and we may face additional competition due to the fact that affiliates of our sponsor
are not prohibited from raising money for, or managing, another entity that makes the same types of investments that we target. 

Affiliates of our sponsor
are not prohibited from raising money for, or managing, another investment entity that makes the same types of investments as those
we target. For example, our advisor s management team has successfully completed over 40 fully subscribed private placements
in real estate programs of multiple property types with over 1000 investors across the United States and one public, non-listed
REIT, Moody I, which terminated its primary offering on October 12, 2015 and which raised approximately 132 million. As a result,
the time and resources they could devote to us may be diverted to other investment activities. Additionally, some of our officers
serve as officers of investment entities sponsored by our sponsor and its affiliates. Since these professionals engage in and will
continue to engage in other business activities on behalf of themselves and others, these professionals will face conflicts of
interest in allocating their time among us, our advisor, and its affiliates and other business activities in which they are involved.
This could result in actions that are more favorable to other affiliates of our advisor than us. 

In addition, as noted
above, we may compete with affiliates of our advisor for the same investors and investment opportunities. We may also co-invest
with any such affiliate. Even though all such co-investments will be subject to approval by our independent directors, they could
be on terms not as favorable to us as those we could achieve co-investing with a third-party. 

Our advisor and its affiliates, including
our officers and some of our directors, face conflicts of interest caused by compensation arrangements with us and other affiliates
of our sponsor, which could result in actions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 

Our advisor and its
affiliates receive substantial fees from us in return for their services and these fees could influence the advice provided to
us. Among other matters, the compensation arrangements could affect their judgment with respect to: 

public offerings of equity by us, which allow our dealer manager to earn additional dealer manager
fees; 

real estate acquisitions, which allow our advisor to earn acquisition fees upon purchases of assets
and to increase asset management fees; 

real estate asset sales, since the asset management fees payable to our advisor will decrease and
since our advisor will be entitled to disposition fees upon sales; 

the purchase of real estate assets from our sponsor and its affiliates, which may allow our advisor
or its affiliates to earn additional asset management fees, hotel management fees and disposition fees; and 

whether and when we seek to list our common stock on a national securities exchange, which listing
could entitle Moody LPOP II, as the holder of special limited partnership interests, to have its interests in our operating partnership
redeemed. 

Further, our advisor
may recommend that we invest in a particular asset, pay a higher purchase price for the asset or use higher leverage to acquire
an asset than it would otherwise recommend if it did not receive an acquisition fee. Certain potential acquisition fees and asset
management fees payable to our advisor and hotel management and leasing fees payable to the property manager would be paid irrespective
of the quality of the underlying real estate or hotel management services during the term of the related agreement. These fees
may incentivize our advisor to recommend transactions with respect to the sale of a property or properties that may not be in our
best interest at the time. Investments with higher net operating income growth potential are generally riskier or more speculative.
In addition, the premature sale of an asset may add concentration risk to the portfolio or may be at a price lower than if we held
on to the asset. Our advisor will have considerable discretion with respect to the terms and timing of acquisition, disposition
and leasing transactions. In evaluating investments and other management strategies, the opportunity to earn these fees may lead
our advisor to place undue emphasis on criteria relating to its compensation at the expense of other criteria, such as the preservation
of capital, to achieve higher short-term compensation. Considerations relating to our affiliates compensation from us and
other affiliates of our sponsor could result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 

Our advisor may have conflicting
fiduciary obligations if we acquire assets from affiliates of our sponsor or enter into joint ventures with affiliates of our sponsor.
As a result, in any such transaction we may not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiations of the type normally conducted
between unrelated parties. 

Our advisor may cause
us to invest in a property owned by, or make an investment in equity securities in or real estate-related loans to, our sponsor
or its affiliates or through a joint venture with affiliates of our sponsor. In these circumstances, our advisor will have a conflict
of interest when fulfilling its fiduciary obligation to us. In any such transaction, we would not have the benefit of arm s-length
negotiations of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties. 

18 

The fees we pay to affiliates in
connection with our public offering and in connection with the acquisition and management of our investments were not determined
on an arm s-length basis; therefore, we do not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiations of the type normally conducted
between unrelated parties. 

The fees to be paid
to our advisor, our property manager, our sub-property managers (if any) and other affiliates for services they provide for us
were not determined on an arm s-length basis. As a result, the fees have been determined without the benefit of arm s-length
negotiations of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties and could be in excess of amounts that we would otherwise
pay to third parties for such services. 

We may purchase real estate assets
from third parties who have existing or previous business relationships with affiliates of our advisor, and, as a result, in any
such transaction, we may not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiations of the type normally conducted between unrelated
parties. 

We may purchase assets
from third parties that have existing or previous business relationships with affiliates of our advisor. The officers, directors
or employees of our advisor and its affiliates and the principals of our advisor who also perform services for other affiliates
of our sponsor may have a conflict in representing our interests in these transactions on the one hand and the interests of such
affiliates in preserving or furthering their respective relationships on the other hand. In any such transaction, we will not have
the benefit of arm s-length negotiations of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties, and the purchase price
or fees paid by us may be in excess of amounts that we would otherwise pay to third parties. 

RISKS RELATED TO INVESTMENTS IN REAL
ESTATE 

The hospitality industry is subject
to unique risks that may negatively impact our business. 

Our hotel properties
are subject to the risks inherent to the hotel industry. These risks, which may adversely affect the occupancy of our hotels properties,
the rates that can be charged for rooms at our hotel properties, the operating expenses of our hotel properties and the revenues
generated by our hotel properties, include: 

changes in global, national, regional or local economic, demographic or capital market conditions,
including low consumer confidence, increases in unemployment levels and depressed real estate prices resulting from the severity
and duration of any downturn in the United States or global economy, including any recession which results in significant employment
losses across many sectors of the economy and reduced levels of consumer spending and travel, and actual or perceived instability
in the U.S. banking system; 

decreased corporate or government travel-related budgets and spending, as well as cancellations,
deferrals or renegotiations of group business such as industry conventions; 

statements, actions or interventions by governmental officials related to travel and corporate
travel-related activities and the resulting negative public perception of such travel and activities; 

the financial and general business condition of the airline, automotive and other transportation-related
industries and its effect on travel, including decreased airline capacity and routes and increased travel costs; 

events or conditions beyond our control that negatively shape public perception of business and
leisure travel, make travel more difficult or prevent travel altogether or result in temporary closures or other disruption at
hotel properties, including natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, acts of terrorism, war and outbreaks of contagious disease
such as the global COVID-19 pandemic; 

cyber-attacks; 

climate change or availability of natural resources; 

organized labor activities, which could cause a diversion of business from hotels involved in labor
negotiations and loss of business for hotels generally as a result of certain labor tactics; and 

other changes in the overall demand for hotel rooms, including increases in supply of hotel rooms
that exceed increases in demand, changes in the desirability of particular locations or changes to the travel patterns of customers. 

The COVID-19 pandemic had, and in
the future may have, an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results . 

The global COVID-19
pandemic had, and in the future may continue to have, a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

COVID-19 dramatically
reduced travel, which had an unprecedented adverse impact on the hotel industry. As a result, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant
adverse effect on the operating results of our hotel properties, which depend primarily upon revenues driven by business and leisure
travel, and on our business, financial performance and operating results. Since March 2020, we experienced a significant decline
in bookings, occupancy and revenues across our hotel properties, which we expect to continue for an indefinite period of time.
Our hotel properties operated at a property net operating loss since the outbreak of COVID-19, which had an adverse impact on our
results of operations and cash flow from operations. In addition, we reduced certain services and amenities at our hotel properties.
Although all of our hotel properties are currently open and operational, we may be required, or elect, to temporarily suspend operations
at one or more of our hotel properties in the future depending on the continued impact of COVID-19 and its related effects. If
operations at any of our hotel properties are suspended, we cannot give any assurance as to when operations at such hotel properties
will resume at a full or reduced level. 

19 

Each of our hotel properties
is subject to a mortgage loan secured by our ownership interest in the property. If we are unable to service the mortgage loan
secured by a hotel property due to decreased revenues generated by such property, the lender with respect to such mortgage loan
may initiate foreclosure procedures with respect to the property or initiate other available remedies. As of the date of this Annual
Report, we are current with respect to the payments due under the mortgage loans secured by our hotel properties or are in compliance
with the modified terms of certain mortgage loans and other accommodations as agreed to with the lenders. As discussed in Note
4, Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report, during 2021 certain lenders agreed
to limited loan modifications, including temporary deferrals of interest and principal payments and agreements to forebear the
enforcement of default remedies available under the terms of the loan documents. As of the date of this Annual Report, no lenders
accelerated the maturity of any of the loans secured by our properties or initiated foreclosure procedures with respect to any
of our properties. However, there can be no guarantee that the lenders will continue to agree to further loan modifications or
accommodations and will not elect to exercise the remedies available to them under the loan documents, including acceleration or
foreclosure actions. The exercise of any such remedies by a lender will have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations and will impair our ability to resume the payment of distributions to our stockholders. 

In response to the
COVID-19 pandemic, we terminated our public offering of common stock (including pursuant to the DRP), effective as of March 2020.
We are not currently raising capital through the sale of our securities and we do not intend to begin to do so in the near term.
We also indefinitely suspended the payment of distributions to our stockholders effective as of March 2020 and the operation of
our share repurchase program effective as of April 2020. Our board of directors and our management continue to evaluate our financial
condition and the overall economic environment to determine if and when we will seek to resume raising capital, resume the payment
of distributions and reinstate our share repurchase program. Specifically, our board of directors, in consultation with management,
will continue to monitor our operations and intends to resume distributions at a time and level determined to be prudent in relation
to our other cash requirements or in order to maintain our REIT status for federal income tax purposes. However, it is impossible
to predict if or when we will be able to resume the payment of distributions. 

The ongoing conflict between Russia
and Ukraine has caused severe disruptions in the U.S. and global economy and may have an adverse impact on our financial performance. 

In February 2022, Russian
troops began a full-scale invasion of Ukraine and the countries remain in active armed conflict. The United States, the United
Kingdom, the European Union, and several other nations have announced a broad array of new or expanded sanctions, export controls,
and other measures against Russia, Russia-backed separatist regions in Ukraine, and certain banks, companies, government officials,
and other individuals in Russia and Belarus. The ongoing conflict and the rapidly evolving measures in response could be expected
to have a negative impact on the economy and business activity globally (including the United States), and therefore could adversely
affect the performance of our investments. The severity and duration of the conflict and its impact on global economic and market
conditions are impossible to predict, and as a result, could present material uncertainty and risk with respect to us and the performance
of our investments and operations, and our ability of to achieve our investment objectives. Similar risks will exist to the extent
that any investments, service providers, vendors or certain other parties have material operations or assets in Russia, Ukraine,
Belarus, or the immediate surrounding areas. 

Changes in national, regional or
local economic, demographic or real estate market conditions may adversely affect our results of operations and returns to our
stockholders. 

We are subject to risks
generally attributable to the ownership of real estate assets, including but not limited to: changes in national, regional or local
economic, demographic or real estate market conditions; adverse domestic or global economic conditions, particularly in the event
of a recession which results in significant employment losses across many sectors of the economy and reduced levels of consumer
spending and travel; changes in supply of or demand for similar properties in an area; increased competition for real estate assets
targeted by our investment strategy; actual or perceived instability in the U.S. banking system; changes in interest rates and
availability of financing; and changes in government rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including changes in tax, real estate,
environmental and zoning laws. These conditions, or others we cannot predict, may adversely affect our results of operations and
returns to our stockholders. 

We have established investment criteria
based on certain target markets and geographic areas. If our investments are concentrated in an area that experiences adverse economic
conditions, our investments may lose value and we may experience losses. 

Our hospitality properties
are concentrated in the state of Texas and in the future may become concentrated in one or more other geographic locations or regions.
These investments carry the risks associated with significant geographical concentration. We have not established and do not plan
to establish any investment criteria to limit our exposure to these risks for future investments, and we may experience losses
as a result. A worsening of economic conditions in a geographic area in which our investments may be concentrated could have an
adverse effect on our business. 

20 

Changes in supply of, or demand for,
similar real properties in a particular area may increase the price of real properties we seek to purchase and decrease the price
of real properties when we seek to sell them. 

The real estate industry
is subject to market forces. We are unable to predict certain market changes including changes in supply of, or demand for, similar
real properties in a particular area. Any potential purchase of an overpriced asset could decrease our rate of return on these
investments and result in lower operating results and overall returns to our stockholders. 

Competition with third parties in
acquiring properties and other investments may reduce our profitability and the return on a stockholder s investment. 

We compete with many
other entities engaged in real estate investment activities, including individuals, corporations, bank and insurance company investment
accounts, other REITs and real estate limited partnerships, many of which have greater resources than we do. Larger REITs may enjoy
significant competitive advantages that result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital and enhanced operating efficiencies.
In addition, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investments may increase. Any such increase
would result in increased demand for these assets and therefore increased prices paid for them. If we pay higher prices for properties
and other investments, our profitability will be reduced and a stockholder may experience a lower return on his or her investment. 

Uninsured losses or premiums for
insurance coverage relating to real property may adversely affect a stockholder s returns. 

There are types of
losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution
or environmental matters that are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as
large deductibles or co-payments. Risks associated with potential acts of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay
for coverage against property and casualty claims. Additionally, mortgage lenders sometimes require commercial property owners
to purchase specific coverage against terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. These policies may not be available
at a reasonable cost, if at all, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our properties. In such instances, we
may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses.
Changes in the cost or availability of insurance could expose us to uninsured casualty losses. In the event that any of our properties
incurs a casualty loss which is not fully covered by insurance, the value of our assets will be reduced by any such uninsured loss.
In addition, we cannot assure stockholders that funding will be available to us for repair or reconstruction of damaged hospitality
property in the future. 

Our hotel properties will be subject
to property taxes that may increase in the future, which could adversely affect our cash flow. 

Our hotel properties
are subject to property taxes that may increase as tax rates change and as our hotel properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing
authorities. As the owner of the hotel properties, we are responsible for payment of the taxes to the applicable government authorities.
If we fail to pay any such taxes, the applicable taxing authority may place a lien on the property and the property may be subject
to a tax sale. 

Our property manager s or sub-property
manager s failure to integrate their subcontractors into their operations in an efficient manner could reduce the return
on a stockholder s investment. 

Our property manager
or sub-property manager may rely on multiple subcontractors for on-site hotel management of our properties. If our property manager
and sub-property manager are unable to integrate these subcontractors into their operations in an efficient manner, our property
manager or sub-property manager may have to expend substantial time and money coordinating with these subcontractors, which could
have a negative impact on the revenues generated from such properties. 

Actions of joint venture partners
could negatively impact our performance. 

We
may enter into joint ventures with third parties, including with entities that are affiliated with our advisor. We may also purchase
and develop properties in joint ventures or in partnerships, co-tenancies or other co-ownership arrangements with the sellers of
the properties, affiliates of the sellers, developers or other persons. Such investments may involve risks not otherwise present
with a direct investment in real estate, including, for example: 

the possibility that our venture partner in an investment might become bankrupt; 

that the venture partner may at any time have economic or business interests or goals which are,
or which become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals; 

21 

that such venture partner may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests
or contrary to our policies or objectives; 

the possibility that we may incur liabilities as a result of an action taken by such venture partner; 

that disputes between us and a venture partner may result in litigation or arbitration that would
increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business; 

the possibility that if we have a right of first refusal or buy/sell right to buy out a venture
partner, we may be unable to finance such a buy-out if it becomes exercisable or we may be required to purchase such interest at
a time when it would not otherwise be in our best interest to do so; or 

the possibility that we may not be able to sell our interest in the joint venture if we desire
to exit the joint venture. 

Under certain joint
venture arrangements, neither venture partner may have the power to control the venture and an impasse could be reached, which
might have a negative influence on the joint venture and decrease potential returns to our stockholders. In addition, to the extent
that our venture partner is an affiliate of our advisor, certain conflicts of interest will exist. 

Costs of complying with governmental
laws and regulations related to environmental protection and human health and safety may be high. 

All real property investments
and the operations conducted in connection with such investments are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating
to environmental protection and human health and safety. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability
on customers, owners or operators for the costs to investigate or remediate contaminated properties, regardless of fault or whether
the acts causing the contamination were legal. 

Under various federal,
state and local environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removing
or remediating hazardous or toxic substances on such real property. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or
operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, the presence of hazardous
substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell, rent or pledge such
real property as collateral for future borrowings. Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which real
property may be used or businesses may be operated. Some of these laws and regulations have been amended so as to require compliance
with new or more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter
interpretation of existing laws may require us to incur material expenditures. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose
material environmental liability. Additionally, our tenants operations, the existing condition of land when we buy it, operations
in the vicinity of our real properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or activities of unrelated third parties
may affect our real properties. There are also various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations
with which we may be required to comply and which may subject us to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance.
In connection with the acquisition and ownership of our real properties, we may be exposed to such costs in connection with such
regulations. The cost of defending against environmental claims, of any damages or fines we must pay, of compliance with environmental
regulatory requirements or of remediating any contaminated real property could materially and adversely affect our business, lower
the value of our assets or results of operations and, consequently, lower the amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 

The costs associated with complying
with the Americans with Disabilities Act may reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 

The real properties
in which we may invest may also be subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, or the ADA. Under the ADA,
places of public accommodation are required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons.
The ADA has separate compliance requirements for public accommodations and commercial facilities that
generally require that buildings and services be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. With respect to the
properties we acquire, the ADA s requirements could require us to remove access barriers and could result in the imposition
of injunctive relief, monetary penalties or, in some cases, an award of damages. We cannot assure you that we will be able to acquire
properties that comply with the ADA or allocate the responsibility for compliance with the ADA to another third party, such as
the seller or the tenant of the property. Any monies we use to comply with the ADA will reduce the amount of cash available for
distribution to our stockholders. 

A concentration of our investments
in the hospitality industry may leave our profitability vulnerable to a downturn or slowdown in the sector. 

Our investments consist
entirely of hospitality properties. As a result, we are subject to risks inherent in investments in a single type of property.
Because our investments are concentrated in the hospitality sector, the potential effects on our revenues, and as a result, on
cash available for distribution to our stockholders, resulting from a downturn or slowdown in the hospitality sector will be more
pronounced than if we had diversified our investments across multiple sectors. Widespread outbreaks of contagious disease, such
as the global pandemic of COVID-19, have had and in the future may continue to have a significant adverse effect the hospitality
industry, which increases the potential negative impact such outbreaks may have on our overall financial condition. 

22 

A possible lack of diversification
within the hospitality sector increases the risk of investment. 

There is no limit on
the number of hotels of a particular hotel brand which we may acquire, or on the number of hotels we may acquire in a specific
geographic region. We have invested and plan to continue to invest primarily in the select-service hotel properties with premier
brands including, but not limited to, Marriott, Hilton, and Hyatt that are located in major metropolitan markets in the East Coast,
West Coast and Sunbelt regions of the United States. If our hotel properties become geographically concentrated, or if we acquire
a substantial number of hotel properties of a particular brand, an economic downturn in one or more of the markets in which we
have invested or a negative event relating to a brand in which we have a concentration of hotels could have an adverse effect on
our financial condition and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 

If we do not successfully attract
and retain franchise flagships for premier-brand, select-service hotel properties, our business will suffer, and this result will
reduce the value of your investment. 

Generally, we must
attract and retain premier-brand hospitality franchises, including, Marriott, Hilton, and Hyatt franchises, for any hotel properties
we may choose to acquire. Hospitality franchises generally require that design and quality standards be met for guest room and
common areas before a hospitality franchisor will agree to provide the franchise agreement to operate a property. Compliance with
these brand standards may impose significant costs upon us. Failure to maintain our hospitality properties in accordance with these
standards or comply with other terms and conditions of the applicable franchise agreement could result in a franchise license being
canceled. If a franchise license terminates due to our failure to make required improvements or to otherwise comply with its terms,
we may also be liable to the franchisor for a termination fee. The loss of a franchise license could materially and adversely affect
the operations or the underlying value of the hotel property because of the loss associated with the brand recognition and the
marketing support and centralized reservation systems provided by the franchisor. A loss of a franchise license for one or more
hotel properties could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and our cash flows, including
our ability to service debt and make distributions to our stockholders. 

There are risks associated with employing
hotel employees. 

While we do not and
will not directly employ or manage the labor force at our hospitality properties, we are subject to many of the costs and risks
generally associated with the hotel labor force. Our property manager or sub-property manager (if any) is responsible for hiring
and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotel properties and for establishing and maintaining the appropriate processes
and controls over such activities. From time to time, the operations of our hotel properties may be disrupted through strikes,
public demonstrations or other labor actions and related publicity. We may also incur increased legal costs and indirect labor
costs as a result of the aforementioned disruptions, or contract disputes or other events. Significant adverse disruptions caused
by union activities or increased costs affiliated with such activities could materially and adversely affect our results of operations,
financial condition and our cash flows, including our ability to service debt and make distributions to our stockholders. 

Hospitality properties are illiquid
investments, and we may be unable to adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions or sell a property
if or when we decide to do so. 

Hospitality properties
are illiquid investments. We may be unable to adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition,
the hospitality property market is affected by many factors beyond our control, such as general economic conditions, availability
of financing, interest rates, and supply and demand. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any real property for the
price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to
us. We cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a real property. Additionally,
we may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We cannot assure you
that we will have funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. 

In acquiring a hospitality
property, we may agree to restrictions that prohibit the sale of that property for a period of time or impose other restrictions,
such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that real property. All these provisions would restrict
our ability to sell a property, which could reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 

Our ability to make distributions
to our stockholders will depend upon the ability of hotel managers to operate our hotels effectively. 

We expect to invest
the proceeds from our public offerings primarily in additional hotel properties. To qualify as a REIT, we cannot operate any hotel
or directly participate in the decisions affecting the daily operations of any hotel. Our property manager or a third-party property
manager or sub-property manager will have direct control of the daily operations of our hotels. We will not have the authority
to directly control any particular aspect of the daily operations of any hotel e.g. , setting room rates). Thus, even if
we believed the hotels were being operated in an inefficient or sub-optimal manner, we would not be able to require a change to
the method of operation. Our only alternative for changing the operation of the hotels would be to replace the manager of one or
more hotels in situations where the applicable management agreement permits us to terminate the existing manager. 

23 

Our ability to make
distributions to stockholders will be impacted by the performance of the hotel managers in generating sufficient revenues from
the hotels in excess of operating expenses. The hotel managers will be affected by factors beyond their control, such as changes
in the level of demand for rooms and related services of the hotels, their ability to maintain and increase gross revenues and
operating margins at the hotels and other factors. Therefore, any operating difficulties or other factors affecting the hotel managers 
ability to maintain and increase gross revenues and operating margins at the hotels could significantly adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. 

The use of internet travel websites
by customers can adversely affect our profitability. 

The use of internet
travel intermediaries by consumers may cause us to experience fluctuations in our operating performance and otherwise adversely
affect our profitability and cash flows. Our property managers will likely rely upon internet travel intermediaries such as Travelocity.com,
Expedia.com, Orbitz.com, Hotels.com and Priceline.com to generate demand for our hotel properties. As internet bookings increase,
these intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions, reduced room rates or other significant contract concessions from
our property managers. Moreover, some of these internet travel intermediaries are attempting to offer hotel rooms as a commodity,
by increasing the importance of price and general indicators of quality (such as three-star downtown hotel at the
expense of brand identification. Consumers may eventually develop brand loyalties to their reservations system rather than the
premier-brand, select-service hotel properties we intend to primarily invest in, which could have an adverse effect on our business
because we will rely heavily on brand identification. If the amount of sales made through internet intermediaries increases significantly
and our property managers fail to appropriately price room inventory in a manner that maximizes the opportunity for enhanced profit
margins, room revenues may flatten or decrease and our profitability may be adversely affected. 

Competition in the hospitality industry
and with third parties in acquiring properties may reduce our profitability and the return on a stockholder s investment. 

The hospitality industry
is generally characterized as being intensely competitive. Any hotel in which we invest will compete with existing and new hotels
and other short-term rental competitors in their geographic markets, including with independent hotels, hotels which are part of
local or regional chains and hotels in other well-known national chains, including hotels and other short-term rental competitors
offering different types of accommodations and services. The principal competitive factors that will affect the hotel properties
in which we will seek to invest include, but are not limited to, brand recognition, location, range of services and guest amenities
and the quality and price of the rooms and services provided. Any one of the foregoing could impact our profitability and ability
to pay distributions. 

We face significant
competition for attractive hotel investment opportunities from other major real estate investors with significant capital, including
both publicly traded REITs and private institutional investment funds. Because of competition from other well-capitalized real
estate investors, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to acquire desired hotel properties. Where it is possible to
acquire desired hotel properties, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to do so on favorable terms or that such properties
will meet our return expectations or conform to our investment criteria. The competition to acquire attractive hotel investment
opportunities could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to pay distributions. 

We face possible risks associated
with natural disasters and the physical effects of climate change. 

We are subject to the
risks associated with natural disasters and the physical effects of climate change, which can include more frequent or severe storms,
droughts, hurricanes and flooding, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our hotels, operations and business. Over
time, our coastal markets are expected to experience increases in storm intensity and rising sea levels causing damage to our hotels.
As a result, we could become subject to significant losses and/or repair costs that may or may not be fully covered by insurance.
Other markets may experience prolonged variations in temperature or precipitation that may limit access to the water needed to
operate our hotels or significantly increase energy costs, which may subject those hotels to additional regulatory burdens, such
as limitations on water usage or stricter energy efficiency standards. Climate change also may affect our business by increasing
the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable in areas most vulnerable to such events, increasing
operating costs at our hotels, such as the cost of water or energy, and requiring us to expend funds as we seek to repair and protect
our hotels against such risks. There can be no assurance that climate change will not have a material adverse effect on our hotels,
operations or business. 

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH REAL ESTATE SECURITIES
AND DEBT-RELATED INVESTMENTS 

Disruptions in the financial markets
and deteriorating economic conditions could adversely impact the commercial mortgage market as well as the market for debt-related
investments generally, which could hinder our ability to implement our business strategy and generate returns for our stockholders. 

As part of our investment
strategy, we may acquire real estate-related loans, real estate-related debt securities and other real estate-related investments
in the hospitality sector. The returns available to investors on these investments are determined by: (1) the supply and demand
for such investments and (2) the existence of a market for such investments, which includes the ability to sell or finance such
investments. During periods of volatility, the number of investors participating in the market may change at an accelerated pace.
As liquidity or demand increases, the returns available to investors will decrease. Conversely, a lack of liquidity
will cause the returns available to investors to increase. Continued or future instability may interfere with the successful implementation
of our business strategy. 

24 

If we make or invest in mortgage
loans, our mortgage loans may be affected by unfavorable real estate market conditions, which could decrease the value of those
loans and the return on a stockholder s investment. 

If
we make or invest in mortgage loans, we will be at risk of defaults by the borrowers on those mortgage loans. These defaults may
be caused by many conditions beyond our control, including interest rate levels and local and other economic conditions affecting
real estate values. We will not know whether the values of the properties securing our mortgage loans will remain at the levels
existing on the dates of origination of those mortgage loans. If the values of the underlying properties drop, our risk will increase
because of the lower value of the security associated with such loans . 

To the extent we make or invest in
mortgage loans, our mortgage loans will be subject to interest rate fluctuations that could reduce our returns as compared to market
interest rates and reduce the value of the mortgage loans in the event we sell them; accordingly, the value of a stockholder s
investment would be subject to fluctuations in interest rates. 

To the extent we invest
in fixed-rate, long-term mortgage loans and market interest rates rise, the mortgage loans could yield a return that is lower than
then-current market rates, which would lower the proceeds we would receive in the event we sell such assets. If market interest
rates decrease, we will be adversely affected to the extent that mortgage loans are prepaid because we may have to originate new
loans at the new, lower prevailing interest rate. To the extent we invest in variable-rate loans and interest rates decrease, our
revenues will also decrease. Finally, to the extent we invest in variable-rate loans and interest rates increase, the value of
the loans we own at such time would decrease, which would lower the proceeds we would receive in the event we sell such assets.
For these reasons, if we invest in mortgage loans, our returns on those loans and the value of a stockholder s investment
will be subject to fluctuations in market interest rates. 

The CMBS and CDOs in which we may
invest are subject to several types of risks. 

Commercial mortgage-backed
securities, or CMBS, are bonds which evidence interests in, or are secured by, a single commercial mortgage loan or a pool of commercial
mortgage loans. Collateralized debt obligations, or CDOs, are a type of debt obligation that are backed by commercial real estate
assets, such as CMBS, commercial mortgage loans, B-notes, or mezzanine paper. Accordingly, the mortgage-backed securities we may
invest in are subject to all the risks of the underlying mortgage loans. 

In a rising interest
rate environment, the value of CMBS and CDOs may be adversely affected when payments on underlying mortgages do not occur as anticipated,
resulting in the extension of the security s effective maturity and the related increase in interest rate sensitivity of
a longer-term instrument. The value of CMBS and CDOs may also change due to shifts in the market s perception of issuers
and regulatory or tax changes adversely affecting the mortgage securities markets as a whole. In addition, CMBS and CDOs are subject
to the credit risk associated with the performance of the underlying mortgage properties. In certain instances, third-party guarantees
or other forms of credit support can reduce the credit risk. 

CMBS and CDOs are also
subject to several risks created through the securitization process. Subordinate CMBS and CDOs are paid interest only to the extent
that there are funds available to make payments. To the extent the collateral pool includes a large percentage of delinquent loans,
there is a risk that interest payment on subordinate CMBS and CDOs will not be fully paid. Subordinate securities of CMBS and CDOs
are also subject to greater credit risk than those CMBS and CDOs that are more highly rated. 

The mezzanine loans in which we may
invest would involve greater risks of loss than senior loans secured by income-producing real properties. 

We may invest in mezzanine
loans that take the form of subordinated loans secured by second mortgages on the underlying real property or loans secured by
a pledge of the ownership interests of the entity owning the real property, the entity that owns the interest in the entity owning
the real property or other assets. These types of investments involve a higher degree of risk than long-term senior mortgage lending
secured by income-producing real property because the investment may become unsecured as a result of foreclosure by the senior
lender. In the event of a bankruptcy of the entity providing the pledge of its ownership interests as security, we may not have
full recourse to the assets of such entity, or the assets of the entity may not be sufficient to satisfy our mezzanine loan. If
a borrower defaults on our mezzanine loan or debt senior to our loan, or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, our mezzanine loan
will be satisfied only after the senior debt. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our investment. In addition, mezzanine
loans may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the real property and
increasing the risk of loss of principal. 

25 

We may invest in equity of other REITs that invest in
real estate as one of their core businesses and other real estate-related companies, which subjects us to certain risks including
those risks associated with an investment in our own common stock. 

We
have, and may continue to, invest in the equity securities of other REITs, including publicly-traded REITs. REITs that invest primarily
in real estate are subject to the risks of the real estate market and securities market. REITs are dependent upon specialized management
skills, have limited diversification and are, therefore, subject to risks inherent in financing a limited number of projects. REITs
may be subject to management fees and other expenses, and as a result to the extent that we invest in REITs we will bear our proportionate
share of the costs of the REITs operations. Investing in REITs and real estate-related companies involves certain unique
risks in addition to those risks associated with investing in the real estate industry in general. The market value of REIT shares
and the ability of the REIT to distribute income may be adversely affected by several factors, including the risks described herein
that relate to an investment in our common stock. REITs depend generally on their ability to generate cash flow to make distributions
to shareholders. In addition, distributions received by us from REITs may consist of dividends, capital gains or return of capital.
Generally, dividends received by us from REIT shares and distributed to our stockholders will not constitute qualified dividend
income eligible for the reduced tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income. In addition, the performance of a REIT
may be affected by changes in the tax laws or by its failure to qualify for tax-free pass-through of income. 

REITs
(especially mortgage REITs) are also subject to interest rate risk. Rising interest rates may cause REIT investors to demand a
higher annual yield, which may, in turn, cause a decline in the market price of the equity securities issued by a REIT. 

Investing
in certain REITs and real estate-related companies, which often have small market capitalizations, may also involve the same risks
as investing in other small capitalization companies. REITs and real estate-related companies may have limited financial resources
and their securities may trade less frequently and in limited volume and may be subject to more abrupt or erratic price movements
than larger company securities. 

We will
face spread widening risk related to our investment in securities. 

For
reasons not necessarily attributable to any of the risks set forth herein (for example, supply/demand imbalances or other market
forces), the market spreads of the securities in which we invest may increase substantially causing the securities prices to fall.
It may not be possible to predict, or to hedge against, such spread widening risk. In addition, mark-to-market accounting
of our investments will have an interim effect on the reported value prior to realization of an investment. 

We may make
open market purchases or invest in publicly traded securities. 

We
have, and may continue to, invest in securities that are publicly traded and are, therefore, subject to the risks inherent in investing
in public securities, including price volatility. When investing in public securities, we may be unable to obtain financial covenants
or other contractual rights, including management rights that we might otherwise be able to obtain in making privately negotiated
investments. Moreover, we may not have the same access to information in connection with investments in public securities, either
when investigating a potential investment or after making an investment, as compared to privately negotiated investments. In addition,
an investment may be sold by us to a public company where the consideration received is a combination of cash and stock of the
public company, which may, depending on the securities laws of the relevant jurisdiction, be subject to lock-up periods. 

RISKS ASSOCIATED
WITH DEBT FINANCING 

The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant
adverse effect on the hospitality industry and increased the risk that we will be unable to satisfy our debt service obligations
and become subject to foreclosure actions initiated by lenders and other adverse consequences . 

We generally finance
a portion of the purchase price of our investments by borrowing funds. Our failure to comply with the covenants in our existing
loan agreements, or inability to make required principal and interest payments, could cause a default under the applicable loan
agreement, which could result in fees, penalties and the acceleration of the outstanding debt. If a lender accelerates the repayment
of a loan due to our default, we may be required to repay such loan with capital obtained from other sources, which may not be
available to us or may only be available on unfavorable terms. If we default under a loan, we may become involved in litigation
related to matters concerning the loan and the remedies available to the lender, which could result in significant legal costs.
Additionally, defaulting under a loan may damage our reputation as a borrower and limit our ability to secure financing on attractive
terms in the future. 

Incurring mortgage
debt increases our risk of loss since our default on indebtedness secured by one of our properties may result in the lender initiating
foreclosure actions on the property. For tax purposes, a foreclosure on any of our properties will be treated as a sale of the
property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance
of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we will recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but
we would not receive any cash proceeds. We generally seek to obtain mortgages securing indebtedness which encumber only the particular
property to which the indebtedness relates, However, if any mortgage contains cross collateralization or cross default provisions,
a default on a single property could affect multiple properties. 

26 

The COVID-19 pandemic
had a significant adverse effect on the hospitality industry and increased the risk that we will be unable to satisfy our debt
service obligations and become subject to foreclosure actions initiated by lenders. As of the date of this Annual Report, we are
current with respect to the payments due under the mortgage loans secured by our hotel properties or are in compliance with the
modified terms of certain mortgage loans as agreed to with the lenders and other accommodations. Certain lenders have agreed to
limited loan modifications, including temporary deferrals of interest and principal payments, and agreements to forbear the enforcement
of default remedies available under the terms of the loan documents. As of the date of this Annual Report, no lenders have accelerated
the maturity of any of the loans secured by our properties or initiated foreclosure procedures with respect to any of our properties.
However, there can be no guarantee that the lenders will continue to agree to further loan modifications or accommodations and
will not elect to exercise the remedies available to them under the loan documents, including acceleration or foreclosure actions.
The exercise of any such remedies by a lender will have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations
and will impair our ability to resume the payment of distributions to our stockholders. 

Instability in the debt markets and
our inability to find financing on attractive terms may make it more difficult for us to finance or refinance properties, which
could reduce the number of properties we can acquire and the amount of cash distributions we can make to our stockholders. 

If mortgage debt is
unavailable on reasonable terms as a result of increased interest rates, underwriting standards, capital market instability or
other factors, we may not be able to finance the initial purchase of properties. In addition, if we place mortgage debt on properties,
we run the risk of being unable to refinance such debt when the loans come due, or of being unable to refinance on favorable terms.
If interest rates are higher when we refinance debt, our income could be reduced. We may be unable to refinance debt at appropriate
times, which may require us to sell properties on terms that are not advantageous to us, or could result in the foreclosure of
such properties. If any of these events occur, our cash flow would be reduced. This, in turn, would reduce cash available for distribution
to our stockholders and may hinder our ability to raise more capital by issuing securities or by borrowing more money. Several
of the mortgage loans secured by our hotel properties mature during 2023. 

We are subject to risks related to
bank failures. 

The current economic
and regulatory environment has raised the risk of instability in the banking sector and bank failures. We may be affected by bank
failures to the extent that our depositary accounts with a distressed bank exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC limits and cannot be recovered or we have obtained a line of credit or other financing from a distressed bank that can no longer
be drawn upon. These risks can apply at the company or investment level. Our advisor intends to mitigate these risks by limiting
depositary account amounts to the FDIC ensured levels where practical and carefully monitoring our banking relationships. Our advisor
reviews all direct banking relationships as part of its ongoing diligence of our key service providers. 

We may not have sufficient funds
to pay interest payments if interest rates increase significantly. 

Mortgage loans we have
or may in the future obtain may have variable interest rates. In response to the last global economic recession, extraordinary
monetary policy actions of the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banking institutions, including the utilization of quantitative
easing, were taken to create and maintain a low interest rate environment. However, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised its benchmark
interest rate nine times between December 2015 and the end of 2020, including four times in 2018, each time by a quarter of a percentage
point, before reducing interest rates three times in 2019 and twice in 2020. The U.S. Federal Reserve reduced its benchmark interest
rate to 0 in March 2020 before voting in November 2020 to keep short-term interest rates anchored in a range between 0 and 0.25 .
Further, the U.S. Federal Reserve has raised interest rates repeatedly in 2022, including an increase of 0.25 in March 2022, 0.5 
in May 2022, 0.75 in June 2022, 0.75 in July 2022, 0.75 in September 2022, 0.75 in November 2022, 0.50 in December 2022, and
0.25 in February 2023, and may further increase interest rates in 2023. Any change in the fiscal policies or stated target interest
rates of the U.S. Federal Reserve or other central banking institutions, or market expectations of such change, are difficult to
predict and may result in significantly higher long-term interest rates. Such a transition may be abrupt and may, among other things,
reduce the availability and/or increase the costs of obtaining new debt and refinancing existing indebtedness. 

In the event that the
interest rate on any of our outstanding mortgage loans or other indebtedness increases significantly, we may not have sufficient
funds to pay the required interest payments. In such event, our continued ownership of the applicable property that secures such
loan may be threatened. Further, an increase in interest rates and adverse changes in fiscal policy or credit market conditions
could have an adverse effect on consumer spending, which could impact our revenues. 

Lenders may require us to enter into
restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which could limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 

When providing financing,
a lender may impose restrictions on us that affect our distribution and operating policies and our ability to incur additional
debt. Loan documents we enter into may contain covenants that limit our ability to further mortgage a property, discontinue insurance
coverage, or replace Moody National Advisor II, LLC as our advisor. In addition, loan documents may limit our ability to replace
a property s property manager or terminate certain operating or lease agreements related to a property. These or other limitations
may adversely affect our flexibility and our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 

27 

Our derivative financial instruments
that we may use to hedge against interest rate fluctuations may not be successful in mitigating our risks associated with interest
rates and could reduce the overall returns on your investment. 

We may use derivative
financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our real estate assets, but no hedging
strategy can protect us completely. We cannot assure you that our hedging strategy and the derivatives that we use will adequately
offset the risk of interest rate volatility or that our hedging transactions will not result in losses. In addition, the use of
such instruments may reduce the overall return on our investments. These instruments may also generate income that may not be treated
as qualifying REIT income for purposes of the 75 or 95 REIT gross income test. 

FEDERAL INCOME TAX RISKS 

Failure to qualify as a REIT could
adversely affect our operations and our ability to make distributions. 

We have elected to
be taxed as a REIT for our taxable year ended December 31, 2016 and will operate in a manner designed to permit us to continue
to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 

Our qualification as
a REIT will depend on our ongoing satisfaction of numerous requirements established under highly technical and complex provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations and involve the determination
of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. The complexity of these provisions and of the applicable
income tax regulations that have been promulgated under the Internal Revenue Code is greater in the case of a REIT that holds its
assets through a partnership, as we do. Moreover, no assurance can be given that new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations
or court decisions will not change the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences
of that qualification. 

If we fail to qualify
as a REIT in any taxable year for which we have elected to be taxed as a REIT and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions,
we would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax (and applicable state and local taxes) on our taxable income, and distributions
to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in determining our taxable income. In such a case, we might need to borrow money
or sell assets in order to pay our taxes. Our payment of income tax would decrease the amount of our cash available for distribution
to our stockholders. Furthermore, we would not be required to distribute substantially all of our net taxable income to our stockholders.
In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year for which we have elected to be taxed as a REIT, unless we are
eligible for certain statutory relief provisions, we could not re-elect to be taxed as a REIT until the fifth calendar year following
the year in which we failed to qualify. In addition, although we intend to operate in a manner intended to qualify as a REIT, it
is possible that future economic, market, legal, tax or other considerations may cause our board of directors to recommend that
we revoke our REIT election. 

We believe that our
operating partnership will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a partnership and not as an association or as a publicly
traded partnership taxable as a corporation. If the Internal Revenue Service were successfully to determine that our operating
partnership should properly be treated as a corporation, our operating partnership would be required to pay federal income tax
at corporate rates on its net income. In addition, we would fail to qualify as a REIT, with the resulting consequences described
above. 

We may be subject to adverse legislative
or regulatory tax changes that could increase our tax liability and reduce our operating flexibility . 

In recent years, numerous
legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made in the provisions of U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to
investments similar to an investment in shares of our common stock. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has resulted in fundamental changes
to the Code, with many of the changes applicable to individuals applying only through December 31, 2025. Further changes to the
tax laws, unrelated to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, are possible. 

Although REITs generally
receive certain tax advantages compared to entities taxed as regular corporations, it is possible that future legislation would
result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to
elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a corporation. As a result, our charter authorizes our board of directors
to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that changes to
U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations or other considerations mean it is no longer in our best interests to qualify as a
REIT. According to publicly released statements, a top legislative priority of President Biden s administration and of Democrats
in the Senate and the House of Representatives is significant tax increases and various other changes to U.S. tax rules. It is
unclear whether any legislation will be enacted into law or, if enacted, what form it would take, and it is also unclear whether
there could be regulatory or administrative action that could affect U.S. tax rules. 

28 

We cannot assure that
any future changes will not adversely affect the taxation of our stockholders. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on
an investment in our shares or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. Our stockholders are urged to consult
with their tax advisors with respect to the impact of these legislative changes on an investment in our shares and the status of
legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. 

To qualify as a REIT, we must meet
annual distribution requirements, which may result in us distributing amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations or
b orrowing funds on a short-term basis during unfavorable market conditions . 

To qualify as a REIT,
we will be required each year to distribute to our stockholders dividends equal to at least 90 of our real estate investment trust
taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gains. We will be subject to
federal income tax on any undistributed taxable income, including net capital gains, and to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on any
amount by which dividends we pay with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (1) 85 of our ordinary income, (2)
95 of our capital gain net income and (3) 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. These requirements could cause us
to distribute amounts that otherwise would be spent on investments in real estate assets, and it is possible that we might be required
to borrow funds or sell assets to fund these distributions. If we fund distributions through borrowings, then we will have to repay
debt using money we could have otherwise used to acquire properties. If we sell assets to pay distributions, we also will have
fewer investments. Fewer investments may impact our ability to generate future cash flows from operations and, therefore, reduce
your overall return. Although we intend to make distributions sufficient to meet the annual distribution requirements and to avoid
corporate income and excise taxes, it is possible that we might not always be able to do so. 

We may choose to pay dividends in
a combination of cash and our own common stock, in which case stockholders may be required to pay income taxes in excess of the
cash dividends they receive. 

We may choose to pay
dividends in a combination of cash and our own common stock. Under IRS Revenue Procedure 2017-45, as a publicly offered REIT, we
may give stockholders a choice, subject to various limits and requirements, of receiving a dividend in cash or in our common stock.
As long as at least 20 of the total dividend is available in cash and certain other requirements are satisfied, the IRS will treat
the stock distribution as a dividend (to the extent applicable rules treat such distribution as being made out of our earnings
and profits). As a result, U.S. stockholders may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of the
cash dividends they receive. In the case of non-U.S. stockholders, we generally will be required to withhold tax with respect to
the entire dividend, which withholding tax may exceed the amount of cash such non-U.S. stockholder would otherwise receive. 

If the leases of our hotels to the
taxable REIT subsidiary TRS lessee are not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will
fail to qualify as a REIT. 

To qualify as a REIT,
we must annually satisfy two gross income tests, under which specified percentages of our gross income must be derived from certain
sources, such as rents from real property. Rents paid to our operating partnership by the TRS lessee pursuant to
the leases of our hotels will constitute substantially all of our gross income. In order for such rent to qualify as rents
from real property for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as true leases for U.S. federal
income tax purposes and not be treated as service contracts, financing arrangements, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement.
If our leases are not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will fail to qualify as a REIT. 

If any hotel managers that we may
engage do not qualify as eligible independent contractors, or if our hotels are not qualified lodging facilities, 
we will fail to qualify as a REIT. 

Rent paid by a lessee
that is a related party tenant of ours generally will not be qualifying income for purposes of the two gross income
tests applicable to REITs, but an exception is provided for leases of qualified lodging facilities to a TRS so long
as the hotels are managed by an eligible independent contractor and certain other requirements are satisfied. We
expect to lease all or substantially all of our hotels to the TRS lessee, which is a disregarded subsidiary that is intended to
qualify as a TRS. We expect that the TRS lessee will engage hotel managers, including our affiliated property manager and third-party
property managers that are intended to qualify as eligible independent contractors. Among other requirements, in
order to qualify as an eligible independent contractor, the hotel manager must not own, directly or through its equity owners,
more than 35 of our outstanding stock, and no person or group of persons can own more than 35 of our outstanding stock and the
equity interests of the hotel manager, taking into account certain ownership attribution rules. The ownership attribution rules
that apply for purposes of these 35 thresholds are complex and monitoring actual and constructive ownership of our stock by our
hotel managers and their owners may not be practical. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that these ownership levels will not
be exceeded. 

In addition, for a
hotel management company to qualify as an eligible independent contractor, such company or a related person must be actively engaged
in the trade or business of operating qualified lodging facilities (as defined below) for one or more persons not
related to the REIT or its TRS at each time that such company enters into a hotel management contract with a TRS or its TRS lessee.
No assurances can be provided that any hotel managers that we may engage will in fact comply with this requirement in the future.
Failure to comply with this requirement would require us to find other managers for future contracts, and if we hired a management
company without knowledge of the failure, it could jeopardize our status as a REIT. 

29 

Finally, each property
that we lease to our TRS lessee must be a qualified lodging facility. A qualified lodging facility 
is a hotel, motel, or other establishment more than one-half of the dwelling units in which are used on a transient basis, including
customary amenities and facilities, provided that no wagering activities are conducted at or in connection with such facility by
any person who is engaged in the business of accepting wagers and who is legally authorized to engage in such business at or in
connection with such facility. The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code provide only limited guidance for making determinations
under the requirements for qualified lodging facilities, and there can be no assurance that these requirements will be satisfied. 

Ordinary dividends payable by REITs
generally do not qualify for reduced U.S. federal income tax rates. 

The maximum tax rate
applicable to qualified dividend income payable to certain non-corporate U.S. stockholders, including individuals, is currently
20 . Dividends paid by REITs, however, are not eligible for the reduced rates except to the extent designated as capital gain dividends
or qualified dividend income. Although this does not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, the
more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause certain non-corporate investors to perceive
investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends,
which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our common stock. However, for taxable years through the
taxable year ending December 31, 2025, non-corporate U.S. taxpayers may be entitled to claim a deduction in determining their taxable
income of up to 20 of qualified REIT dividends (dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified
dividend income), subject to certain limitations. 

Recharacterization of sale-leaseback
transactions may cause us to lose our REIT status. 

We may purchase real
properties and lease them back to the sellers of such properties. We cannot guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service will not
challenge our characterization of any sale-leaseback transactions. In the event that any such sale-leaseback transaction is challenged
and recharacterized as a financing transaction or loan for federal income tax purposes, deductions for depreciation and cost recovery
relating to such property would be disallowed. If a sale-leaseback transaction were so recharacterized, we might fail to satisfy
the REIT qualification asset tests or the gross income tests and, consequently, lose our REIT status.
Alternatively, the amount of our REIT taxable income could be recalculated which might also cause us to fail to meet the distribution
requirement for a taxable year. 

You may have current tax liability
on distributions if you elect to reinvest in shares of our common stock. 

If you participate
in our distribution reinvestment plan, you will be deemed to have received a cash distribution equal to the fair market value of
the stock received pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, which will be taxed as a dividend to the extent of our current
or accumulated earnings and profits. As a result, unless you are a tax-exempt entity, you may have to use funds from other sources
to pay your tax liability on the value of the common stock received. Our distribution reinvestment plan is currently suspended. 

Restrictions on deduction of all
of our interest expense could prevent us from satisfying the REIT distribution requirements and avoiding incurring income or excise
taxes. 

Rules enacted as part
of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act may limit our ability (and the ability of entities that are not treated as disregarded entities for
U.S. federal income tax purposes and in which we hold an interest) to deduct interest expense. Under amended Section 163(j) of
the Internal Revenue Code, the deduction for business interest expense may be limited to the amount of the taxpayer s business
interest income plus 30 of the taxpayer s adjusted taxable income unless the taxpayer s gross receipts
do not exceed 25 million per year during the applicable testing period or the taxpayer qualifies to elect and elects to be treated
as an electing real property trade or business. A taxpayer s adjusted taxable income will start with its taxable
income and add back items of non-business income and expense, business interest income and business interest expense, net operating
losses, any deductions for qualified business income, and, in taxable years beginning before January 1, 2022, any
deductions for depreciation, amortization or depletion. A taxpayer that is exempt from the interest expense limitations as an electing
real property trade or business is ineligible for certain expensing benefits and is subject to less favorable depreciation rules
for real property. The new rules for business interest expense will apply to us and at the level of each entity in which or through
which we invest that is not a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To the extent that our interest expense
is not deductible, our taxable income will be increased, as will our REIT distribution requirements and the amounts we need to
distribute to avoid incurring income and excise taxes. 

Sales of our properties at gains
are potentially subject to the prohibited transaction tax, which could reduce the return on your investment. 

Our ability to dispose
of property is restricted as a result of our REIT status. Under applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code regarding prohibited
transactions by REITs, we will be subject to a 100 tax on any gain realized on the sale or other disposition of any property (other
than foreclosure property) we own, directly or through a subsidiary entity, including our operating partnership, but excluding
our TRS s, that is deemed to be inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of trade
or business unless a safe harbor applies under the Internal Revenue Code. Whether property is inventory or otherwise held primarily
for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business depends on the particular facts and circumstances surrounding
each property. 

30 

In certain circumstances, we may
be subject to federal and state taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to you. 

Even if we maintain
our status as a REIT, we may be subject to federal and state taxes. For example, net income from a prohibited transaction 
will be subject to a 100 tax. We may not be able to make sufficient distributions to avoid income and/or excise taxes applicable
to REITs. If we were to fail either gross income test (and did not lose our REIT status because such failure was due to reasonable
cause and not willful neglect), we would be subject to tax on the income that does not meet the gross income test requirements.
We may also decide to retain capital gains we earn from the sale or other disposition of our real estate assets and pay income
tax directly on such income. We may also be subject to state and local taxes on our income or property, either directly or at the
level of the companies through which we indirectly own our assets. In addition, our TRS will be subject to federal income tax and
applicable state and local taxes on its net income. Any federal or state taxes we pay will reduce our cash available for distribution
to you. 

Distributions to tax-exempt investors
may be classified as unrelated business taxable income. 

Neither ordinary nor
capital gain distributions with respect to our common stock nor gain from the sale of common stock should generally constitute
unrelated business taxable income to a tax-exempt investor. However, there are certain exceptions to this rule. In particular: 

part of the income and gain recognized by certain qualified pension trusts with respect to our
common stock may be treated as unrelated business taxable income if we are a pension-held REIT, which should not
be the case; 

part of the income and gain recognized by a tax-exempt investor with respect to our common stock
would constitute unrelated business taxable income if the investor incurs debt to acquire the common stock; and 

part or all of the income or gain recognized with respect to our common stock by social clubs,
voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts and qualified group legal services plans which
are exempt from federal income taxation under Sections 501(c)(7), (9), (17), or (20) of the Internal Revenue Code may be treated
as unrelated business taxable income. 

Complying with the REIT requirements
may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 

To qualify as a REIT
for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the
nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of shares of our common
stock. We may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available
for distribution. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing
profits. 

Complying with the REIT requirements
may force us to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 

To qualify as a REIT,
we must ensure that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items,
government securities and qualified real estate assets, including shares of stock in other REITs and certain mortgage loans and
mortgage-backed securities. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than government securities, qualified real estate
assets and securities of our TRSs) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer
or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of
the value of our assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities of our TRSs) can consist
of the securities of any one issuer. No more than 20 of the value of our total securities can be represented by securities of
one or more TRSs. Finally, no more than 25 of our assets may consist of nonqualified publicly offered REIT debt instruments. 
If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct such failure within 30 days after
the end of the calendar quarter to avoid losing our REIT status and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be
required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 

Liquidation of assets may jeopardize
our REIT status. 

To qualify as a REIT,
we must comply with requirements regarding our assets and our sources of income. If we are compelled to liquidate any investments
we make to satisfy our obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing
our status as a REIT, or we may be subject to a 100 tax on any resultant gain if we sell assets that are treated as dealer property
or inventory. 

31 

The failure of a mezzanine loan to
qualify as a real estate asset could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 

We may acquire mezzanine
loans. If a mezzanine loan satisfies an Internal Revenue Service safe harbor, the mezzanine loan will be treated as a real estate
asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests and interest derived from the mezzanine loan will be treated as qualifying mortgage
interest for purposes of the REIT 75 gross income test. Although the Revenue Procedure provides a safe harbor on which taxpayers
may rely, it does not prescribe rules of substantive tax law. We intend to make investments that comply with the various requirements
applicable to our qualification as a REIT. We may, however, acquire mezzanine loans that do not meet all of the requirements of
this safe harbor. In the event we own a mezzanine loan that does not meet the safe harbor, the Internal Revenue Service could challenge
such loan s treatment as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests and could challenge treatment of interest
on such loan as qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test, and, if such a challenge were sustained, we could
fail to qualify as a REIT. 

The use of a TRS will increase our
overall tax liability. 

Our domestic TRS will
be subject to federal and state corporate income tax on its taxable income. Accordingly, although our ownership of a TRS lessee
allows us to participate in the operating income from any hotel properties that may be acquired in addition to receiving rent,
that operating income is fully subject to corporate income tax. Such taxes could be substantial. In addition, special taxes apply
to non-arm s length transactions with our TRSs. We will be required to pay a 100 tax on any redetermined rents, redetermined
deductions, excess interest and redetermined TRS service income. In general, redetermined rents are rents from real property that
are overstated as a result of services furnished by our TRS. Redetermined deductions and excess interest generally represent amounts
that are deducted by a TRS for amounts paid to us that are in excess of the amounts that would have been deducted based on arm s-length
negotiations. Redetermined TRS service income generally means the additional gross income a TRS would recognize if it were paid
an arm s length fee for services provided to, or on behalf of, us. 

Non-U.S. investors may be subject
to U.S. federal income tax on the sale of shares of our common stock if we are unable to qualify as a domestically controlled REIT
and generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on capital gain dividends. 

A non-U.S. person disposing
of a U.S. real property interest, including shares of a U.S. corporation whose assets consist principally of U.S. real property
interests, is generally subject to U.S. federal income tax on the gain recognized on such disposition. A non-U.S. stockholder generally
would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, however, on gain from the disposition of stock in a REIT if the REIT is a domestically
controlled REIT. A domestically controlled REIT is a REIT in which, at all times during a specified testing period, less than 50 
in value of its shares is held directly or indirectly by non-U.S. stockholders. We cannot assure you that we will qualify as a
domestically controlled REIT. If we were to fail to so qualify, gain realized by a non-U.S. investor on a sale of our common stock
would be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless our common stock was traded on an established securities market, which is not
currently the case, and the non-U.S. investor did not at any time during a specified testing period directly or indirectly own
more than 10 of the value of our outstanding common stock. In addition, if a non-U.S. person receives a dividend that is attributable
to gains from our sale of a U.S. real property interest, such non-U.S. person generally will be required to report such dividend
on a U.S. federal income tax return and pay U.S. federal income tax at regular U.S. federal income tax rates and a 30 branch profits
tax in the case of a non-U.S. corporation unless an applicable tax treaty provides an exemption from, or lower rate of, branch
profits tax. 

If our operating partnership failed
to qualify as a partnership or is not otherwise disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as
a REIT. 

If the IRS were to
successfully challenge the status of our operating partnership as a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, it would be taxable as a corporation. In the event that this occurs, it would reduce the amount of distributions that
the operating partnership could make to us. This would also result in our failing to qualify as a REIT and becoming subject to
a corporate-level tax on our income, which would substantially reduce our cash available to pay distributions and the yield on
an investment in our stock. 

There may be tax consequences to
any modifications to our borrowings, our hedging transactions and other contracts to replace references to LIBOR. 

We may be party to
loan agreements with LIBOR-based interest rates and derivatives with LIBOR-based terms used for hedging and may hold or acquire
assets with LIBOR-based terms. We may have to renegotiate such LIBOR-based instruments to replace references to LIBOR. Under current
law, certain modifications of terms of LIBOR-based instruments may have tax consequences, including deemed taxable exchanges of
the pre-modification instrument for the modified instrument. Proposed Treasury Regulations have been issued that would treat certain
modifications that would be taxable events under current law as non-taxable events. The proposed Treasury Regulations also would
permit real estate mortgage investment conduits REMICs to make certain modifications without losing REMIC qualification.
The proposed Treasury Regulations do not discuss REIT-specific issues of modifications to LIBOR-based instruments. It is not clear
when the proposed Treasury Regulations will be finalized or what, if any, changes will be made to the proposed Treasury Regulations
in final Treasury Regulations. We will attempt to migrate to a post-LIBOR environment without jeopardizing our REIT qualification
or suffering other adverse tax consequences but can give no assurances that we will succeed. 

32 

Our board of directors is authorized
to revoke our REIT election without stockholder approval, which may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders. 

Our charter authorizes
our board of directors to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines
that changes to U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations or other considerations mean it is no longer in our best interests
to qualify as a REIT. Our board of directors has fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders and could only cause such changes
in our tax treatment if it determines in good faith that such changes are in our best interests and in the best interests of our
stockholders. In this event, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income, and we would no longer be
required to distribute most of our net income to our stockholders, which may cause a reduction in the total return to our stockholders. 

RETIREMENT PLAN RISKS 

There are special considerations
for pension or profit-sharing or 401(k) plans, health or welfare plans or individual retirement accounts whose assets are being
invested in our common stock due to requirements under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code. Furthermore, a person acting on behalf
of a plan not subject to ERISA may be subject to similar penalties under applicable federal, state, local, or non-U.S. law by reason
of purchasing our stock. 

A stockholder that
is investing the assets of a pension, profit sharing or 401(k) plan, health or welfare plan, or an IRA, or other plan or arrangement
subject to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code in us, should consider: 

whether the investment is consistent with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Internal Revenue
Code; 

whether the investment is made in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the applicable
plan, IRA, or other arrangement, including the investment policy; 

whether the investment satisfies the prudence, diversification, and other applicable fiduciary
requirements in Section 404(a) of ERISA; 

whether the investment will impair the liquidity of the plan, IRA, or other arrangement; 

whether the investment will produce unrelated business taxable income, referred to as UBTI and
as defined in Sections 511 through 514 of the Internal Revenue Code, to the plan; 

the need to value the assets of the plan annually; and 

whether the investment will constitute a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section
4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Such a stockholder
should consider whether an investment in us will cause some or all of our assets to be considered assets of an employee benefit
plan, IRA, or other arrangement. We do not believe that under ERISA and U.S. Department of Labor regulations currently in effect
that our assets would be treated as plan assets for purposes of ERISA, although there can be no assurances. However,
if our assets were considered to be plan assets, transactions involving our assets would be subject to ERISA and Section 4975 of
the Internal Revenue Code and some of the transactions we have entered into with our advisor and its affiliates could be considered
 prohibited transactions, under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code. If such transactions were considered prohibited
transactions, our advisor and its affiliates could be subject to liabilities and excise taxes or penalties. In addition,
our officers and directors, our advisor and its affiliates could be deemed to be fiduciaries under ERISA, subject to other conditions,
restrictions and prohibitions under Part 4 of Title I of ERISA and those serving as fiduciaries of plans investing in us may be
considered to have improperly delegated fiduciary duties to us. Additionally, other transactions with parties-in-interest 
or disqualified persons with respect to an investing plan might be prohibited under ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code
or other governing authority in the case of a government plan. Therefore, we would be operating under a burdensome regulatory regime
that could limit or restrict investments we can make or our management of our real estate assets. Even if our assets are not considered
to be plan assets, a prohibited transaction could occur if we or any of our affiliates is a fiduciary (within the meaning of ERISA)
with respect to an employee benefit plan purchasing shares and, therefore, in the event any such persons are fiduciaries (within
the meaning of ERISA) of your plan or IRA, such stockholder should not hold our shares unless an administrative or statutory exemption
applies to your purchase. 

Failure to satisfy
the fiduciary standards of conduct and other requirements of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code, or other applicable statutory or
common law may result in the imposition of civil (and criminal, if the violation was willful) penalties, and can subject the fiduciary
to equitable remedies and/or damages. In addition, if an investment in our common stock constitutes a prohibited transaction under
ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, the fiduciary that authorized or directed the investment may be subject to the imposition of
excise taxes with respect to the amount invested. Furthermore, to the extent that the assets of a plan or arrangement not subject
to the fiduciary provisions of ERISA (for example, governmental plans, non-electing church plans, and foreign plans) will be used
to purchase our stock, such plans should consider the impact of applicable federal, state, local, or non-U.S. law on the decision
to make such purchase. 

33 

If we were at any time deemed to
hold plan assets under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, stockholders subject to ERISA and the related excise tax
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code may be subject to adverse financial and legal consequences. 

Stockholders subject
to ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code should consult their own advisors as to the effect of an investment in the shares. As discussed
under Certain ERISA Considerations, our assets may be deemed to constitute plan assets of stockholders
that are subject to the fiduciary provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction rules of Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue
Code Plans ). If we were deemed to hold plan assets of Plans, (i) ERISA s fiduciary standards
would apply to, and might materially affect, our operations if any such Plans are subject to ERISA and (ii) any transaction we
enter into could be deemed a transaction with each Plan and transactions we might enter into in the ordinary course of business
could constitute prohibited transactions under ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. Holding plan assets may
negatively impact our results. 

ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 
 As of December 31,
2022, we owned interests in fifteen hotel properties located in six states with a total of 2,123 rooms. For more information on
our hotel properties see Part I, Item 1, Business Investment Portfolio. 

Our principal executive
offices are located at 9655 Katy Freeway, Suite 600, Houston, Texas 77024. We consider these facilities to be suitable and adequate
for the management and operations of our business. 

ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time,
we are party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Management is not aware of any pending or
contemplated legal proceedings the outcome of which is or would be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations or financial condition. 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

34 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Stockholder Information 

As of March 12, 2023,
there were 13,640,429 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, consisting of 13,000,645 shares of Class A common stock,
159,092 shares of Class I common stock, and 480,692 shares of Class T common stock, held by a total of approximately 7,200 stockholders.
The number of stockholders is based on the records of DST Systems, Inc., which serves as our transfer agent. 

Market Information 

Our shares of common
stock are not currently listed on a national securities exchange or any over-the-counter market and there is no established public
trading market for our common stock. We do not expect our shares to become listed in the near future, and they may not become listed
at all. Consequently, there is the risk that our stockholders may not be able to sell their shares at a time or price acceptable
to them. We presently intend, but are not required, to complete a transaction providing liquidity for our stockholders within three
to six years from the termination of our initial public offering. Our charter does not require our board to pursue a liquidity
event at any particular time, or at all. However, we expect that our board will determine to pursue a liquidity event when it believes
that the then-current market conditions are favorable for a liquidity event and that such a transaction is in the best interests
of our stockholders. A liquidity event could include (1) the sale of all or substantially all of our assets either on a portfolio
basis or individually followed by a liquidation, (2) a merger or another transaction approved by our board in which our stockholders
will receive cash or shares of a publicly traded company, or (3) a listing of our shares on a national securities exchange. There
can be no assurance as to when a suitable transaction will be available. 

Determination
of Estimated Net Asset Value per Share 

On March 24, 2023,
our board of directors, including all of our independent directors, determined an estimated NAV per share of our Class A Shares,
Class I Shares and Class T Shares as of December 31, 2022 of 19.45. The estimated NAV per share is based on (x) the estimated
value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities, divided by (y) the number of outstanding shares of our common
stock, all as of December 31, 2022. We are providing the estimated NAV per share in part to assist broker-dealers in connection
with their obligations under applicable FINRA rules with respect to customer account statements. In determining the estimated NAV
per share, our board relied upon information contained in a report, or the Valuation Report, provided by our advisor, the recommendation
of the audit committee of our board and our board s experience with, and knowledge of, our real property and other assets
as of December 31, 2022. The objective of our board in determining the estimated NAV per share of our common stock was to arrive
at a value, based on recent, available data, that our board believed was reasonable based on methods that it deemed appropriate
after consultation with our advisor and the audit committee. In preparing the Valuation Report, our advisor relied in part on appraisals
of the fair value of our investments in hotel properties provided by Kendall Realty Consulting Group, LLC, which we refer to herein
as the Appraiser. To calculate the estimated NAV per share in the Valuation Report, our advisor used a methodology pursuant to
the provisions of Practice Guideline 2013-01, Valuations of Publicly Registered Non-Listed REITs, issued by the Institute
for Portfolio Alternatives in April 2013. 

The table below sets
forth material items included in the calculation of the estimated NAV per share as of December 31, 2022. A summary of methodologies,
assumptions and limitations follows the table (in thousands except per share amounts) (amounts in the table are unaudited). 

Investment in hotel properties 
 536,600 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 21,203 
 
 Other assets 
 4,405 

562,208 

Notes payable and notes payable to related party 
 266,431 
 
 Other liabilities 
 25,070 
 
 Special limited partnership interests 
 1 
 
 Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 
 5,415 
 
 Total liabilities, special limited partnership interests and noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 
 296,917 
 
 Estimated value 
 265,291 

Common stock outstanding 
 13,640 
 
 Estimated value per share 
 19.45 

35 

As of December 31, 2022, the estimated
NAV was allocated on a per share basis as follows: 

Investment in hotel properties 
 39.34 
 
 Notes payable and notes payable to related party 
 (19.53 
 
 Other assets, liabilities, and special limited partnership interests 
 0.04 
 
 Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 
 (0.40 
 
 Estimated value per share 
 19.45 

Investment in Hotel Properties 

As of December 31,
2022, we owned interests in 15 hotel properties. The Appraiser appraised the hotel properties in our portfolio using the income
method of valuation, specifically a discounted cash flow analysis, as well as the sales comparison approach. The income method
is a customary valuation method for income-producing properties, such as hotels. The appraisals were conducted on a property-by-property
basis. In performing this analysis, the Appraiser reviewed property-level information provided by our advisor and us, including:
property-level operating and financial data, prior appraisals (as available), franchise agreements, management agreements, agreements
governing the ownership structure of each property and other property-level information. In addition, the Appraiser (i) discussed
the applicable hotel properties with our advisor, (ii) conducted inspections of the applicable hotels, and (iii) reviewed information
from a variety of sources about market conditions for the applicable hotels. 

After completing the
foregoing reviews, the Appraiser developed multi-year discounted cash flow analyses for each hotel appraised based on a review
of such property s historical operating statements, a review of such property s 2023 forecasts and 2023 preliminary
budget, as well as estimated occupancy, average daily room rate, and revenues and expenses for each hotel based on an analysis
of market demand. In addition, the Appraiser determined an estimated residual value of the applicable hotel in the final year of
the discounted cash flow analysis by estimating the next year s net operating income and capitalizing that income at a capitalization
rate indicative of the location, quality and type of the hotel. The Appraiser made deductions for capital expenditures based on
discussions with our advisor, its review of the applicable property s improvements and estimates of reserves for replacements
going forward. The discount rates and capitalization rates used to value our hotel properties were selected and applied on a property-by-property
basis and were selected based on several factors, including but not limited to industry surveys, discussions with industry professionals,
hotel type, franchise, location, age, current room rates and other factors that the Appraiser deemed appropriate. The following
summarizes the overall discount rates and capitalization rates used by the Appraiser: 

Range 

Low 
 High 
 Weighted Average 
 
 Capitalization Rate 
 6.75 
 8.25 
 7.50 
 
 Discount Rate 
 8.75 
 10.25 
 9.50 

While we believe that
the discount rates and capitalization rates used by the Appraiser were reasonable, a change in those rates would significantly
impact the appraised values of our hotel properties and thus, the estimated NAV per share. The table below illustrates the impact
on the estimated NAV per share if the weighted average capitalization rate and weighted average discount rate listed above were
increased or decreased by 2.5 , assuming all other factors remain unchanged: 

Estimated NAV per Share due to 

Decrease of 
2.5 
 Increase of 
2.5 
 
 Capitalization Rate 
 19.94 
 18.96 
 
 Discount Rate 
 20.12 
 18.83 

The appraisals are
each addressed to our advisor to assist it in calculating an estimated NAV per share of our Class A Shares, Class I Shares and
Class T Shares. None of the appraisals are addressed to the public, may not be relied upon by any person other than our advisor
and our board (including any committee thereof) to establish an estimated NAV per share of our shares of common stock, and do not
constitute a recommendation to any person to purchase or sell any such shares. 

Notes Payable and Notes Payable to Related
Party 

As of December 31,
2022, we had 15 mortgage notes payable, 15 Economic Injury Disaster Loans of 500,000 each from the U.S. Small Business
Administration which are secured by our tangible and intangible personal property, and four notes payable to related party. The
Valuation Report contained an estimated fair value of each such note payable estimated based on discounted cash flow analyses
using the current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements as of the respective reporting dates.
The discounted cash flow method of assessing fair value results in a general approximation of value, and such value may never actually
be realized. 

36 

Other Assets and Liabilities 

The Valuation Report
contained estimates of our other assets and liabilities, consisting primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, deferred
franchise costs, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, other assets and accounts payable, and accrued expenses. The fair values
of such other assets and liabilities were considered by our board to be equal to their carrying value as of December 31, 2022 due
to their short maturities. 

Limitations of
the Estimated NAV per Share 

The various factors
considered by our board in determining the estimated NAV per share were based on a number of assumptions and estimates that may
not be accurate or complete. Different parties using different assumptions or different estimates could derive a different estimated
NAV per share. The estimated NAV per share is not audited and does not represent the value of our assets or liabilities according
to GAAP. Moreover, the estimated NAV per share determined by the board is not a representation, assurance, warranty or guarantee
that, among other things: 

a stockholder would be able to realize the estimated NAV per share if such stockholder attempts
to sell his or her shares; 

a stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share equal to the estimated NAV per share
upon a liquidation of our assets and settlement of our liabilities or upon our sale; 

our shares would trade at the estimated NAV per share on a national securities exchange; 

another independent third-party appraiser or third-party valuation firm would agree with the estimated
NAV per share; or 

the estimated NAV per share, or the methods used to determine the estimated NAV per share, will
be acceptable to FINRA, the SEC, any state securities regulatory entity or in accordance with ERISA or with any other regulatory
requirements. 

Further, the estimated
NAV per share is as of December 31, 2022 and is based on the estimated value of our assets as of December 31, 2022. We did not
make any adjustments to the valuation for the impact of other transactions or events occurring subsequent to December 31, 2022.
The value of our common stock will fluctuate over time in response to developments related to individual assets in our portfolio,
the management of those assets, and in response to the real estate and capital markets. As a result, the estimated NAV per share
as of December 31, 2022 should not be considered as an accurate or approximate value of a share of our common stock at this time,
or the amount that stockholders would receive in the event of our liquidation. 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Pursuant to our independent
directors compensation plan, on the date of each of the first four annual meetings of our stockholders at which an independent
director is re-elected to the board, he or she will receive 2,500 shares of restricted stock. The shares of restricted common stock
vest in four equal quarterly installments beginning on the first day of the first quarter following the date of grant; provided,
however, that the restricted stock will become fully vested on the earlier to occur of (1) the termination of the independent director s
service as a director due to death or disability, or (2) a change in control of our company. The shares of restricted stock issued
pursuant to our independent directors compensation plan were issued in transactions exempt from registration pursuant to Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. All shares of common stock issued pursuant to the independent directors compensation plan are Class
A Shares. For more information on our independent directors compensation plan, see Part III, Item 11, Executive Compensation Compensation
of our Directors. 

Use of Offering Proceeds from Registered
Securities 

On January 20, 2015,
our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-198305) registering our offering of up to 1.1 billion in shares of our common
stock was declared effective and we commenced our initial public offering. In our initial public offering we offered up to 1.0
billion in shares of any class of our common stock to the public in our primary offering and up to 100 million of shares of any
class of our common stock to our stockholders pursuant to the DRP. Our initial public offering terminated on July 19, 2018. 

On July 19, 2018, our
Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-222610) registering our follow-on public offering of up to 990 million in any
combination of the three classes of our common stock was declared effective and we commenced our follow-on public offering. In
our follow-on public offering we offered up 895 million in shares of any class of our common stock to the public and up to 95
million in shares of any class of our common stock to our stockholders pursuant to the DRP. Our follow-on public offering (including
pursuant to the DRP) was terminated effective as of March 25, 2020. 

We accepted investors 
subscriptions for and issued an aggregate of 10.2 million shares in our initial public offering and our follow-on public offering,
excluding shares issued in connection with the Mergers and including 567,000 shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting in aggregate
gross offering proceeds of 234.6 million. We accepted investors subscriptions for and issued 6.1 million shares in the
initial public offering, excluding shares issued in connection with the Mergers and including 215,000 shares pursuant to the DRP,
resulting in gross offering proceeds of 147.4 million for the initial public offering. We accepted investors subscriptions
for and issued 4.1 million shares in the follow-on public offering, including 352,000 shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting in
gross offering proceeds of 87.2 million for the follow-on offering. 

37 

We incurred selling
commissions, dealer manager fees and other organization and offering costs in our initial public offering in the amounts set forth
in the table below (in thousands). Our dealer manager reallowed all of the selling commissions and a portion of the dealer manager
fees to participating broker-dealers. 

Type of Expense 
 Amount 
 Estimated/Actual 
 
 Selling commissions, stockholder servicing fees and dealer manager fees 
 11,522 
 Actual 
 
 Finders fees 

Expenses paid to or for underwriters 

Other organization and offering costs 
 6,843 
 Actual 
 
 Total expenses 
 18,365 

As of December 31,
2022, we had incurred selling commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees and other organization and offering
costs in our follow-on public offering in the amounts set forth in the table below (in thousands). Effective January 16, 2018,
our advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees
paid in connection with our public offering. 

Type of Expense 
 Amount 
 Estimated/Actual 
 
 Selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees 
 
 Actual 
 
 Finders fees 

Expenses paid to or for underwriters 

Other organization and offering costs 
 2,720 
 Actual 
 
 Total expenses 
 2,720 

The net offering proceeds
to us from our initial public offering, after deducting the total expenses incurred as described above, were 129.1 million, excluding
 5.2 million in offering proceeds from shares of our common stock issued pursuant to the DRP. 

As of December 31,
2022, the net offering proceeds to us from our follow-on public offering, after deducting the total expenses incurred as described
above, were 84.5 million, excluding 8.2 million in offering proceeds from shares of our common stock issued pursuant to the DRP. 

We intend to use the
proceeds from possible future debt refinancing or sales of properties to acquire additional hotel properties located in the East
Coast, the West Coast and the Sunbelt regions of the United States. To a lesser extent, we may also invest in other hospitality
properties located within other markets and regions as well as real estate securities and debt-related investments related to the
hospitality sector. 

As of December 31,
2022, we used 166.4 million of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and follow-on public offering to acquire the
Residence Inn Austin, the Springhill Suites Seattle, the Moody I portfolio (pursuant to the Mergers), and the Residence Inn Houston
Medical Center, to reduce the debt on Springhill Suites Seattle, to originate notes, and to reduce our borrowings. As of December
31, 2022, we had paid a cumulative amount of 16.9 million of acquisition expenses, including 13.0 million related to the Mergers. 

Share Repurchase Program 

In response to the
COVID-19 pandemic, our board of directors indefinitely suspended our share repurchase program effective as of April 6, 2020. There
is no way to predict when, if at all, our board of directors will determine to resume the repurchase of shares of our common stock
pursuant to our share repurchase program. 

If our board of directors
elects to resume the repurchase of shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program, it may provide our stockholders
with a limited opportunity to have their shares of our common stock repurchased by us. If reinstated, our share repurchase program
will contain certain restrictions and limitations, including those relating to the number of shares of our common stock that we
can repurchase at any given time. In addition, our board of directors will reserve the right to amend, suspend or terminate our
share repurchase program at any time upon 10 days prior written notice to our stockholders. 

During the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. 

38 

Distribution Information 

We first paid distributions
on September 15, 2015. On March 24, 2020, our board unanimously approved the indefinite suspension of the payment of distributions
to our stockholders, effective immediately, and the operation of the DRP, effective as of April 6, 2020. Our board of directors,
in consultation with management, will continue to monitor our operations and intends to resume distributions at a time and level
determined to be prudent in relation to our other cash requirements or in order to maintain our REIT status for federal income
tax purposes. However, it is impossible to predict if or when we will be able to resume the payment of distributions. 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022, we had cash provided by operating activities of 7.8 million, and (3.1) million in funds from operations. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had cash used in operating activities of (22.9) million, and (12.2) million in funds from
operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not pay any distributions. 

ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Selected Financial Data and our accompanying consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Also see Forward Looking Statements preceding
Part I. As used herein, the terms we, our, us and our company refer to
Moody National REIT II, Inc. and, as required by context, Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership,
our operating partnership, and to their respective subsidiaries. References to Shares and our common stock 
refer to shares of any class of our common stock. 

Overview 

We are a Maryland corporation
formed on July 25, 2014 to invest in a portfolio of select-service hospitality properties with premier brands including, but not
limited to, Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt. We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code beginning with our
taxable year ended December 31, 2016. We own, and in the future intend to own, substantially all of our assets and conduct our
operations through our operating partnership. We are the sole general partner of our operating partnership, and the initial limited
partners of our operating partnership were our subsidiary, Moody Holdings II, and Moody LPOP II, an affiliate of our advisor (as
defined below). Moody Holdings II invested 1,000 in our operating partnership in exchange for limited partnership interests in
our operating partnership, and Moody LPOP II invested 1,000 in our operating partnership in exchange for special limited partnership
interests in our operating partnership. 

We are externally managed
by our advisor pursuant to an advisory agreement among us, our operating partnership and our advisor. Our sponsor is owned and
managed by Brett C. Moody, who also serves as our Chief Executive Officer and President and the Chief Executive Officer and President
of our advisor. 

On January 20, 2015,
we commenced our initial public offering of up to 1.1 billion in shares of common stock, consisting of up to 1.0 billion in shares
of our common stock offered to the public and up to 100 million in shares offered to our stockholders pursuant to the DRP. On
June 26, 2017, we reallocated the shares of our common stock being sold in our initial public offering as Class A common stock,
 0.01 par value per share, or the Class A Shares, Class I common stock, 0.01 par value per share, or the Class I Shares, and Class
T common stock, 0.01 par value per share, or the Class T Shares. On July 19, 2018, we commenced our follow-on public offering
of up to 990 million in any combination of the three classes of our shares, consisting of up to 895 million in shares of our
common stock offered to the public and up to 95 million in shares of our common stock offered to our stockholders pursuant to
the DRP. 

Our follow-on public
offering was terminated (including pursuant to the DRP) effective as of March 25, 2020. We accepted investors subscriptions
for and issued an aggregate of 10.2 million shares in our initial public offering and our follow-on public offering, excluding
shares issued in connection with the Mergers and including 567,000 shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting in aggregate gross offering
proceeds of 234.6 million. We accepted investors subscriptions for and issued 4.1 million shares in the follow-on public
offering, including 352,000 shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting in gross offering proceeds of 87.2 million for the follow-on
offering. 

Effective January 16,
2018, our advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing
fees paid in connection with our public offering; provided, however, that our advisor intends to recoup the selling commissions,
dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees that it funded through receipt of an increased acquisition fee (as discussed
in Note 6, Related Party Agreements-Acquisition Fees, in the accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

Moody Securities, LLC,
an affiliate of our advisor, served as our dealer manager for our public offerings and was responsible for the distribution of
our common stock in our public offerings. 

As of December 31,
2022, our portfolio consisted of ownership interests in fifteen hotel properties located in six states, comprising a total of 2,123
rooms. Our principle executive offices are located at 9655 Katy Freeway, Suite 600, Houston, Texas 77024, and our main telephone
number is (713) 977-7500. 

39 

COVID-19 Pandemic 

The global COVID-19
pandemic had, and my in the future continue to have, a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

COVID-19 dramatically
reduced travel, which had an unprecedented adverse impact on the hotel industry. As a result, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant
adverse effect on the operating results of our hotel properties, which depend primarily upon revenues driven by business and leisure
travel, and on our business, financial performance and operating results. Since March 2020, we experienced a significant decline
in bookings, occupancy and revenues across our hotel properties. Our hotel properties have operated at a property net operating
loss since the outbreak of COVID-19, which had an adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flow from operations. In
addition, we reduced certain services and amenities at our hotel properties 

Each of our hotel properties
is subject to a mortgage loan secured by our ownership interest in the property. If we are unable to service the mortgage loan
secured by a hotel property due to decreased revenues generated by such property, the lender with respect to such mortgage loan
may initiate foreclosure procedures with respect to the property or initiate other available remedies. As of the date of this Annual
Report, we are current with respect to the payments due under the mortgage loans secured by our hotel properties or are in compliance
with the modified terms of certain mortgage loans and other accommodations as agreed to with the lenders. As discussed in Note
4, Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report, during 2021 certain lenders agreed
to limited loan modifications, including temporary deferrals of interest and principal payments and agreements to forbear the enforcement
of default remedies available under the terms of the loan documents. As of the date of the Annual Report, no lenders have accelerated
the maturity of any of the loans secured by our properties or initiated foreclosure procedures with respect to any of our properties.
However, there can be no guarantee that the lenders will continue to agree to further loan modifications or accommodations and
will not elect to exercise the remedies available to them under the loan documents, including acceleration or foreclosure actions.
The exercise of any such remedies by a lender will have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations
and will impair our ability to resume the payment of distributions to our stockholders. 

In response to the
COVID-19 pandemic, we terminated our public offering of common stock (including pursuant to the DRP) effective as of March 2020.
We are not currently raising capital through the sale of our securities and we do not intend to begin to do so in the near term.
We have also indefinitely suspended the payment of distributions to our stockholders effective as of March 2020 and the operation
of our share repurchase program effective as of April 2020. Our board of directors and our management continue to evaluate our
financial condition and the overall economic environment to determine if and when we will seek to resume raising capital, resume
the payment of distributions and reinstate our share repurchase program. Specifically, our board of directors, in consultation
with management, will continue to monitor our operations and intends to resume distributions at a time and level determined to
be prudent in relation to our other cash requirements or in order to maintain our REIT status for federal income tax purposes.
However, it is impossible to predict if or when we will be able to take any or all of such actions. 

Merger with Moody
National REIT I, Inc. 

On September 27, 2017,
the merger of Moody I with and into our company and the merger of Moody I OP with and into our operating partnership, were completed.
For additional discussion of the Mergers, see Part I., Item 1. Business Merger with Moody National REIT I, Inc. 

Review of Investment Policies 

Our board, including
our independent directors, has reviewed our investment policies as described in this Annual Report and determined that such policies
are in the best interests of our stockholders based on the following factors: (1) such policies increase the likelihood that we
will be able to acquire a diversified portfolio of income producing properties, thereby reducing risk in our portfolio; (2) our
executive officers and directors and the affiliates of our advisor have expertise with the type of real estate investments we seek;
(3) there are sufficient property acquisition opportunities with the attributes that we seek; and (4) borrowings should enable
us to purchase assets and earn income more quickly, thereby increasing the likelihood of generating income for our stockholders
and preserving stockholder capital. 

Results of Operations 

We were formed on July
25, 2014. As of both December 31, 2022, and 2021, we owned interests in fifteen hotel properties located in six states, comprising
a total of 2,123 rooms. 

Beginning in March
2020, COVID-19 caused widespread cancellations of both business and leisure travel throughout the United States, resulting in significant
decreases in bookings, occupancy and revenues throughout our hotel portfolio and the hospitality industry as a whole. Due to the
COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, the revenue and operating results declined for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared
to the year ended December 31, 2019. We expect a recovery in revenues as state and local governments and businesses have removed
restrictions on travel and public gatherings and consumer sentiment towards travel has improved. 

40 

Revenue 

Hotel revenue increased
to 77.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 56.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to increased
hotel occupancies primarily resulting from an increase in travel. Interest and dividend income decreased to 0 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 from 1,000 for year ended December 31, 2021 due to sales of marketable securities during first quarter of 2021. 

The table below sets
forth a comparison of hotel revenues for the hotels we owned continuously for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (all amounts
in thousands). 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Increase 
 
 Residence Inn Austin 
 4,939 
 3,975 
 964 
 
 Springhill Suites Seattle 
 9,308 
 5,433 
 3,875 
 
 Homewood Suites Woodlands 
 2,635 
 2,346 
 289 
 
 Hyatt Place Germantown 
 3,769 
 3,090 
 679 
 
 Hyatt Place North Charleston 
 3,060 
 2,239 
 821 
 
 Hampton Inn Austin 
 3,940 
 2,641 
 1,299 
 
 Residence Inn Grapevine 
 6,035 
 4,926 
 1,109 
 
 Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst 
 7,057 
 4,240 
 2,817 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn Austin 
 4,868 
 3,460 
 1,408 
 
 Hampton Inn Great Valley 
 3,041 
 2,049 
 992 
 
 Embassy Suites Nashville 
 12,622 
 7,491 
 5,131 
 
 Homewood Suites Austin 
 4,495 
 3,549 
 946 
 
 Townplace Suites Fort Worth 
 2,583 
 2,314 
 269 
 
 Hampton Inn Houston 
 1,913 
 1,685 
 228 
 
 Residence Inn Houston Medical Center 
 7,109 
 7,179 
 (70 

77,374 
 56,617 
 20,757 

Revenues for all hotel
properties except the Residence Inn Houston Medical Center increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year
ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increased hotel occupancies resulting from an increase in travel. 

Hotel Operating
Expenses 

Hotel operating expenses
increased to 52.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 41.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase
was primarily due to increased hotel occupancies resulting from an increase in travel. 

Property Taxes,
Insurance and Other Expenses 

Property taxes, insurance
and other expenses increased to 6.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6.1 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase in property taxes, insurance and other expenses was primarily due to reductions in certain state and local
property taxes resulting from increased property valuations related to improved operating performance for the calendar year 2021
compared to calendar year 2020. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation and amortization
increased to 15.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 15.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Corporate General
and Administrative Expenses 

Corporate general and
administrative expenses increased to 6.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. These general and administrative expenses consisted primarily of asset management fees, professional fees, restricted
stock compensation and directors fees. 

41 

Interest Expense
and Amortization of Debt issuance costs 

Interest expense and
amortization of debt issuance costs decreased to 14.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 15.2 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs was primarily due to a decrease
in fees relating to modifications of loans for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. In
future periods our interest expense will vary based on the amount of our borrowings, which will depend on the availability and
cost of borrowings and our ability to identify and acquire real estate and real estate-related assets that meet our investment
objectives. 

Gain on Sale
of Marketable Securities 

Gain on sale of marketable
securities was 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a gain of 152,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Income Tax Expense
(Benefit) 

Our income tax expense
was 146,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an income tax benefit of 17,000 for the year ended December 31,
2021. This increase was due to an increase in state taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our principal demand
for funds is for the acquisition of real estate assets, the payment of operating expenses, principal and interest payments on our
outstanding indebtedness and, to the extent we elect to resume the payment of distributions, the payment of distributions to our
stockholders. To the extent that our operating results continue to be adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
an economic downturn or potential recession, our liquidity and capital resources will be adversely impacted. 

Our principal short-term
source of liquidity is the operating cash flows generated from our hotel properties. Historically, proceeds from our public offering
supplied a significant portion of our available cash. However, our public offering has been terminated and we cannot predict if
or when we will be able to resume raising capital pursuant to the sale of our securities. If we are able to resume raising capital
pursuant to an offering of our securities, there may be a delay between the sale of our securities and our purchase of assets,
which could result in a delay in the benefits to our stockholders, if any, of returns generated from our investment operations.
In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we took measures to preserve capital and increase liquidity, including suspending our monthly distribution
and postponing non-essential capital improvements. In addition, as a result of the effects of COVID-19 on the economic environment,
the lenders for certain of the mortgage loans secured by our properties granted us temporary deferrals of principal and interest
payments. We anticipate funding our near-term cash needs with improving operating cash flows generated from our properties. 

We may, but are not
required to, establish working capital reserves out of cash flow generated by our real estate assets or out of proceeds from the
sale of our real estate assets. We do not anticipate establishing a general working capital reserve; however, we may establish
working capital reserves with respect to particular investments. We also may, but are not required to, establish reserves out of
cash flow generated by our real estate assets or out of net sale proceeds in non-liquidating sale transactions. Working capital
reserves are typically used to fund tenant improvements, leasing commissions and major capital expenditures. We also escrow funds
for property improvements. Our lenders also may require working capital reserves. Financing agreements that we enter into may also
contain various customary covenants, including but not limited to financial covenants, covenants requiring monthly deposits in
respect of certain property costs, covenants imposing restrictions on indebtedness and liens, and restrictions on investments and
participation in other asset disposition, merger or business combination or dissolution transactions. 

Although there can
be no assurances, we anticipate that available cash will be adequate to meet our near-term potential operating cash flow deficits,
debt service and capital expenditures. If we are unable to satisfy our near-term anticipated cash requirements as currently planned,
we may raise capital through the disposition of assets, the sale of our equity or debt securities or short-term borrowing, all
of which may be more costly to us in the current economic environment. 

Net Cash Provided
by (Used in) Operating Activities 

As of both December
31, 2022 and 2021, we owned interests in fifteen hotel properties. Net cash provided by operating activities was 7.8 million for
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash used in operating activities of (22.9) million for the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase in cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the fact
that amounts due to related parties increased by 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a decrease in amounts
due to related parties of 7.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Also, such increase in cash provided by operating
activities was due to a decrease in net loss from 27.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 18.7 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

42 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing
Activities 

For the year December
31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was (2.1) million compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 1.6
million for the year December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022
was due to an increase in improvements and additions to hotel properties offset by a decrease in proceeds from the sale of marketable
securities for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net Cash (Used
in) Provided by Financing Activities 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022, our cash flows from financing activities consisted primarily of proceeds of notes payable to related parties
and repayment of notes payable. Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021
was (3.7) million and 30.0 million, respectively. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December
31, 2022, was primarily due to the fact that the increase in proceeds of notes payable from related parties decreased from 35.0
million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cash and Cash
Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

As of December 31,
2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 21.2 million. 

Debt 

We use, and intend
to use in the future, secured and unsecured debt as a means of providing additional funds for the acquisition of real property,
and potentially for the acquisition of real estate-related securities. By operating on a leveraged basis, we expect that we will
have more funds available for investments and will be able to make more investments than would otherwise be possible, which will
potentially result in enhanced investment returns and a more diversified portfolio. However, our use of leverage increases the
risk of default on loan payments and the resulting foreclosure on a particular asset. In addition, lenders may have recourse to
assets other than those specifically securing the repayment of the indebtedness. When debt financing is unattractive due to high
interest rates or other reasons, or when financing is otherwise unavailable on a timely basis, we may purchase certain assets for
cash with the intention of obtaining debt financing at a later time. 

Each of our hotel properties
is subject to a mortgage loan secured by our ownership interest in the property. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a significant
decline in the revenues generated by our hotel properties and increased the risk that we will be unable to satisfy our debt service
obligations. If we are unable to service the mortgage loan secured by a hotel property, the lender may initiate foreclosure procedures
with respect to the property or initiate other available remedies. As of December 31, 2022, we were current with respect to the
payments due under the mortgage loans secured by our hotel properties or are in compliance with the modified terms of certain mortgage
loans as agreed to with the lenders and other accommodations. As discussed in Note 4, Debt, to the consolidated financial
statements included in this Annual Report, certain lenders agreed to limited loan modifications, including temporary deferrals
of interest and principal payments. As of the date of this Annual Report, no lenders have accelerated the maturity of any of the
loans secured by our properties or initiated foreclosure procedures with respect to any of our properties. However, there can be
no guarantee that the lenders will continue to agree to further loan modifications or accommodations and will not elect to exercise
the remedies available to them under the loan documents, including acceleration or foreclosure actions. The exercise of any such
remedies by a lender will have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and will impair our ability
to resume the payment of distributions to our stockholders. Several of the mortgage loans secured by our hotel properties mature
during 2023. 

The U.S. Federal Reserve
raised interest rates repeatedly during 2022 and may further increase interest rates in 2023. Any change in the fiscal policies
or stated target interest rates of the U.S. Federal Reserve or other central banking institutions, or market expectations of such
change, are difficult to predict and may result in significantly higher long-term interest rates. Such a transition may be abrupt
and may, among other things, reduce the availability or increase the costs of obtaining new debt and refinancing existing indebtedness.
In the event that the interest rate on any of our outstanding mortgage loans or other indebtedness increases significantly, we
may not have sufficient funds to pay the required interest payments. 

Notes Payable to
Related Party 

On March 30, 2021,
Moody National Capital, LLC Moody Capital ), an affiliate of our sponsor, loaned us 8 million pursuant to a promissory
note (the Related Party Note ). The Related Party Note provides that we may borrow up to an additional 2.0 million
from Moody Capital, for a maximum aggregate loan amount of 10 million. All amounts borrowed under the Related Party Note plus
all accrued interest thereon will be due and payable in full on March 29, 2024, provided that we may extend such maturity date
for up to two years at our discretion. Interest on the Related Party Note began to accrue effective March 30, 2021. The principal
amount of the loan under the Related Party Note will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Secured Overnight Financing
Rate SOFR plus 4.75 ; provided, however, that such interest rate will be increased to a rate per annum equal to
SOFR plus 6.75 if the Related Party Note is subordinated to another lender. The effective interest rate for the Related Party
Note was 8.93 as of December 31, 2022. The balance of Related Party Note was 10.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

43 

From April 2021 to
August 16, 2021, Moody Capital made a series of advances to us to meet our specific cash flow needs. Effective June 30, 2021, these
advances were memorialized in a promissory note (the Second Related Party Note with a total maximum aggregate loan
amount of 10 million. All amounts borrowed under the Second Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon will be due and
payable in full on June 30, 2024, provided that we may extend such maturity date for up to two years at our discretion. Interest
on the Second Related Party Note began to accrue effective June 30, 2021. The principal amount of the loan under the Second Related
Party Note will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus 6.75 ; provided, however, that such interest rate will be
increased to a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus 8.75 if the Second Related Party Note is subordinated to another lender. The
effective interest rate for the Second Related Party Note was 10.93 as of December 31, 2022. The balance of Second Related Party
Note was 10.0 million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

From August 20, 2021,
to December 31, 2021, Moody Capital made a series of advances to us to meet our specific cash flow needs. These advances were memorialized
in a promissory note (the Third Related Party Note with a total maximum aggregate loan amount of 10 million. All
amounts borrowed under the Third Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon will be due and payable in full on August
20, 2024, provided that we may extend such maturity date for up to two years at our discretion. Interest on the Third Related Party
Note began to accrue effective August 20, 2021. The principal amount of the loan under the Third Related Party Note will bear interest
at a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus 7.75 ; provided, however, that such interest rate will be increased to a rate per annum
equal to SOFR plus 9.75 if the Third Related Party Note is subordinated to another lender. The effective interest rate for the
Third Related Party Note was 11.93 as of December 31, 2022. The balance of Third Related Party Note was 10.0 million and 8.5
million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

From April 13, 2022,
to June 30, 2022, Moody Capital made a series of advances to us to meet our specific cash flow needs and has received repayments
from us based on our specific available cash flow. These advances were memorialized in a promissory note (the Fourth Related
Party Note with a total maximum aggregate loan amount of 10.0 million. All amounts borrowed under the Fourth Related Party
Note plus all accrued interest thereon will be due and payable in full on April 13, 2025, provided that we may extend such maturity
date for up to two years at our discretion. Interest on the Fourth Related Party Note began to accrue effective April 13, 2022.
The principal amount of the loan under the Fourth Related Party Note will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR
plus 8.75 ; provided, however, that such interest rate will be increased to a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR plus 9.75 
if the Fourth Related Party Note is subordinated to another lender. The effective interest rate for the Fourth Related Party Note
was 12.93 as of December 31, 2022. The balance of the Fourth Related Party Note was 110,500 as of December 31, 2022. 

Interest will be paid
for the Related Party Note, the Second Related Party Note, the Third Related Party Note, and the Fourth Related Party Note as permitted
by our available cash flow, or from the excess proceeds following a sale of a property after the payment of expenses and amounts
due to any senior lender, if applicable, and will be compounded semiannually. We expect to enter into a mutually agreeable subordination
agreement with any such senior lender. We may prepay the amounts due under the Related Party Note, the Second Related Party Note,
the Third Related Party Note, and the Fourth Related Party Note without any prepayment penalty. 

Economic Injury Disaster Loans 

We have obtained fifteen
loans of 500,000 each from the U.S. Small Business Administration. The U.S. Small Business Administration loans will be due in
monthly installments of principal and interest beginning two years from the dates of the loans with balances due 30 years from
the dates of the loans. The monthly installments are applied to accrued interest first, then to principal. The U.S. Small Business
Administration loans bear interest at the rate of 3.75 per annum and are secured by our tangible and intangible personal property.
The aggregate balance of the U.S. Small Business Administration loans was 7.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Aggregate Indebtedness 

As of December 31,
2022, our outstanding indebtedness totaled 266.4 million, which amount includes (i) the mortgage loans secured by each of our
hotel properties (including debt associated with properties acquired in the Mergers) and loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration
of 236.3 million, and (ii) the Related Party Note, the Second Related Party Note, the Third Related Party Note, and the Fourth
Related Party Note of 30.1 million. Our aggregate borrowings are reviewed by our board of directors at least quarterly. Under
our charter, we are prohibited from borrowing in excess of 300 of the value of our net assets. Net assets for
purposes of this calculation is defined to be our total assets (other than intangibles), valued at cost prior to deducting depreciation,
reserves for bad debts and other non-cash reserves, less total liabilities. The preceding calculation is generally expected to
approximate 75 of the aggregate cost of our assets before non-cash reserves and depreciation. However, we may temporarily borrow
in excess of 300 of the value of our assets if such excess is approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed
to our stockholders in our next quarterly report, along with an explanation for such excess. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
our debt levels did not exceed 300 of the value of our net assets. 

44 

For more information
on our outstanding indebtedness, see Note 4, Debt to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual
Report. 

Contractual Commitments and Contingencies 

The following is a
summary of our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Payments Due By Period 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 2023 
 2024-2025 
 2026-2027 
 Thereafter 
 
 Long-term debt obligations (1) 
 236,320 
 21,681 
 168,030 
 39,288 
 7,321 
 
 Interest payments on outstanding debt obligations (2) 
 29,609 
 10,356 
 13,047 
 2,167 
 4,039 
 
 Total 
 265,929 
 32,037 
 181,077 
 41,455 
 11,360 

(1) Amounts include principal payments only. 

(2) Projected interest payments are based on the outstanding principal amounts and weighted-average interest rates at December
31, 2022. 

Organization and Offering Costs 

Our organization and
offering expenses may be incurred directly by us or may be incurred by our advisor on our behalf. Pursuant to the advisory agreement,
we will reimburse our advisor for organizational and offering expenses associated with our public offerings incurred by our advisor
on our behalf, provided that within 60 days of the last day of the month in which any public offering ends, our advisor is obligated
to reimburse us to the extent that organization and offering costs we have incurred in connection with such public offering exceed
15 of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock in such offering. As of January 16, 2018, our advisor
assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid in connection
with our public offering. We will not reimburse our advisor for the selling commissions and fees it paid on our behalf, however
our advisor intends to recoup all or a portion of such amounts over time through receipt of the contingent advisor payment, as
discussed in Note 6, Related Party Arrangements to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
Annual Report. 

As of December 31,
2022, total organization and offering expenses for our initial public offering and follow-on offering were 21.1 million, comprised
of 12.3 million of expenses incurred directly by us and 8.8 million in expenses incurred by and reimbursable to our advisor (excluding
the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid on our behalf by our advisor effective as of January
16, 2018). Total organization and offering expenses for the initial public offering were 18.4 million, comprised of 12.3 million
of expenses incurred directly by us and 6.1 million in expenses incurred by and reimbursable to our advisor (excluding the selling
commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid on our behalf by our advisor). As of December 31, 2022, total
organization and offering expenses for the follow-on offering were 2.7 million, comprised of 0 of expenses incurred directly
by us and 2.7 million in expenses incurred by and reimbursable to our advisor (excluding the selling commissions, dealer manager
fees and stockholder servicing fees paid on our behalf by our advisor). As of December 31, 2022, we had 0 due to our advisor for
reimbursable offering costs. 

All offering costs,
including selling commissions and dealer manager fees, are recorded as an offset to additional paid-in-capital, and all organization
costs are recorded as an expense when we have an obligation to reimburse our advisor. 

Operating Expenses 

We will reimburse our
advisor for all expenses paid or incurred by our advisor in connection with the services it provides to us, subject to the limitation
that we will not reimburse our advisor for any amount by which our operating expenses (including the asset management fee we pay
to our advisor) at the end of the four preceding fiscal quarters exceeds the greater of: (1) 2 of our average invested assets,
or (2) 25 of our net income determined without reduction for any additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debts or other similar
non-cash reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of our assets for that period, which we refer to as the 2 /25 Limitation. 
Notwithstanding the above, we may reimburse our advisor for expenses in excess of the 2 /25 Limitation if a majority of our independent
directors determine that such excess expenses are justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. For the four fiscal quarters
ended December 31, 2022, our total operating expenses were 7.0 million, which included 5.2 million in operating expenses incurred
directly by us and 1.8 million in operating expenses incurred by our advisor on our behalf. Of the 7.0 million in total operating
expenses incurred during the four fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2022, 0 exceeded the 2 /25 Limitation. We reimbursed our
advisor 1.8 million in operating expenses during the four fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we
had 252,000 due to our advisor for operating expense reimbursement. 

45 

Critical Accounting Policies 

General 

We consider the accounting
policies described below to be critical because they involve significant judgments and assumptions, require estimates about matters
that are inherently uncertain and because they are important for understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These
judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If management s
judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions is different, it is possible that different
accounting policies will be applied or different amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses will be recorded, resulting
in a different presentation of the consolidated financial statements or different amounts reported in the consolidated financial
statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations
to those of companies in similar businesses. 

Income Taxes 

We elected to be taxed
as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2016.
We did not meet all of the qualifications to be a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for the year ended December 31, 2015 and
for the period from July 25, 2014 (inception) to December 31, 2014, including not having the requisite number of shareholders for
a sufficient number of days in those periods. Prior to qualifying to be taxed as a REIT we were subject to normal federal and state
corporation income taxes. 

Provided that we continue
to qualify as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent we distribute our REIT taxable
income to our stockholders, so long as we distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which is computed without regard
to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance
with GAAP) and satisfy the other organizational and operational requirements for REIT qualification. Even if we qualify for taxation
as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on
our undistributed income. 

We lease the hotels
that we acquire to a wholly owned TRS that is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. 

We account for income
taxes of our TRS using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. We record a valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not expected to be realized. 

We have reviewed tax
positions under GAAP guidance that clarify the relevant criteria and approach for the recognition and measurement of uncertain
tax positions. The guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition
of a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return. A tax position may only be recognized in the consolidated financial
statements if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination. We had no material uncertain
tax positions as of December 31, 2022. 

The preparation of
our various tax returns requires the use of estimates for federal and state income tax purposes. These estimates may be subjected
to review by the respective taxing authorities. A revision to an estimate may result in an assessment of additional taxes, penalties
and interest. At this time, a range in which our estimates may change is not expected to be material. We will account for interest
and penalties relating to uncertain tax provisions in the current period s results of operations, if necessary. We have tax
years 2018 through 2022 remaining subject to examination by various federal and state tax jurisdictions. 

Valuation and
Allocation of Hotel Properties Acquisitions 

Upon acquisition, the
purchase price of hotel properties are allocated to the tangible assets acquired, consisting of land, buildings and furniture,
fixtures and equipment, any assumed debt, identified intangible assets and asset retirement obligations, if any, based on their
fair values. Acquisition costs are charged to expense as incurred. Initial valuations are subject to change during the measurement
period, but the measurement period ends as soon as the information is available. The measurement period shall not exceed one year
from the acquisition date. 

46 

Land fair values are
derived from appraisals, and building fair values are calculated as replacement cost less depreciation or our estimates of the
relative fair value of these assets using discounted cash flow analyses or similar methods. The fair value of furniture, fixtures
and equipment is based on their fair value using replacement costs less depreciation. 

We determine the fair
value of any assumed debt by calculating the net present value of the scheduled mortgage payments using interest rates for debt
with similar terms and remaining maturities that we believe we could obtain at the date of acquisition. Any difference between
the fair value and stated value of the assumed debt is recorded as a discount or premium and amortized over the remaining life
of the loan as interest expense. 

In allocating the purchase
price of each of our properties, we make assumptions and use various estimates, including, but not limited to, the estimated useful
lives of the assets, the cost of replacing certain assets and discount rates used to determine present values. Many of these estimates
are obtained from independent third party appraisals. However, we are responsible for the source and use of these estimates. These
estimates are based on judgment and subject to being imprecise; accordingly, if different estimates and assumptions were derived,
the valuation of the various categories of our hotel properties or related intangibles could, in turn, result in a difference in
the depreciation or amortization expense recorded in our consolidated financial statements. These variances could be material to
our results of operations and financial condition. 

Valuation and
Allocation of Hotel Properties Ownership 

Depreciation expense
is computed using the straight-line method based upon the following estimated useful lives: 

Estimated 
 Useful Lives 
 (years) 

Buildings and improvements 

39-40 

Exterior improvements 

10-20 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

5-10 

Impairment 

We monitor events and
changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amounts of our hotel properties may not be recoverable. When such events
or changes in circumstances are present, we assess potential impairment by comparing estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected
to be generated over the life of the asset from operating activities and from its eventual disposition, to the carrying amount
of the asset. In the event that the carrying amount exceeds the estimated future undiscounted cash flows, we recognize an impairment
loss to adjust the carrying amount of the asset to estimated fair value for assets held for use and fair value less costs to sell
for assets held for sale. There were no such impairment losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In evaluating our hotel
properties for impairment, we make several estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the projected date of disposition
of the properties, the estimated future cash flows of the properties during our ownership and the projected sales price of each
of the properties. A change in these estimates and assumptions could result in a change in the estimated undiscounted cash flows
or fair value of our hotel properties which could then result in different conclusions regarding impairment and material changes
to our consolidated financial statements. 

Inflation 

As of December 31,
2022, our investments consisted of ownership interests in fifteen hotel properties. Operators of hotels, in general, possess the
ability to adjust room rates daily to reflect the effects of inflation. Competitive pressures may, however, limit the operators 
ability to raise room rates. As of December 31, 2022, we were not experiencing any material impact from inflation. 

REIT Compliance 

We elected to be taxed
as a REIT commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2016. To qualify as a REIT for tax purposes, we are required to distribute
at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (determined for this purpose without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding
net capital gain) to our stockholders. We must also meet certain asset and income tests, as well as other requirements. We will
monitor the business and transactions that may potentially impact our REIT status. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable
year following the taxable year in which we initially elect to be taxed as a REIT, we will be subject to federal income tax (including
any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and generally will not be permitted to
qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for the four taxable years following the year during which our
REIT qualification is lost unless the Internal Revenue Service grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event
could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to our stockholders. We did not meet all
of the qualifications to be a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the period from July 25, 2014
(inception) to December 31, 2014. 

47 

Distributions 

We first paid distributions
on September 15, 2015. On March 24, 2020, our board unanimously approved the indefinite suspension of the payment of distributions
to our stockholders, effective immediately, and the operation of the DRP, effective as of April 6, 2020. Our board of directors,
in consultation with management, will continue to monitor our operations and intends to resume distributions at a time and level
determined to be prudent in relation to our other cash requirements or in order to maintain our REIT status for federal income
tax purposes. However, it is impossible to predict if or when we will be able to resume the payment of distributions. 

We did not make any
distributions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had cash provided by
operating activities of 7.8 million, and (3.1) million in funds from operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had cash
used in operating activities of (22.9) million, and (12.2) million in funds from operations. Of the 54.5 million in total
distributions we have paid during the period from our inception through December 31, 2022, including shares issued pursuant to the
DRP, 0 was funded from cash flow from operations and 100 was funded from offering proceeds. 

Funds from Operations and Modified Funds
from Operations 

One of our objectives
is to provide cash distributions to our stockholders from cash generated by our operations. Cash generated from operations is not
equivalent to net income as determined under GAAP. Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, the
National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, an industry trade group, has promulgated a standard known as
Funds from Operations, or FFO, which it believes more accurately reflects the operating performance of a REIT. As defined by NAREIT,
FFO means net income computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus depreciation and
amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in which the REIT holds an interest. We
have adopted the NAREIT definition for computing FFO because, in our view, FFO is a meaningful supplemental performance measure
in conjunction with net income. 

Changes in the accounting
and reporting rules under GAAP that have been put into effect since the establishment of NAREIT s definition of FFO have
prompted a significant increase in the magnitude of non-cash and non-operating items included in FFO, as defined. As a result,
in addition to FFO, we also calculate modified funds from operations, or MFFO, a non-GAAP supplemental financial performance measure
that our management uses in evaluating our operating performance. Similar to FFO, MFFO excludes items such as depreciation and
amortization. However, MFFO excludes non-cash and non-operating items included in FFO, such as amortization of certain in-place
lease intangible assets and liabilities and the amortization of certain tenant incentives. Our calculation of MFFO will exclude
these items, as well as the effects of straight-line rent revenue recognition, fair value adjustments to derivative instruments
that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, non-cash impairment charges and certain other items, when applicable. Our calculation
of MFFO will also include, when applicable, items such as master lease rental receipts, which are excluded from net income (loss)
and FFO, but which we consider in the evaluation of the operating performance of our real estate investments. 

We believe that MFFO
reflects the overall impact on the performance of our real estate investments of occupancy rates, rental rates, property operating
costs and development activities, as well as general and administrative expenses and interest costs, which is not immediately apparent
from net income (loss). As such, we believe MFFO, in addition to net income (loss) as defined by GAAP, is a meaningful supplemental
performance measure which is used by our management to evaluate our operating performance and determine our operating, financing
and dividend policies. 

Please see the limitations
listed below associated with the use of MFFO as compared to net income (loss): 

Our calculation of MFFO will exclude any gains (losses) related to changes in estimated values
of derivative instruments related to any interest rate swaps which we hold. Although we expect to hold these instruments to maturity,
if we were to settle these instruments prior to maturity, it would have an impact on our operations. We do not currently hold any
such derivate instruments and thus our calculation of MFFO set forth in the table below does not reflect any such exclusion. 

Our calculation of MFFO will exclude any impairment charges related to long-lived assets that have
been written down to current market valuations. Although these losses will be included in the calculation of net income (loss),
we will exclude them from MFFO because we believe doing so will more appropriately present the operating performance of our real
estate investments on a comparative basis. We have not recognized any such impairment charges and thus our calculation of MFFO
set forth in the table below does not reflect any such exclusion. 

Our calculation of MFFO will exclude organizational and offering expenses and acquisition expenses.
Although organizational and acquisition expenses reduce net income, we fund such costs with proceeds from our offering and acquisition-related
indebtedness, and do not consider these expenses in the evaluation of our operating performance and determining MFFO. Offering
expenses do not affect net income. Our calculation of MFFO set forth in the table below reflects the exclusion of acquisition expenses. 

48 

We believe MFFO is
useful to investors in evaluating how our portfolio might perform after our offering and acquisition stage has been completed and,
as a result, may provide an indication of the sustainability of our distributions in the future. However, as described in greater
detail below, MFFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or as an indication of our liquidity. Many of
the adjustments to MFFO are similar to adjustments required by SEC rules for the presentation of pro forma business combination
disclosures, particularly acquisition expenses, gains or losses recognized in business combinations and other activity not representative
of future activities. MFFO is also more comparable in evaluating our performance over time and as compared to other real estate
companies, which may not be as involved in acquisition activities or as affected by impairments and other non-operating charges. 

MFFO is useful in assisting
management and investors in assessing the sustainability of operating performance in future operating periods, and in particular,
after the offering and acquisition stages are complete and net asset value is disclosed. However, MFFO is not a useful measure
in evaluating net asset value because impairments are taken into account in determining net asset value but not in determining
MFFO. Investors are cautioned that, due to the fact that impairments are based on estimated future undiscounted cash flows and,
given the relatively limited term of our operations, it could be difficult to recover any impairment charges. 

The calculation of
FFO and MFFO may vary from entity to entity because capitalization and expense policies tend to vary from entity to entity. Consequently,
our presentation of FFO and MFFO may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures presented by other REITs. In addition,
FFO and MFFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or to cash flows from operating activities and are
not intended to be used as a liquidity measure indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs. In particular, as we are
currently in the acquisition phase of our life cycle, acquisition costs and other adjustments which are increases to MFFO are,
and may continue to be, a significant use of cash. MFFO also excludes impairment charges, rental revenue adjustments and unrealized
gains and losses related to certain other fair value adjustments. Accordingly, both FFO and MFFO should be reviewed in connection
with other GAAP measurements . 

The table below summarizes
our calculation of FFO and MFFO for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and a reconciliation of such non-GAAP financial
performance measures to our net loss (in thousands). 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net Loss 
 (18,713 
 (27,930 
 
 Adjustments: 

Depreciation of real estate 
 15,629 
 15,482 
 
 Loss on sale of marketable securities 
 
 245 
 
 Funds from Operations 
 (3,084 
 (12,203 
 
 Adjustments: 

Unrealized gain on change in fair value of investment in marketable securities 
 
 (397 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 677 
 677 
 
 Modified Funds from Operations 
 (2,407 
 (11,923 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on
our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
or capital resources. 

Related-Party Transactions and Agreements 

We have entered into
agreements with our advisor and its affiliates whereby we have paid, and may continue to pay, certain fees to, or reimburse certain
expenses of, our advisor or its affiliates in connection with services our advisor and its affiliates provide us. See Note 6, Related
Party Arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report and Part III, Item 13, Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence, for a discussion of our related-party transactions, agreements
and fees. 

49 

Subsequent Events 

Tender Offer 

In March 2023, an unaffiliated
third party that currently owns 2.7 of our outstanding shares of common stock made an unsolicited tender offer to all of our stockholders
to purchase up to an additional 1.9 of our common stock. 

ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Market Risk 

Market risk is the
adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. We may be exposed to interest
rate changes primarily as a result of long-term debt used to maintain liquidity, fund capital expenditures and expand our real
estate investment portfolio and operations. Market fluctuations in real estate financing may affect the availability and cost of
funds needed to expand our investment portfolio. In addition, restrictions upon the availability of real estate financing or high
interest rates for real estate loans could adversely affect our ability to dispose of real estate in the future. We will seek to
limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. We may use derivative
financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. The market risk associated
with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk
that may be undertaken. 

With regard to variable
rate financing, our advisor will assess our interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest
rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. Our advisor maintains
risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both our outstanding and forecasted debt
obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. While this hedging strategy will be designed to minimize the impact
on our net income and funds from operations from changes in interest rates, the overall returns on your investment may be reduced. 

As of December 31,
2022, our indebtedness, as described below, was comprised of notes secured by our hotel properties. All such notes, except the
variable rate loan for Hampton Inn Houston, accrue interest at a fixed rate and, therefore, an increase or decrease in interest
rates would have no effect on our interest expense with respect to such notes. Interest rate changes will affect the fair value
of any fixed rate instruments that we hold. As we expect to hold our fixed rate instruments to maturity and the amounts due under
such instruments would be limited to the outstanding principal balance and any accrued and unpaid interest, we do not expect that
fluctuations in interest rates, and the resulting change in fair value of our fixed rate instruments, would have a significant
impact on our operations. 

50 

As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, our mortgage notes payable secured by the respective assets, consisted of the following amounts in thousands): 

Loan 
 
 Principal 
 as of 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Principal 
 as of 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Interest 
 Rate at 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Loan Modifications 
 
 Residence Inn Austin 

15,465 

15,757 

4.580 

November 1, 2025 
 
 Lender forbore the collection 75 of default interest of 1.1 million when borrower brought all loan and escrow payments current and reimbursed lender expenses and paid 25 of default interest in July 2021. 

Springhill Suites Seattle 

41,812 

42,634 

4.380 

October 1, 2026 
 
 Three months deferral of interest and principal payments from June to August, 2020. Four months interest only payments from September to December, 2020. 

Homewood Suites Woodlands 

8,420 

8,594 

4.690 

April 11, 2025 

Hyatt Place Germantown 

6,342 

6,524 

4.300 

May 6, 2023 
 
 Deferral of thirteen months of interest and principal payments from September 2020 to September 2021 and eighteen months deferral escrow payments for tax, insurance and hotel furniture and fixtures from April 2020 to September 2021 totaled 1.4 million as of September 30, 2021 million and were paid to lender in October 2021. 

Hyatt Place North Charleston 

6,553 

6,730 

5.193 

August 1, 2023 
 
 Payment of 100,000 cash deposit and may make interest and principal payments from restricted cash for six months from April to September, 2020. 

Hampton Inn Austin 

9,844 

10,073 

5.426 

January 6, 2024 
 
 Deferral of thirteen months of interest and principal payments from September 2020 to September 2021 and eighteen months deferral escrow payments for tax, insurance and hotel furniture and fixtures from April 2020 to September 2021 totaled 1.99 million as of September 30, 2021 million and were paid to lender in October 2021. 

Residence Inn Grapevine 

11,360 

11,625 

5.250 

April 6, 2024 
 
 Deferral of nine months of interest and principal payments from January 2021 to September 2021 and sixteen months deferral of escrow payments for tax, insurance and hotel furniture and fixtures from June 2020 to September 2021 totaled 2.35 million as of September 30, 2021. 1.41 million of the total due as of September 30, 2021 was paid to lender in October 2021 and 940,000 was paid from excess cash flow with the October 2021 to June 2022 regular mortgage payments. 

Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst 

17,986 

18,420 

4.700 

September 27, 2024 
 
 Six months payment of interest only from April to September, 2020. 

Hilton Garden Inn Austin 

17,026 

17,564 

4.530 

December 11, 2024 
 
 Deferral of eighteen months of interest and principal payments and escrow payments for tax, insurance and hotel furniture and fixtures from April 2020 to September 2021 totaled 3.98 million as of September 30, 2021. 1.62 million of the total due as of September 30, 2021 was paid to lender in October 2021 and 2.36 million was paid in monthly installments with the October 2021 to June 2022 regular mortgage payments. 

Hampton Inn Great Valley 

7,429 

7,617 

4.700 

April 11, 2025 
 
 Deferral of sixteen months of interest and principal payments and escrow payments for tax, insurance and hotel furniture and fixtures from June 2020 to September 2021 totaled 1.75 million as of September 30, 2021. 729,000 of the total due as of September 30, 2021 was paid to lender in October 2021 and 1.02 million was paid from excess cash flow with the October 2021 to September 2022 regular mortgage payments. 

Embassy Suites Nashville 

38,811 

39,660 

4.2123 

July 11, 2025 
 
 April 2020 to July 2020 payment of principal and interest deferred. August 2020 to December 2020 interest only. Special servicing fees of 205,285 each were paid in January 2021 and April 2021. 

Homewood Suites Austin 

10,022 

10,311 

4.650 

August 11, 2025 
 
 Deferral of seventeen months of interest and principal payments from May 2020 to September 2021 and eighteen months deferral of escrow payments for tax, insurance and hotel furniture and fixtures from April 2020 to September 2021 totaled 2.73 million as of September 30, 2021. 1.14 million of the total due as of September 30, 2021 was paid to lender in October 2021 and 1.59 million was paid in monthly installments with the October 2021 to June 2022 regular mortgage payments. 

Townplace Suites Fort Worth 

5,645 

5,783 

4.700 

September 27, 2024 
 
 April 2020 payment was interest only. Six-month deferral of principal from April to September 2020. Two months deferral of interest payments for May and June, 2020. Three months interest only payments from July to September, 2020. 

Hampton Inn Houston 

4,022 

4,181 

9.500 

April 28, 2023 
 
 Seven-month deferral of principal and interest payments for payments due March 28, 2020 through September 28, 2020. Six months interest only for payments due October 28, 2020 through March 28, 2021. 

Residence Inn Houston Medical Center 

28,083 

28,703 

5.000 

October 1, 2024 
 
 Deferral of principal and interest payments for six months from April to September, 2020. Interest only payments for an additional twelve months from October 2020 to September 2021. 

U.S. Small Business Administration Economic Injury Disaster Loans 

7,500 

7,500 

3.750 

November 2051 

Total notes payable 

236,320 

241,676 

Less unamortized debt issuance costs 

(1,260) 
 
 (1,937) 

Total notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 

235,060 

239,739 

51 

Monthly payments of
principal and interest are due and payable until the maturity date, except that monthly installments of principal and interest
begin two years from the dates of the U.S. Small Business Administration Economic Injury Disaster Loans. 

Hotel properties secure
their respective loans. 

Credit Risk 

We are also exposed
to credit risk. Credit risk in our investments in debt and securities relates to each individual borrower s ability to make
required interest and principal payments on scheduled due dates. We seek to manage credit risk through our advisor s comprehensive
credit analysis prior to making an investment, actively monitoring our asset portfolio and the underlying credit quality of our
holdings and subordination and diversification of our portfolio. Our analysis is based on a broad range of real estate, financial,
economic and borrower-related factors which we believe are critical to the evaluation of credit risk inherent in a transaction. 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data 

Our Consolidated Financial
Statements and supplementary data can be found beginning on Page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the
period covered by this Annual Report, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act). Based upon, and as of the date of, the evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file
and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
us in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report, our management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making that assessment, our management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework . Based on its assessment, our management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial
reporting was effective based on those criteria. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information 

None. 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

52 

PART III 

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our directors and executive
officers and their positions and offices are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Brett C. Moody 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Robert W. Engel 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 William H. Armstrong III 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Charles L. Horn 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Clifford P. McDaniel 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 John P. Thompson 
 
 Independent Director 

Brett C. Moody ,
age 59, has served as our Chairman of our board of directors, Chief Executive Officer and President since our organization. Mr.
Moody also serves as Chief Executive Officer and President of our advisor. Mr. Moody also served as Chairman of the board of directors,
Chief Executive Officer and President of Moody I and Chief Executive Officer and President of its advisor from January 2008 to
September 2017. Mr. Moody founded Moody Mortgage Corporation in 1996 and has served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
since its formation. Mr. Moody, who has over 20 years of commercial real estate experience, has since guided the growth of his
company from a mortgage company to a full service real estate firm, which includes affiliates Moody National Mortgage Corporation,
Moody National Realty Company, Moody National Management, Moody National Hospitality Management, LLC, Moody National Development
Company and their respective subsidiaries, collectively referred to as the Moody National Companies. His primary responsibilities
include overseeing real estate acquisitions and management as well as building, coaching and leading the Moody National Companies
team of professionals. As Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Moody National Mortgage Corporation, Mr. Moody has
closed over 200 transactions totaling over 2 billion. Prior to founding Moody National Mortgage Corporation, Mr. Moody was a financial
analyst for the Dunkum Mortgage Group, now Live Oak Capital. Mr. Moody also serves on the Board of Directors of Foundation for
the Future, the Yellowstone Academy for At Risk Children, and the Palmer Drug Abuse Program. Mr. Moody attended the University
of Texas at Austin, but did not receive any degrees. 

Our board of directors,
excluding Mr. Moody, has determined that the leadership positions previously and currently held by Mr. Moody, and the extensive
experience he has accumulated from acquiring and managing investments in commercial real estate and debt, have provided Mr. Moody
with the experiences, attributes and skills necessary to effectively carry out the duties and responsibilities of a director. 

Robert W. Engel ,
age 68, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our organization. Mr. Engel also served as Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer of Moody I from January 2008 to September 2017, and as Secretary of Moody I from May 2010 to September 2017. In addition,
Mr. Engel also serves as the Chief Financial Officer Real Estate Development and Management of the Moody National Companies
Organization, a position he has held since September 2006. Prior to working at the Moody National Companies Organization, Mr. Engel
served as the Divisional Controller, Real Estate Development and Management, of BMS Management, Inc., an owner and manager of commercial
and multifamily properties primarily in Houston, Texas from May 2005 to September 2006. From November 1999 to May 2005, Mr. Engel
served as Controller and Chief Financial Officer, Real Estate Development and Management for Hartman Management, Inc., advisor
to Hartman Commercial Properties REIT, which provides commercial real estate services. Mr. Engel is a CPA and holds memberships
in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Texas Society of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Engel is
also a CPM, with membership in the Institute of Real Estate Management, and a CCIM as a member of the CCIM Institute. He is a licensed
real estate broker in the State of Texas. Mr. Engel holds Series 7, 22, 24, 27, 62 and 63 licenses with FINRA. Mr. Engel received
a B.B.A. with highest honors from the University of Texas in Austin, Texas. 

William H. Armstrong
III , age 58, has served as one of our independent directors since September 2017. Mr. Armstrong also served as one of Moody
I s independent directors from September 2008 until September 2017. Mr. Armstrong serves as Chairman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer and President of Stratus Properties Inc. (NASDAQ: STRS), a company engaged in the acquisition, development, management,
operation and sale of commercial, hotel, entertainment, multifamily and single-family residential real estate properties located
primarily in the Austin, Texas area. Mr. Armstrong has been employed by Stratus Properties since its inception in 1992, served
as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Stratus Properties from 1996 to 1998, and has served as Chairman of the
Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Stratus Properties since 1998. Prior to joining Stratus Properties, Mr. Armstrong
was Vice President of Sonnenblick Goldman, a national real estate investment banking and advisory firm. Mr. Armstrong serves on
the Finance Committee of the U.S. Green Building Council, a Washington, D.C.-based non-profit organization, and he has been active
in the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, the Urban Land Institute and the Real Estate Council of
Austin. Mr. Armstrong received a B.A. in Economics from the University of Colorado Denver. 

53 

Our board of directors,
excluding Mr. Armstrong, has determined that Mr. Armstrong s previous leadership positions, including directorships, with
other organizations primarily engaged in investing in commercial real estate have provided Mr. Armstrong with the experience, attributes
and skills necessary to effectively carry out the duties and responsibilities of a director. 

Charles L. Horn ,
age 62, has served as one of our independent directors, and as Chairman of our Audit Committee, since August 2014. Mr. Horn also
served as an independent director and as Chairman of the Audit Committee of Moody I from May 2012 to September 2017. Since November
2021, Mr. Horn has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Loyalty Ventures, Inc. (NASDAQ:LYLT), a leading provider
of customer loyalty and marketing solutions. From July 2019 to October 2021, Mr. Horn has served as Executive Vice President and
Senior Advisor of Alliance Data Systems, Inc. (NYSE: ADS), a leading provider of customer loyalty and marketing solutions, and
from December 2009 to June 2019, Mr. Horn served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Alliance Data Systems,
Inc. From 1999 to November 2009, Mr. Horn served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Builders Firstsource,
Inc. (NASDAQ: BLDR), a leading supplier of structural building materials to homebuilders. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Horn served as
Vice President of Finance and Treasury for the retail operations of Pier 1 Imports, Inc., and, from 1992 to 1994, Mr. Horn served
as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Conquest Industries. Mr. Horn is a Certified Public Accountant in the
State of Texas. Mr. Horn received a B.A. in business administration from Abilene Christian University and an M.B.A. from the University
of Texas in Austin, Texas. 

Our
board of directors, excluding Mr. Horn, has determined that Mr. Horn s experience as the chief financial officer of public,
listed companies and as a certified public accountant has provided Mr. Horn with the experiences, attributes and skills necessary
to effectively carry out his duties and responsibilities as a director. 

Clifford P. McDaniel ,
age 61, has served as one of our independent directors since February 2016. Since February 2015, Mr. McDaniel has served as an
Executive Managing Director of the Affordable Housing Group in the Houston office of ARA, a Newmark Company, a real estate investment
brokerage firm. From January 1996 to February 2015, Mr. McDaniel served as a Principal with ARA. In his roles at ARA, Mr. McDaniel
has developed expertise in the financial and procedural aspects of real estate transactions for multiple institutional clients.
Mr. McDaniel also serves at the Executive Director of On Track Ministries, Vice President of Club Outreach Ministries and Secretary
of West Houston 15 MUD. Mr. McDaniel received a B.S. in Communications from the University of Texas in Austin, Texas. 

Our board, excluding
Mr. McDaniel, has determined that Mr. McDaniel s current and previous experience in strategic real estate acquisitions and
dispositions has provided Mr. McDaniel with the experiences, attributes and skills necessary to effectively carry out the duties
and responsibilities of a director. 

John P. Thompson ,
age 59, has served as one of our independent directors since September 2017. Mr. Thompson also served as one of Moody I s
independent directors from September 2008 until September 2017. Mr. Thompson is the founder of PinPoint Commercial, L.P., which
provides real estate services focusing on industrial, senior housing and medical related projects primarily in Texas. As CEO of
Pinpoint Commercial, Mr. Thompson leads all investment and development activities for the firm and oversees the company s
financial and management operations. Prior to founding PinPoint Commercial in 1998, Mr. Thompson served as an industrial real estate
broker with CB Richard Ellis, Inc. Mr. Thompson received a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Texas in Austin, Texas. 

Our board of directors,
excluding Mr. Thompson, has determined that Mr. Thompson s experience managing investments in industrial and retail properties
and brokering industrial properties has provided Mr. Thompson with the experiences, attributes and skills necessary to effectively
carry out the duties and responsibilities of a director. 

Audit Committee 

Our board has a separately
designated standing audit committee. The audit committee meets on a regular basis, at least quarterly and more frequently as necessary.
The audit committee s primary functions are to evaluate and approve the services and fees of our independent registered public
accounting firm, to periodically review the auditors independence and to assist the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities
by reviewing the financial information to be provided to the stockholders and others, the system of internal controls which management
has established and the audit and financial reporting process. The current members of the audit committee are Charles L. Horn and
Clifford P. McDaniel, both of whom are independent directors. Mr. Horn currently serves as the chairman of the audit committee.
Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Horn satisfies the SEC s requirements for and serves as our audit committee
financial expert. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act requires each director, officer and individual beneficially owning more than 10 of our common stock to file with
the SEC, within specified time frames, initial statements of beneficial ownership (Form 3) of our common stock and statements of
changes in beneficial ownership (Forms 4 and 5) of our common stock. These specified time frames require the reporting of changes
in ownership within two business days of the transaction giving rise to the reporting obligation. Reporting persons are required
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed with the SEC. Based solely on a review of the forms, and any amendments
thereto, filed electronically with the SEC during and with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, or written representations
that no additional forms were required, we believe that all required Section 16(a) filings were timely and correctly made by reporting
persons during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

54 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code
of Ethics which contains general guidelines for conducting our business and is designed to help directors, employees and independent
consultants resolve ethical issues in an increasingly complex business environment. The Code of Ethics applies to all of our officers,
including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer and persons performing
similar functions and all members of our board. The Code of Ethics covers topics including, but not limited to, conflicts of interest,
record keeping and reporting, payments to foreign and United States government personnel and compliance with laws, rules and regulations.
We will provide to any person without charge a copy of our Code of Ethics, including any amendments or waivers thereto, upon written
request delivered to our principal executive office at the address listed on the cover page of this Annual Report. Within the time
required by the rules of the SEC, we will file on Form 8-K any amendment to or waiver of our Code of Ethics. 

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation of our Executive Officers 

We are externally managed
and have no employees. Each of our executive officers are employees of our advisor or one or more of its affiliates and receive
compensation for his or her services, including services performed on our behalf, from such entities. Our executive officers do
not receive compensation directly from us for services rendered to us and we do not intend to pay any compensation to our executive
officers. We do not reimburse our advisor directly or indirectly for the salary or other compensation paid to any of our executive
officers. As a result, we do not have nor has our board considered a compensation policy for our executive officers and we have
not included a Compensation and Discussion Analysis in this Annual Report. 

See Item 13, Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence below for a discussion of fees paid to our advisor and
its affiliates. 

Compensation of our Directors 

If a director is also
one of our executive officers or an affiliate of our advisor, we do not pay any compensation to that person for services rendered
as a director. The amount and form of compensation payable to our independent directors for their service to us is determined by
our board of directors, based upon recommendations from our advisor. The following table sets forth certain information regarding
compensation earned by or paid to our directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) 
 Restricted Stock Grants 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Brett C. Moody 

Charles L. Horn (2) 
 64,000 

64,000 
 
 Clifford P. McDaniel (2) 
 54,000 

54,000 
 
 John P. Thompson (2) 
 54,000 

54,000 
 
 William H. Armstrong III (2) 
 54,000 

54,000 
 
 Total 
 226,000 

226,000 

(1) The amounts shown in this column include fees earned for attendance at board of director and committee
meetings and annual retainers, as described below under Cash Compensation. 

(2) Independent director. 

Cash Compensation 

We pay each of our
independent directors an annual retainer of 50,000, plus 2,000 per in-person board meeting attended, 1,500 per in-person committee
meeting attended and 1,000 for each telephonic meeting attended; provided, however , we do not pay an additional fee to
our directors for attending a committee meeting when the committee meeting is held on the same day as a board meeting. We also
pay the audit committee chairperson an additional annual retainer of 10,000 and reimburse all directors for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with attending board meetings. 

Independent Directors
Compensation Plan 

We have adopted an
independent directors compensation plan, which operates as a sub-plan of our long-term incentive plan (described below) pursuant
to which each of our independent directors was entitled, subject to the plan s conditions and restrictions, to receive an
initial grant of 5,000 shares of restricted stock when we raised 2,000,000 in gross offering proceeds. Each subsequent independent
director that joins our board of directors will receive an initial grant of 5,000 shares of restricted stock upon his or her election
to our board of directors. In addition, on the date following an independent director s re-election to our board of directors,
he or she will receive an additional grant of 2,500 shares of restricted stock upon each of the first four annual meetings of stockholders
when he or she is re-elected to our board of directors. The restricted stock will generally vest and become non-forfeitable in
equal quarterly instalments beginning on the first day of the first quarter following the date of grant; provided, however ,
that the restricted stock will become fully vested on the earlier of (1) the termination of the independent director s service
as a director due to death or disability, or (2) we experience a change in control. As of December 31, 2022, all of our current
independent directors have received all of the grants of restricted stock to which they are entitled pursuant to the terms of the
independent directors compensation plan. 

55 

All directors receive
reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of the board of directors. If
a director is also one of our executive officers, we will not pay any compensation to such person for services rendered as a director. 

Long-Term Incentive
Plan 

We have adopted a long-term
incentive plan which we use to attract and retain qualified directors, officers, employees, and consultants. Our long-term incentive
plan offers these individuals an opportunity to participate in our growth through awards in the form of, or based on, our common
stock. We currently anticipate that we will issue awards only to our independent directors under our long-term incentive plan. 

The long-term incentive
plan authorizes the granting of restricted stock, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted or deferred stock units,
dividend equivalents, other stock-based awards and cash-based awards to directors, employees and consultants of ours selected by
the board of directors for participation in our long-term incentive plan. Stock options granted under the long-term incentive plan
will not exceed an amount equal to 10.0 of the outstanding shares of our common stock on the date of grant of any such stock options.
Stock options may not have an exercise price that is less than the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the date
of grant. 

Our board of directors
or a committee appointed by our board of directors administers the long-term incentive plan, with sole authority to determine all
of the terms and conditions of the awards, including whether the grant, vesting or settlement of awards may be subject to the attainment
of one or more performance goals. As described above, our independent directors receive shares of restricted stock under a sub-plan
to our long-term incentive plan, thereby aligning their interests more closely with the interests of our stockholders. No awards
will be granted under the long-term incentive plan if the grant or vesting of the awards would jeopardize our status as a REIT
under the Internal Revenue Code or otherwise violate the ownership and transfer restrictions imposed under our charter. Unless
otherwise determined by our board of directors, no award granted under the long-term incentive plan will be transferable except
through the laws of descent and distribution. 

We have authorized
and reserved an aggregate maximum number of 2,000,000 shares for issuance under the long-term incentive plan, of which 1,935,000
shares remained as of December 31, 2022. In the event of a transaction between our company and our stockholders that causes the
per-share value of our common stock to change (including, without limitation, any stock dividend, stock split, spin-off, rights
offering or large nonrecurring cash dividend), the share authorization limits under the long-term incentive plan will be adjusted
proportionately and the board of directors will make such adjustments to the long-term incentive plan and awards as it deems necessary,
in its sole discretion, to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights immediately resulting from such transaction. In the event
of a stock split, a stock dividend or a combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of common stock into a lesser number
of shares, the authorization limits under the long-term incentive plan will automatically be adjusted proportionately and the shares
then subject to each award will automatically be adjusted proportionately without any change in the aggregate purchase price. 

Our board of directors
may in its sole discretion at any time determine that all or a portion of a participant s awards will become fully vested.
The board may discriminate among participants or among awards in exercising such discretion. The long-term incentive plan will
automatically expire on the tenth anniversary of the date on which it is approved by our board of directors and stockholders, unless
extended or earlier terminated by our board of directors. Our board of directors may terminate the long-term incentive plan at
any time. The expiration or other termination of the long-term incentive plan will not, without the participant s consent,
have an adverse impact on any award that is outstanding at the time the long-term incentive plan expires or is terminated. Our
board of directors may amend the long-term incentive plan at any time, but no amendment will adversely affect any award without
the participant s consent and no amendment to the long-term incentive plan will be effective without the approval of our
stockholders if such approval is required by any law, regulation or rule applicable to the long-term incentive plan. 

56 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation 

We currently do not
have a compensation committee of our board because we do not pay, or plan to pay, any compensation to our officers. There are no
interlocks or insider participation as to compensation decisions required to be disclosed pursuant to SEC regulations. We have
not included a Compensation and Discussion Analysis in this Annual Report, as discussed above. 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table
provides information about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under our long-term
incentive plan, as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted- average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

1,935,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders: 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Total 

1,935,000 

Security Ownership of Beneficial Owners 

The following table
sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 12, 2023, for each person or group that holds more than 5.0 
of our outstanding shares of common stock, for each of our directors and executive officers and for our directors and executive
officers as a group. To our knowledge, each person who beneficially owns our shares of our common stock has sole voting and disposition
power with regard to such shares. 

Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Percent of All Shares 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Brett C. Moody (3) 
 11,121 

William H. Armstrong 
 26,959 

Robert W. Engel 

Charles L. Horn 
 18,075 

Clifford P. McDaniel 
 18,158 

John P. Thompson 
 16,292 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a group (6 persons) (3) 
 90,605 

Represents
less than 1.0 . 

(1) The address of each of Messrs. Moody, Armstrong, Engel, Horn, McDaniel and Thompson is c/o Moody
National REIT II, Inc., 9655 Katy Freeway, Suite 600, Houston, Texas 77024. 

(2) Under SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that
person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security.
A person also is deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities which that person has a right to acquire within 60 days. Under
these rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be
a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she has no economic or pecuniary interest. Except as otherwise noted, all shares
shown in the table are Class A shares. 

(3) Includes 11,121 Class A shares owned by our sponsor, which is indirectly owned and controlled by
Mr. Moody. 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

The following describes
all transactions during the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022 involving us, our directors, our advisor, our sponsor
and any affiliate thereof and all such proposed transactions. See also Note 7 (Related Party Arrangements) to the consolidated
financial statements included in this Annual Report. Our independent directors are specifically charged with and have examined
the fairness of such transactions to our stockholders and have determined that all such transactions are fair and reasonable to
us. 

57 

Ownership Interests 

Our sponsor owns 8,000
shares of our common stock that it purchased for an aggregate of 200,000 on August 14, 2014. Moody LPOP II contributed 1,000
to our operating partnership in exchange for special limited partnership interests and our affiliate, Moody Holdings II, contributed
 1,000 to our operating partnership in exchange for limited partnership interests. 

As of December 31,
2022, Moody Holdings II owned less than 1 of the outstanding limited partnership interests in our operating partnership and Moody
LPOP II owned 100 of the special limited partnership interests issued by our operating partnership. We are the sole general partner
of our operating partnership and own approximately 97.7 of the limited partnership units of our operating partnership. As we accepted
subscriptions for shares of our common stock, we transferred substantially all of the net offering proceeds from our public offering
to our operating partnership as a contribution in exchange for partnership interests and our percentage ownership in our operating
partnership increased proportionately. Moody LPOP II s ownership interest of the special limited partnership interests entitles
it to receive distributions equal to 15 of our net cash flows, whether from continuing operations, the repayment of loans, the
disposition of assets or otherwise, but only after our stockholders have received, in the aggregate, cumulative distributions equal
to their total invested capital plus a 6 cumulative, non-compounded annual pre-tax return on such aggregated invested capital.
In addition, the special limited partnership interest holder will be entitled to a separate payment if it redeems its special limited
partnership interests. The special limited partnership interests may be redeemed upon (1) the listing of our common stock on a
national securities exchange or (2) the occurrence of certain events that result in the termination or non-renewal of our advisory
agreement, in each case for an amount that Moody LPOP II would have been entitled to receive as if our operating partnership had
disposed of all of its assets at the enterprise valuation as of the date of the event triggering the redemption. 

Our Relationships with our Advisor and our Sponsor 

Our advisor, Moody
National Advisor II, LLC, supervises and manages our day-to-day operations and selects our real property investments and real estate-related
investments, subject to the oversight of our board of directors. Our advisor also provides marketing, sales and client services
on our behalf. Our advisor was formed in July 2014 and is indirectly owned by our sponsor. Brett C. Moody, the Chairman of our
board of directors and our Chief Executive Officer and President, also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of our sponsor and
our advisor. All of our officers and directors, other than our independent directors, are officers of our advisor and serve, and
may serve in the future, other affiliates of our advisor. 

We and our operating
partnership have entered into the advisory agreement with our advisor, the current one-year term of which expires on January 20,
2024, subject to an unlimited number of successive one-year renewals upon mutual consent of the parties. A majority of the independent
directors may terminate the advisory agreement without cause or penalty on 60 days written notice and we may terminate the
advisory agreement immediately for fraud, criminal conduct, misconduct or negligent breach of fiduciary duty by our advisor, a
material breach of the advisory agreement by our advisor or upon the bankruptcy of our advisor. Services provided by our advisor
under the terms of the advisory agreement include the following: 

participate in formulating an investment strategy and asset allocation framework consistent with
achieving our investment objectives; 

research, identify, review and recommend to our board of directors for approval investments in
real estate assets and dispositions consistent with our investment policies and objectives; 

structure the terms and conditions of transactions pursuant to which acquisitions and dispositions
of real estate assets will be made; 

actively oversee and manage our portfolio of real estate assets for purposes of meeting our investment
objectives; 

manage our day-to-day affairs, including financial accounting and reporting, investor relations,
marketing, informational systems and other administrative services on our behalf; 

select joint venture partners, structure corresponding agreements and oversee and monitor these
relationships; 

arrange for financing and refinancing of our real estate assets; and 

recommend various liquidity events to our board of directors when appropriate. 

The above summary is
provided to illustrate the material functions that our advisor performs for us pursuant to the advisory agreement and is not intended
to include all of the services that may be provided to us by the advisor, its affiliates or third parties. 

58 

Fees and Expense Reimbursements Paid
to our Advisor 

Pursuant to the advisory agreement, we pay
our advisor or its affiliates the fees described below. 

As of January 16, 2018, our advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions,
dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid in connection with our public offering. In connection therewith, we increased
the acquisition fee we pay our advisor from 1.5 to up to 3.85 of (1) the cost of all investments that we acquire (including our
pro rata share of any indebtedness assumed or incurred in respect of the investment and exclusive of acquisition and financing
coordination fees), (2) our allocable cost of investments acquired in a joint venture (including our pro rata share of the purchase
price and our pro rata share of any indebtedness assumed or incurred in respect of that investment and exclusive of acquisition
fees and financing coordination fees) or (3) the amount funded by us to acquire or originate a loan or other investment, including
mortgage, mezzanine or bridge loans (including any third-party expenses related to such investment and exclusive of acquisition
fees and financing coordination fees). The 3.85 acquisition fee is comprised of (i) a 1.5 base acquisition fee and (ii) up to
an additional 2.35 contingent acquisition fee amount that we refer to as the contingent advisor payment. The 1.5 
base acquisition fee will always be payable upon our acquisition of an investment, unless the receipt thereof is waived by our
advisor. Our advisor intends to recoup the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees it funds on
our behalf through receipt of the contingent advisor payment. The amount of the contingent advisor payment to be paid in connection
with the closing of an acquisition will be reviewed on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis and such payment will not exceed the
then-outstanding amounts paid by our advisor for selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees at the
time of such closing. For purposes of determining the amount of contingent advisor payment payable, the amounts paid by our advisor
for dealer manager fees, selling commissions or stockholder servicing fees and considered outstanding will be reduced
by the amount of the contingent advisor payment previously paid. Our advisor may waive or defer all or a portion of
the acquisition fee at any time and from time to time, in our advisor s sole discretion. We did not incur
any acquisition fees payable to our advisor for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We pay our advisor a financing coordination fee of 1 of the amount available under any loan or
line of credit made available to us and 0.75 of the amount available or outstanding under any refinanced loan or line of credit.
Our advisor will pay some or all of these fees to third parties with whom it subcontracts to coordinate financing for us. We did
not incur any financing coordination fees payable to our advisor for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We pay our advisor a monthly asset management fee of one-twelfth of 1.0 of the cost of investment
of all real estate investments we acquire. We incurred asset management fees of 4.8 million payable to our advisor for each of
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We pay Moody National Hospitality Management, LLC, or the property manager, an affiliate of our
advisor, a monthly hotel management fee equal to 4 of the monthly gross receipts from the properties managed by the property manager
for services it provides in connection with operating and managing such properties. The property manager may pay some or all of
the compensation it receives from us to a third-party property manager for management or leasing services. In the event that we
contract directly with a non-affiliated third-party property manager, we will pay the property manager a market-based oversight
fee. We will reimburse the costs and expenses incurred by the property manager on our behalf, including legal, travel and other
out-of-pocket expenses that are directly related to the management of specific properties, but we will not reimburse the property
manager for general overhead costs or personnel costs other than employees or subcontractors who are engaged in the on-site operation,
management, maintenance or access control of the properties. We paid the property manager property management fees of 3.4 million
and accounting fees of 450,000 for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We pay an annual incentive fee to the property manager. Such annual incentive fee is equal to 15 
of the amount by which the operating profit from the properties managed by the property manager for such fiscal year (or partial
fiscal year) exceeds 8.5 of the total investment in such properties. The property manager may pay some or all of this annual fee
to third-party sub-property managers for management services. For purposes of this fee, total investment means the
sum of (i) the price paid to acquire a property, including closing costs, conversion costs, and transaction costs; (ii) additional
invested capital; and (iii) any other costs paid in connection with the acquisition of the property, whether incurred pre-acquisition
or post-acquisition. As of December 31, 2022, we had not paid the property manager any annual incentive fees. 

If our advisor provides a substantial amount of services in connection with the sale of a property
or other investment, as determined by our independent directors, we may also pay our advisor a disposition fee in an amount of
up to one-half of the brokerage commission paid but in no event greater than 3 of the contract sales price of each property or
other investment sold; provided, however , in no event may the aggregate disposition fees paid to our advisor and any real
estate commissions paid to unaffiliated third parties exceed 6 of the contract sales price. As of December 31, 2022, we had not
paid any disposition fees to our advisor. 

59 

In addition to the
fees we pay to our advisor pursuant to the advisory agreement, we also reimburse our advisor for the following costs and expenses: 

Our organization and offering expenses may be incurred directly by us or may be incurred by our
advisor on our behalf. Pursuant to the advisory agreement, we will reimburse our advisor for organizational and offering expenses
associated with our public offerings incurred by our advisor on our behalf, provided that within 60 days of the last day of the
month in which any public offering ends, our advisor is obligated to reimburse us to the extent that organization and offering
costs we have incurred in connection with such public offering exceed 15 of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of shares
of our common stock in such offering. As of January 16, 2018, our advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling
commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid in connection with our public offering. We will not reimburse
our advisor for the selling commissions and fees it pays on our behalf, however our advisor intends to recoup all or a portion
of such amounts over time through receipt of the contingent advisor payment, as discussed above. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, total organization and offering expenses for the initial public offering and the follow-on offering were 21.1 million, comprised
of 12.3 million of expenses incurred directly by us and 8.8 million in expenses incurred by and reimbursable to our advisor (excluding
the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid on our behalf by our advisor effective as of January
16, 2018). As of December 31, 2022, total organization and offering expenses for the follow-on offering were 2.7 million, comprised
of 0 of expenses incurred directly by us and 2.7 million in expenses incurred by and reimbursable to our advisor. As of December
31, 2022, we had 0 due to our advisor for reimbursable offering costs. 

We will reimburse our advisor for all expenses paid or incurred by our advisor in connection with
the services provided to us, subject to the limitation that we will not reimburse our advisor for any amount by which our operating
expenses (including the asset management fee) at the end of the four preceding fiscal quarters exceeds the 2 /25 Limitation (as
defined in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report). Notwithstanding the above, we may reimburse our advisor for expenses in excess
of this limitation if a majority of our independent directors determines that such excess expenses are justified based on unusual
and non-recurring factors. For the four fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2022, our total operating expenses were 7.0 million,
which included 5.2 million in operating expenses incurred directly by us and 1.8 million incurred by our advisor on our behalf.
Of the 7.0 million in total operating expenses incurred during the four fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2022, 0 exceeded the
2 /25 Limitation. We reimbursed our advisor 1.8 million during the four fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2022. As of December
31, 2022, we had 252,000 due to our advisor for operating expense reimbursement. 

We reimburse our advisor for acquisition expenses incurred related to the selection and acquisition
of real property investments and real estate-related investments; provided, however , that in no event will the total of
all acquisition fees (including financing coordination fees) and acquisition expenses payable exceed 6 of the contract purchase
price of all real estate investments acquired. We did not reimburse our advisor for any acquisition expenses for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Selling Commissions and Fees Paid to our Dealer Manager 

From January 1, 2017
through June 12, 2017, we paid Moody Securities an up-front selling commission of up to 7.0 of the gross proceeds of what are
now the Class A Shares sold in the primary offering and a dealer manager fee of up to 3.0 of the gross proceeds of what are now
the Class A Shares sold in the primary offering. Beginning on June 12, 2017, we reallocated our common shares into four separate
share classes, Class A Shares, Class T Shares, Class I Shares and Class D Shares. We offered our Class A Shares, Class T Shares
and Class I Shares in our public offering, with differing commissions and fees applicable to each such class of shares. 

Beginning January 16,
2018, our advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing
fees paid in connection with our public offering; provided, however , that our advisor intends to recoup all or a portion
of such amounts over time through receipt of the contingent advisor payment (as discussed above). As of December 31, 2022, we had
paid Moody Securities 9.7 million in selling commissions, trailing stockholder servicing fees, and dealer manager fees related
to our public offerings, of which 8.5 million could potentially be recouped by our advisor at a later date through receipt of
the contingent advisor payment. 

Notes Payable to Related Party 

See Note 4, Debt 
to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for a description of notes payable to related party. The
balance of such notes was 30.1 million as of December 31, 2022 

60 

Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our board, including
our independent directors, has examined the material terms, factors and circumstances surrounding the transactions and arrangements
described above. On the basis of such examination, our board, including our independent directors, has determined that such transactions
are fair and reasonable to us and on terms and conditions not less favorable to us than those available from unaffiliated third
parties. 

Conflict Resolution Procedures 

As discussed above,
we are subject to potential conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with our advisor and its affiliates. These conflicts
may relate to compensation arrangements, the allocation of investment opportunities, the terms and conditions on which various
transactions might be entered into by us and our advisor or its affiliates and other situations in which our interests may differ
from those of our advisor or its affiliates. We have adopted the procedures set forth below to address these potential conflicts
of interest. 

Allocation of Investment Opportunities 

Many investment opportunities
that are suitable for us may also be suitable for our sponsor or its affiliates. We, our sponsor, our advisor and other affiliates
share certain of the same executive officers and key employees. In the event that we, or any other investment vehicle formed or
managed by these real estate professionals, or any other investment vehicle sponsored by our sponsor and its affiliates, are in
the market and seeking investments similar to those we intend to make, these real estate professionals will review the investment
objectives, portfolio and investment criteria of each such investment vehicle to determine the suitability of the investment opportunity. 

In connection with
determining whether an investment opportunity is suitable for one or more investment vehicles sponsored by our sponsor and its
affiliates, these real estate professionals may take into account such factors as they, in their discretion, deem relevant, including,
among others, the following: 

the investment objectives and criteria of our sponsor and other affiliates; 

the cash requirements of our sponsor and its affiliates; 

the portfolio of our sponsor and its affiliates by type of investment and risk of investment; 

the policies of our sponsor and its affiliates relating to leverage; 

the anticipated cash flow of the asset to be acquired; 

the income tax effects of the purchase; 

the size of the investment; and 

the amount of funds available to our sponsor and its affiliates and the length of time such funds
have been available for investment. 

Following the completion
of suitability determinations, these real estate professionals shall have the authority, in their sole discretion, to direct the
investment opportunity to the entity for which such investment opportunity would be the most suitable. The advisory agreement requires
that this determination be made in a manner that is fair without favoring our sponsor or any other affiliate. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event that an investment opportunity becomes available that is equally
suitable, under all of the factors considered by these real estate professionals, for both us and one or more other public
or private entities sponsored by our sponsor and its affiliates, or managed by these real estate professionals, then the entity
that has had the longest period of time elapse since it was offered an investment opportunity will first be offered such investment
opportunity. 

If a subsequent event
or development causes any investment, in the opinion of these real estate professionals, to be more appropriate for another affiliated
entity, they may offer the investment to such entity. In making an allocation determination, these real estate professionals have
no obligation to make any investment opportunity available to us. 

Independent Directors 

Our independent directors,
acting as a group, will resolve potential conflicts of interest whenever they determine that the exercise of independent judgment
by the board of directors or our advisor or its affiliates could reasonably be compromised. However, the independent directors
may not take any action which, under Maryland law, must be taken by the entire board of directors or which is otherwise not within
their authority. The independent directors, as a group, are authorized to retain their own legal and financial advisors. Among
the matters the independent directors review and act upon are: 

the continuation, renewal or enforcement of our agreements with our advisor and its affiliates,
including the advisory agreement with our advisor and the dealer manager agreement with our dealer manager; 

61 

transactions with affiliates, including our directors and officers; 

awards under our long-term incentive plan; and 

pursuit of a potential liquidity event. 

Compensation Involving Our Advisor
and its Affiliates 

The independent directors
will evaluate at least annually whether the compensation that we contract to pay to our advisor and its affiliates is reasonable
in relation to the nature and quality of services performed and whether such compensation is within the limits prescribed by our
charter. The independent directors will supervise the performance of our advisor and its affiliates and the compensation we pay
to them to determine whether the provisions of our advisory agreement are being carried out. The independent directors record their
findings on the factors they deem relevant in the minutes of the meetings of our board of directors. 

Acquisition, Leases and Sales Involving
Affiliates 

We will not purchase
assets in which our sponsor, our advisor, any of our directors or any of their affiliates has an interest without a determination
by a majority of our board of directors, including a majority of the independent directors, not otherwise interested in the transaction
that such transaction is fair and reasonable to us and at a price to us no greater than the cost of the asset to the affiliated
party from which we are purchasing the asset, or, if the price to us is in excess of such cost, that substantial justification
for such excess exists and such excess is reasonable. In no event may we acquire or lease any such asset at an amount in excess
of its current appraised value. 

We will not sell or
lease assets to our advisor, our sponsor, any of our directors or any of their respective affiliates without a determination by
a majority of our board of directors, including a majority of the independent directors, not otherwise interested in the transaction
that such transaction is fair and reasonable to us. 

Our charter provides
that the consideration we pay for real property will ordinarily be based on the fair market value of the property as determined
by a majority of our board of directors or the members of a duly authorized committee of the board. In cases in which a majority
of our independent directors so determine, and in all cases in which real property is acquired from our sponsor, our advisor, any
of our directors or any of their affiliates, the fair market value shall be determined by an independent expert selected by our
independent directors not otherwise interested in the transaction. 

Mortgage Loans Involving Affiliates 

We are prohibited from
investing in or making mortgage loans unless an appraisal of the underlying property is obtained. In all cases in which the transaction
is with our advisor, our sponsor, our directors or any of their respective affiliates, the appraisal must be obtained by an independent
expert, and we must keep the appraisal for at least five years and make it available for inspection and duplication by any of our
common stockholders. In addition, we must obtain a mortgagee s or owner s title insurance policy or commitment as to
the priority of the mortgage or the condition of the title. In addition, our charter prohibits us from investing in indebtedness
secured by a mortgage that is subordinate to any lien or other indebtedness of our sponsor, our advisor, any of our directors or
any of our affiliates. 

Loans Involving Affiliates 

We will not make any
loans to our advisor, our sponsor, any of our directors or any of their respective affiliates except mortgage loans for which an
appraisal of the underlying property is obtained from an independent appraiser or loans to wholly owned subsidiaries. In addition,
we will not borrow from our advisor, our sponsor, any of our directors or any of their respective affiliates unless a majority
of our board of directors, including a majority of the independent directors, not otherwise interested in the transaction approve
the transaction as being fair, competitive and commercially reasonable and no less favorable to us than comparable loans between
unaffiliated parties. These restrictions on loans will only apply to advances of cash that are commonly viewed as loans, as determined
by our board of directors. By way of example only, the prohibition on loans would not restrict advances of cash for legal expenses
or other costs incurred as a result of any legal action for which indemnification is being sought, nor would the prohibition limit
our ability to advance reimbursable expenses incurred by our directors or officers, our sponsor, our advisor or any of their respective
affiliates. 

Other Transactions Involving Affiliates 

We will not engage
in any other transaction with our sponsor, our advisor, any of our directors or any of their respective affiliates unless a majority
of our board of directors, including a majority of the independent directors, not otherwise interested in such transaction approve
such transaction as fair and reasonable to us and on terms and conditions no less favorable to us than those available from unaffiliated
third parties. 

62 

Director Independence 

We have a five-member
board. One of our directors, Brett C. Moody, is affiliated with our sponsor and its affiliates, and we do not consider Mr. Moody
to be an independent director. The four remaining directors qualify as independent directors as defined in our charter
in compliance with the requirements of the North American Securities Administrators Association s Statement of Policy Regarding
Real Estate Investment Trusts. Although our shares are not listed on any national securities exchange, our independent directors
are independent as defined by the standards of the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE. The NYSE standards provide
that to qualify as an independent director, in addition to satisfying certain bright-line criteria, the board must affirmatively
determine that a director has no material relationship with us (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization
that has a relationship with us). Our board of directors has affirmatively determined that each of Messrs. Horn, McDaniel, Thompson
and Armstrong are independent members of our board of directors under all applicable standards for independence,
including with respect to committee service on our audit committee. 

Our charter provides
that a majority of the directors must be independent directors, except for a period of up to 60 days after the death,
removal or resignation of an independent director pending the election of a successor independent director. As defined in our charter,
an independent director is a person who is not, on the date of determination, and within the last two years from
the date of determination has not been, directly or indirectly, associated with our sponsor or our advisor by virtue of (1) ownership
of an interest in our sponsor, our advisor, or any of their affiliates, other than us; (2) employment by our sponsor, our advisor,
or any of their affiliates; (3) service as an officer or director of our sponsor, our advisor, or any of their affiliates, other
than as one of our directors; (4) performance of services, other than as a director, for us; (5) service as a director or trustee
of more than three real estate investment trusts organized by our sponsor or advised by our advisor; or (6) maintenance of a material
business or professional relationship with our sponsor, our advisor, or any of their affiliates. A business or professional relationship
is considered material if the aggregate gross revenue derived by the director from the sponsor, the advisor, and
their affiliates (excluding fees for serving as one of our directors or other REIT or real estate program organized or advised
or managed by our advisor or its affiliates) exceeds 5 of either the director s annual gross revenue during either of the
last two years or the director s net worth on a fair market value basis. An indirect association with the sponsor or our
advisor shall include circumstances in which a director s spouse, parent, child, sibling, mother- or father-in-law, son-
or daughter-in-law, or brother- or sister-in-law is or has been associated with the sponsor, the advisor, any of their affiliates,
or with us. None of our independent directors face conflicts of interest because of affiliations with other programs sponsored
by our sponsor and its affiliates. 

Currently Proposed Transactions 

There are no currently
proposed material transactions with related persons other than those transactions described above. 

ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Frazier Deeter,
LLC, or Frazier Deeter, has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since 2014. 

Pre-Approval Policies 

The audit committee
charter imposes a duty on the audit committee to pre-approve all auditing services performed for us by our independent auditors
as well as all permitted non-audit services in order to ensure that the provision of such services does not impair the auditors 
independence. In determining whether to pre-approve services, the audit committee will consider whether the service is a permissible
service under the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. The audit committee, may, in its discretion, delegate to one or
more of its members the authority to pre-approve any audit or non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditors, provided
any such approval is presented to and approved by the full audit committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

All services rendered
by Frazier Deeter for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved in accordance with the policies and procedures
described above. 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees 

The audit committee
reviewed the audit services performed by Frazier Deeter, as well as the fees charged by Frazier Deeter for such services.
Frazier Deeter did not provide any non-audit services. The aggregate fees billed to us by Frazier Deeter for professional
accounting services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are set forth in the table below. 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 350,000 
 280,000 
 
 Audit related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 350,000 
 280,000 

63 

For purposes of the
preceding tables, Frazier Deeter s professional fees are classified as follows: 

Audit fees These are fees for professional services performed for the audit of our
annual consolidated financial statements, the required review of quarterly financial statements, registration statements and other
procedures performed by independent auditors in order for them to be able to form an opinion on our consolidated financial statements. 

Audit-related fees These are fees for assurance and related services that traditionally
are performed by independent auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements,
such as due diligence related to acquisitions and dispositions, attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation,
internal control reviews, and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax fees These are fees for all professional services performed by professional staff
in our independent auditor s tax division, except those services related to the audit of our financial statements. These
include fees for tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice, including federal, state, and local issues. Services may also include
assistance with tax audits and appeals before the IRS and similar state and local agencies, as well as federal, state, and local
tax issues related to due diligence. 

All other fees These are fees for any services not included in the above-described
categories, including assistance with internal audit plans and risk assessments. 

64 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

The following documents
are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(a) List of Documents Filed 

(1) The financial statements contained herein begin on page F-1 hereof 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

Schedule III Real Estate
Assets and Accumulated Depreciation is set forth on page F-24 hereof. 

All other schedules for which
provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are not
applicable and therefore have been omitted. 

(3) Exhibits 

65 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-198305) filed on January 12, 2015) 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2017) 

3.3 
 
 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2017) 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-198305) filed on August 22, 2014) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 

4.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2017) 

10.1 
 
 Moody National REIT II, Inc. Independent Directors Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-198305) filed on January 12, 2015) 

10.2 
 
 Moody National REIT II, Inc. Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2017) 

10.3 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP dated as of September 27, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2017) 

10.4 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2017, by and among Moody National REIT II, Inc., Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP and Moody National Advisor II, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2017) 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2018, by and among Moody National REIT II, Inc., Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP and Moody National Advisor II, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 16, 2018) 

10.6 
 
 Dealer Manager Agreement, dated July 16, 2018, by and among Moody National REIT II, Inc., Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP and Moody Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-222610), filed on July 16, 2018) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement (included as Exhibit A to the Dealer Manager Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.6 hereof) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

66 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 

We have elected not to provide summary information. 

67 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Brett C. Moody 

Brett C. Moody 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title(s) 
 
 Date 

/s/ Brett C. Moody 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Brett C. Moody 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Robert W. Engel 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Robert W. Engel 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Charles L. Horn 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Charles L. Horn 

/s/ Clifford P. McDaniel 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Clifford P. McDaniel 

/s/ John P. Thompson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 John P. Thompson 

/s/ William H. Armstrong III 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 William H. Armstrong III 

68 

Moody National REIT II, Inc. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule 

Page 

Number 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 
 
 Schedule III - Real Estate Assets and Accumulated Depreciation 
 F-24 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 Moody National REIT II, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of Moody National REIT II, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes and financial statement
schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor
were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to
obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any
way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a
whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter
or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Investments in hotel properties, net Indicators
of impairment and Assessment of expected holding periods 

Description of the Matter 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had investments
in hotel properties, net of accumulated depreciation, of 399,477,000. As further disclosed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, throughout the year the Company performs an analysis of each property to determine whether an indicator of impairment
exists. Many indicators of impairment, such as unfavorable changes in economic conditions or changes in the intended holding periods
of the properties, are subjective. If indicators of impairment are present, the Company determines whether the sum of the undiscounted
cash flows estimated to be generated by the respective properties over their estimated remaining useful life, based on historical
and industry data, is less than the properties' carrying amounts. The Company prepares an annual recoverability analysis assuming
estimated cash flows for each of its properties to assist with its evaluation of impairment indicators. 

Auditing management's analysis is complex due to the
highly subjective nature of identifying indicators of impairment as well as any change in the property's intended hold period and
projected undiscounted future cash flows. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design
over the Company's review of indicators of impairment, including changes in the intended hold period. 

Our testing of the Company's indicators of impairment
included, among others, evaluating management s analysis, including testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying
data, testing both internal operating projections and an evaluation of discount rates and terminal capitalization rates through
third-party industry guides and our industry expert. For example, we tested estimated cash flows by comparing them to historical
operating results by property and current industry, market, and economic trends through third-party industry guides. In addition,
we considered the hold period necessary for the property's carrying value to be recovered via undiscounted cash flows. We held
discussions with management about the status of any potential transactions and management's judgments to understand the probability
of future events that could affect the holding period and other cash flow assumptions for the properties. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 

March 29, 2023 

F- 3 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Investments in hotel properties, net 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Deferred franchise costs, net of accumulated amortization of and at 
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and as of 
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Notes payable to related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related parties, net 

Dividends payable 

Total Liabilities 

Special Limited Partnership Interests 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Equity: 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued 
and outstanding 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Total stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 

Total Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 4 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue 

Room revenue 

Other hotel revenue 

Total hotel revenue 

Interest and dividend income 

Total revenue 

Expenses 

Hotel operating expenses 

Property taxes, insurance and other 

Depreciation and amortization 

Corporate general and administrative 

Total expenses 

Operating loss 

() 
 
 () 

Other expenses (income) 

Interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs 

Gain on sale of marketable securities 

() 
 
 Total other expenses 

Loss before income tax expense 

() 
 
 () 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Net loss 

() 
 
 () 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 
 
 () 

Per-share information basic and diluted: 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Dividends declared 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 5 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 

Noncontrolling 
 Interests in 
 Operating 
 Partnership 

Number 
 of 
 Shares 

Par 
 Value 

Number 
 of 
 Shares 

Par 
 Value 

Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 

Accumulated 
 Deficit 

Number 
 of 
 Units 

Value 

Total 
 Equity 

Beginning Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 6 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Loss on sale of marketable securities 

Unrealized gain on change in fair value of investment in marketable securities 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Due to related parties 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from the sale of marketable securities 

Payment of deferred franchise costs 

() 

Improvements and additions to hotel properties 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayment of notes payable 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Proceeds of notes payable to related party 

Repayment of notes payable to related party 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Activity 

Interest paid 

Income tax paid 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 7 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 rooms. For more
information on the Company s real estate investments, see Note 3, Investment in Hotel Properties. 

On January 20, 2015,
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC declared the Company s registration statement on Form S-11
effective, and the Company commenced its initial public offering of up to billion in shares of common stock consisting of
up to .0 billion in shares of the Company s common stock offered to the public, and up to .0 million in shares offered
to the Company s stockholders pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan (the DRP ). 

On June 26, 2017, the
Company reallocated the Company s shares of common stock as Class A common stock, par value per share Class
A Shares ), Class D common stock, par value per share Class D Shares ), Class I common stock, par
value per share Class I Shares ), and Class T common stock, par value per share Class T Shares 
and, together with the Class A Shares, the Class D Shares and the Class I Shares, the Shares ). On January 16, 2018,
the Advisor (as defined below) assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder
servicing fees paid in connection with the Company s public offering; provided, however , that the Advisor intends
to recoup the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees that it funds through an increased acquisition
fee, or Contingent Advisor Payment, as described in Note 6 Related Party Arrangements. 

On January 18, 2018,
the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-222610) registering .0 million in any combination
of the Shares to be sold on a best efforts basis in the Company s follow-on public offering. The SEC declared
the registration statement effective on July 19, 2018. 

The Company s
follow-on public offering was terminated (including pursuant to the DRP) effective as of March 25, 2020 due to the impact that
the spread of COVID-19, a disease caused by a novel strain of coronavirus, is having and is expected to continue to have in the
Company s hotel properties. The Company accepted investors subscriptions for and issued an aggregate of million 
shares in the Company s initial public offering and follow-on offering, excluding shares issued in connection with the Company s
merger with Moody National REIT I, Inc. and including shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting in gross offering proceeds
of million . The Company accepted investors subscriptions for and issued million shares in the follow-on offering,
including shares pursuant to the DRP, resulting in gross offering proceeds of million for the follow-on offering. 

The Company s
advisor is Moody National Advisor II, LLC (the Advisor ), a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of
the Sponsor. Pursuant to an advisory agreement among the Company, the OP (defined below) and the Advisor (the Advisory Agreement ),
and subject to certain restrictions and limitations therein, the Advisor is responsible for managing the Company s affairs
on a day-to-day basis and for identifying and making acquisitions and investments on behalf of the Company. 

Substantially all of
the Company s business is conducted through Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the
 OP ). The Company is the sole general partner of the OP. The initial limited partners of the OP were Moody OP Holdings
II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Moody Holdings II ), and
Moody National LPOP II, LLC Moody LPOP II ), an affiliate of the Advisor. Moody Holdings II initially invested 
in the OP in exchange for limited partnership interests, and Moody LPOP II invested in the OP in exchange for a separate
class of limited partnership interests (the Special Limited Partnership Interests ). As the Company accepted subscriptions
for shares of common stock, it transferred substantially all of the net proceeds from such sales to the OP as a capital contribution.
The limited partnership agreement of the OP provides that the OP will be operated in a manner that will enable the Company to (1)
satisfy the requirements for being classified as a REIT for tax purposes, (2) avoid any federal income or excise tax liability
and (3) ensure that the OP will not be classified as a publicly traded partnership for purposes of Section 7704 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ), which classification could result in the
OP being taxed as a corporation, rather than as a partnership. In addition to the administrative and operating costs and expenses
incurred by the OP in acquiring and operating real properties, the OP pays all of the Company s administrative costs and
expenses, and such expenses are treated as expenses of the OP. 

COVID-19 Pandemic 

The global COVID-19
pandemic had a significant adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and operating results. Since its discovery
in December 2019, COVID-19 spread globally, including to every state in the United States. The spread of COVID-19 was declared
a pandemic by the World Health Organization and in the United States the Health and Human Services Secretary declared a public
health emergency with respect to COVID-19 . Many governments, included at the federal,
state and local level in the United States, instituted a wide variety of measures intended to control the spread of COVID-19, including
states of emergency, mandatory quarantines, stay at home orders, business closures, border closings, and restrictions
on travel and large gatherings. Although these measures have been relaxed or lifted entirely, they may be reinstated in whole or
in part in certain communities and additional, more restrictive measures may be implemented on a widespread basis in the future.
The COVID-19 pandemic adversely impacted numerous industries, including transportation and hospitality, and triggered a material
global economic slowdown. 

Although vaccines for
COVID-19 are available to the general public in the United States and around the world, the spread of the virus could have a continued
adverse impact on economic and market conditions despite the distribution of vaccines. 

The COVID-19 pandemic
dramatically reduced travel, which had an unprecedented adverse impact on the hotel industry. As a result, the COVID-19 pandemic
had a significant adverse effect on the operating results of the Company s hotel properties, which depend primarily upon
revenues driven by business and leisure travel, and on the Company s business, financial performance and operating results.
Since March 2020, the Company experienced a significant decline in bookings, occupancy and revenues across the Company s
hotel properties. The Company s hotel properties operated at a property net operating loss since the outbreak of COVID-19,
which had an adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and cash flow from operations. In addition, the Company
reduced certain services and amenities at the Company s hotel properties. 

Each of the Company s
hotel properties is subject to a mortgage loan secured by the Company s ownership interest in the property. If the Company
is unable to service the mortgage loan secured by a hotel property due to decreased revenues generated by such property, the lender
with respect to such mortgage loan may initiate foreclosure procedures with respect to the property or initiate other available
remedies. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company is current with respect to the payments due under the mortgage loans
secured by the Company s hotel properties and or is compliance with the modified terms of certain mortgage loans and other
accommodations as agreed to with the lenders. As discussed in Note 4, Debt, during 2021 certain lenders agreed to
limited loan modifications, including temporary deferrals of interest and principal payments and agreements to forebear the enforcement
of default remedies available under the terms of the loan documents. As of the date of this Annual Report, no lenders accelerated
the maturity of any of the loans secured by the Company s properties or initiated foreclosure procedures with respect to
any of the Company s properties. 

In response to the
COVID-19 pandemic, the Company terminated its public offering of common stock (including pursuant to the DRP), effective as of
March 2020. The Company is not currently raising capital through the sale of its securities and the Company does not intend to
begin to do so in the near term. The Company has also indefinitely suspended the payment of distributions to stockholders effective
as of March 2020 and the operation of the Company s share repurchase program effective as of April 2020. The Board and the
Company s management continue to evaluate the Company s financial condition and the overall economic environment to
determine if and when the Company will seek to resume raising capital, resume the payment of distributions and reinstate the Company s
share repurchase program. Specifically, the Board, in consultation with management, will continue to monitor the Company s
operations and intends to resume distributions at a time and level determined to be prudent in relation to the Company s
other cash requirements or in order to maintain the Company s REIT status for federal income tax purposes. However, it is
impossible to predict if or when the Company will be able to resume the payment of distributions. 

.0 of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of the Company s shares of common stock in the completed public
offering. Such organization and offering costs include selling commissions and dealer manager fees paid to a dealer manager, legal,
accounting, printing and other offering expenses, including marketing, salaries and direct expenses of the Advisor s employees
and employees of the Advisor s affiliates and others. Any reimbursement of the Advisor or its affiliates for organization
and offering costs will not exceed actual expenses incurred by the Advisor. The Company s organization and offering costs
incurred in connection with the Company s initial public offering did not exceed of the gross offering proceeds from
the sale of shares of common stock in such offering. 

All offering costs,
including selling commissions and dealer manager fees, are recorded as an offset to additional paid-in-capital, and all organization
costs are recorded as an expense when the Company has an obligation to reimburse the Advisor. 

As of December 31,
2022, total offering costs for the initial public offering and the follow-on offering were million, comprised of million 
of offering costs incurred directly by the Company and million in offering costs incurred by and reimbursable to the Advisor.
Total offering costs for the initial public offering were million, comprised of million of offering costs incurred
directly by the Company and million in offering costs incurred by and reimbursable to the Advisor. As of December 31, 2022,
total offering costs for the follow-on offering were million, comprised of of offering costs incurred directly by the Company
and million in offering costs incurred by and reimbursable to the Advisor. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had due
to the Advisor for reimbursable offering costs. 

shareholders for a sufficient number of days in 2015. Prior to qualifying to be taxed
as a REIT, the Company was subject to normal federal and state corporation income taxes. 

Provided that the Company
continues to qualify as a REIT, it generally will not be subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent it distributes its
REIT taxable income to its stockholders, so long as it distributes at least of its REIT taxable income (which is computed without
regard to the dividends paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance
with GAAP) and satisfies the other organizational and operational requirements for qualification as a REIT. Even if the Company
qualifies for taxation as a REIT, it may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income and property, and federal income
and excise taxes on its undistributed income. The Company leases the hotels it acquires to a wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary TRS that is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. 

The Company accounts
for income taxes of its TRS using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect
for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities from a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period prior to when the new rates become effective. The
Company records a valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not expected to be realized. 

The Company has reviewed
tax positions under GAAP guidance that clarify the relevant criteria and approach for the recognition and measurement of uncertain
tax positions. The guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition
of a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return. A tax position may only be recognized in the consolidated financial
statements if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination. The Company had no material
uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022. 

The preparation of
the Company s various tax returns requires the use of estimates for federal and state income tax purposes. These estimates
may be subjected to review by the respective taxing authorities. A revision to an estimate may result in an assessment of additional
taxes, penalties and interest. At this time, a range in which the Company s estimates may change is not expected to be material.
The Company will account for interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions in the current period results of operations,
if necessary. The Company has tax years 2018 through 2022 remaining subject to examination by various federal and state tax jurisdictions.
For more information, see Note 10, Income Taxes. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market
data, which require a reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

Assets and liabilities measured
at fair value are based on one or more of the following valuation techniques: 

Market approach: Prices and other relevant information generated by market
transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. 

Cost approach: Amount required to replace the service capacity of an
asset (replacement cost). 

Income approach: Techniques used to convert future income amounts to a
single amount based on market expectations (including present-value, option-pricing, and excess-earnings models). 

The Company s
estimates of fair value were determined using available market information and appropriate valuation methods. Considerable judgment
is necessary to interpret market data and develop estimated fair value. The use of different market assumptions or estimation methods
may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The Company classifies assets and liabilities in the fair value
hierarchy based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The Company has elected
the fair value option in recording its investment in marketable securities whereby unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities are included in earnings. With the exception of the Company s fixed-rate notes payable, the carrying amounts of
other financial instruments, which include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, notes receivable, notes
payable, and accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. For the fair
value of the Company s notes payable, see Note 4, Debt. 

. The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of the failure of these institutions is represented by the
difference between the FDIC protection limit and the total amounts on deposit. At December 31, 2022, the Company s cash accounts
exceeded federally insured limits by approximately . 

The Company is exposed
to geographic risk in that nine of its fifteen hotel properties are located in one state, Texas. 

- 
 
 Exterior improvements 
 - 
 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 - 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

and the realized loss on sale of marketable securities was . 

Dividend income is
recognized when earned. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, dividend income of and , respectively, was recognized
and is included in interest and dividend income on the consolidated statements of operations. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

million and million as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Expected future amortization of debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2022 is as follows (in
thousands): 

Years Ending December 31, 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

and shares as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, held by the Company s independent directors are included in the calculation
of basic EPS because such shares have been issued and participate in dividends. 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

- (3) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

(5) 

- (4) 

(5) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) of the Class B membership interests therein. See Note 4, Debt. 

(4) of the Class B membership interests therein. See Note 4, Debt. 

(5) 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Total cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Investment in hotel properties, net 

of the value of the Company s
net assets. Net assets for purposes of this calculation is defined to be the Company s total assets (other
than intangibles), valued at cost prior to deducting depreciation, reserves for bad debts and other non-cash reserves, less total
liabilities. However, the Company may temporarily borrow in excess of of the value of the Company s net assets if such
excess is approved by a majority of the Company s independent directors and disclosed to stockholders in the Company s
next quarterly report, along with an explanation for such excess. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s debt levels did
not exceed of the value of the Company s net assets, as defined above. 

of default interest of million when borrower brought all loan and escrow payments current and reimbursed lender expenses and paid of default interest in July 2021. 

Springhill Suites Seattle 

Homewood Suites Woodlands 

Hyatt Place Germantown 

million as of September 30, 2021 million and were paid to lender in October 2021. 

Hyatt Place North Charleston 

cash deposit and may make interest and principal payments from restricted cash for six months from April to September, 2020. 

Hampton Inn Austin 

million as of September 30, 2021 million and were paid to lender in October 2021. 

Residence Inn Grapevine 

million as of September 30, 2021. million of the total due as of September 30, 2021 was paid to lender in October 2021 and 940,000 was paid from excess cash flow with the October 2021 to June 2022 regular mortgage payments. 

Marriott Courtyard Lyndhurst 

Hilton Garden Inn Austin 

million as of September 30, 2021. million of the total due as of September 30, 2021 was paid to lender in October 2021 and million was paid in monthly installments with the October 2021 to June 2022 regular mortgage payments. 

Hampton Inn Great Valley 

million as of September 30, 2021. of the total due as of September 30, 2021 was paid to lender in October 2021 and million was paid from excess cash flow with the October 2021 to September 2022 regular mortgage payments. 

Embassy Suites Nashville 

each were paid in January 2021 and April 2021. 

Homewood Suites Austin 

million as of September 30, 2021. million of the total due as of September 30, 2021 was paid to lender in October 2021 and million was paid in monthly installments with the October 2021 to June 2022 regular mortgage payments. 

Townplace Suites Fort Worth 

Hampton Inn Houston 

Residence Inn Houston Medical Center 

U.S. Small Business Administration Economic Injury Disaster Loans 

Total notes payable 

Less unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 
 
 () 

Total notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 

Monthly payments of
principal and interest are due and payable until the maturity date, except that monthly installments of principal and interest
begin two years from the dates of the U.S. Small Business Administration Economic Injury Disaster Loans. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Economic Injury Disaster Loans 

The Company entered
into fifteen Loans Loans of each from the U.S. Small Business Administration. The Loans will be due in
monthly installments of principal and interest beginning two years from the dates of the Loans with balances due years from
the dates of the Loans. The Loans bear interest at the rate of per annum and are secured by the Company s tangible
and intangible personal property. 

Notes Payable to
Related Party 

On March 30, 2021,
Moody National Capital, LLC Moody Capital ), an affiliate of the Company, loaned the Company million pursuant
to a promissory note (the Related Party Note ). The Related Party Note provides that the Company may borrow up to
an additional .0 million from Moody Capital, for a maximum aggregate loan amount of million. All amounts borrowed under the
Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon, will be due and payable in full on , provided that the Company
may extend such maturity date for up to at the Company s discretion. Interest on the Related Party Note began to
accrue effective March 30, 2021. The principal amount of the loan under the Related Party Note will bear interest at a rate per
annum equal SOFR plus ; provided, however, that such interest rate will be increased to a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus
 if the Related Party Note is subordinated to another lender. The effective interest rate for the Related Party Note was 
as of December 31, 2022. The balance of Related Party Note was .0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

From April 2021 to
August 16, 2021, Moody Capital made a series of advances to the Company to meet specific cash flow needs of the Company. Effective
June 30, 2021, these advances were memorialized in a promissory note Second Related Party Note with a total maximum
aggregate loan amount of million. All amounts borrowed under the Second Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon,
will be due and payable in full on , provided that the Company may extend such maturity date for up to at
the Company s discretion. Interest on the Second Related Party Note began to accrue effective June 30, 2021. The principal
amount of the loan under the Second Related Party Note will bear interest at a rate per annum equal SOFR plus ; provided,
however, that such interest rate will be increased to a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus if the Second Related Party Note
is subordinated to another lender. The effective interest rate for the Second Related Party Note was as of December 31,
2022. The balance of Second Related Party Note was .0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

From August 20, 2021
to September 30, 2021, Moody Capital made a series of advances to the Company to meet specific cash flow needs and has received
repayments from the Company based on the Company s specific available cash flow. These advances were memorialized in a promissory
note Third Related Party Note with a total maximum aggregate loan amount of million. All amounts borrowed under
the Third Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon, will be due and payable in full on , provided that
the Company may extend such maturity date for up to two years at the Company s discretion. Interest on the Third Related
Party Note began to accrue effective August 20, 2021. The principal amount of the loan under the Third Related Party Note will
bear interest at a rate per annum equal SOFR plus ; provided, however, that such interest rate will be increased to a rate
per annum equal to SOFR plus if the Third Related Party Note is subordinated to another lender. The effective interest rate
for the Third Related Party Note was as of December 31, 2022. The balance of Third Related Party Note was .0 million
and million as of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

From April 13, 2022
to September 30, 2022, Moody Capital made a series of advances to the Company to meet specific cash flow needs and has received
repayments from the Company based on the Company s specific available cash flow These advances were memorialized in a promissory
note Fourth Related Party Note with a total maximum aggregate loan amount of .0 million. All amounts borrowed
under the Fourth Related Party Note plus all accrued interest thereon, will be due and payable in full on , provided
that the Company may extend such maturity date for up to two years at the Company s discretion. Interest on the
Fourth Related Party Note began to accrue effective April 13, 2022. The principal amount of the loan under the Fourth Related Party
Note bear interest at a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR plus ; provided, however, that such interest rate will
be increased to a rate per annum equal to one-year SOFR plus if the Fourth Related Party Note is subordinated to another
lender. The effective interest rate for the Fourth Related Party Note was as of December 31, 2022. The balance of Fourth
Related Party Note was as of December 31, 2022. 

Interest will be paid
for the Related Party Note, the Second Related Party Note, the Third Related Party Note, and the Fourth Related Party Note as permitted
by available cash flow of the Company, or from the excess proceeds following a sale of a property after the payment of expenses
and amounts due to any senior lender, if applicable, and will be compounded semiannually. The Company expects to enter into a mutually
agreeable subordination agreement with any such senior lender. The Company may prepay the amounts due under the Related Party Note,
the Second Related Party Note, the Third Related Party Note, and the Fourth Related Party Note without any prepayment penalty. 

The estimated fair
value of the Company s notes payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The
fair value of the notes payable was estimated based on discounted cash flow analyses using the current incremental borrowing rates
for similar types of borrowing arrangements as of the respective reporting dates. The discounted cash flow method of assessing
fair value results in a general approximation of value, and such value may never actually be realized. 

billion shares of common stock and million shares of preferred stock. All shares
of such stock have a par value of per share. On August 15, 2014, the Company sold shares of common stock to the Sponsor
at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of , which was paid in cash. As of December 31,
2022, there were a total of 13.6 million shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding, including million
shares, net of redemptions, issued in the Company s public offerings, million shares, net of redemptions, issued in connection
with the Mergers, the shares sold to Sponsor and shares of restricted stock issued to the Company s directors
(as discussed in Note 7, Incentive Award Plan as follows (in thousands): 

Class T Shares 

Class I Shares 

Total 

The Board is authorized
to amend the Charter without the approval of the stockholders to increase the aggregate number of authorized shares of capital
stock or the number of shares of any class or series that the Company has authority to issue. 

Distributions

The Company first paid
distributions on September 15, 2015. On March 24, 2020, the Board unanimously approved the suspension of (i) the payment
of distributions to the Company s stockholders, effective immediately, and (ii) the operation of the DRP, effective as of
April 6, 2020, due to the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic had on the Company s hotel properties. The payment of distributions
and the operation of the DRP will remain suspended until such time as the Board approves their resumption. 

Noncontrolling
Interest in Operating Partnership 

Noncontrolling interest
in the OP at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2.3 million and 2.8 million , respectively, which represented common units
in the OP issued in connection with the acquisition of the Springhill Suites Seattle and the Partnership Merger, and is reported
in equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Loss from the OP attributable to these noncontrolling interests was and
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and in consideration of services to be provided by the Advisor, the OP issued an affiliate of the Advisor, Moody LPOP II,
a separate, special limited partnership interest, in the form of Special Limited Partnership Interests. For further detail, please
see Note 8, Subordinated Participation Interest. 

Sales Commissions and Dealer Manager
Fees 

From January 1, 2017,
through June 12, 2017, the Company paid Moody Securities an up-front selling commission of up to of the gross proceeds of
what are now the Class A Shares sold in the primary offering and a dealer manager fee of up to of the gross proceeds of what
are now the Class A Shares sold in the primary offering. Beginning on June 12, 2017, the Company reallocated its common shares
into four separate share classes, Class A Shares, Class T Shares, Class I Shares and Class D Shares, with the differing fees for
each class of shares. 

Beginning January 16,
2018, the Advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing
fees paid in connection with the Company s public offering; provided, however , that the Advisor intends to recoup
the funding of such amounts through the Contingent Advisor Payment (described below). In connection with the implementation of
the Contingent Advisor Payment, the Company reduced the up-front selling commission paid with respect to the Class A Shares from
up to to up to of the gross proceeds of the Class A Shares sold in the primary offering and reduced the dealer manager
fee paid with respect to the Class A Shares from up to to up to of the gross proceeds of the Class A Shares sold in the
primary offering. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had paid Moody Securities million in selling commissions and trailing
stockholder servicing fees, and dealer manager fees related to the Company s public offering, of which million could
potentially be recouped by the Advisor at a later date through the Contingent Advisor Payment 

Organization
and Offering Expenses 

The Advisor will receive
reimbursement for organizational and offering expenses incurred on the Company s behalf, but only to the extent that such
reimbursements do not exceed actual expenses incurred by Advisor and do not cause the cumulative selling commissions, dealer manager
fees, stockholder servicing fees and other organization and offering expenses borne by the Company to exceed of gross offering
proceeds from the sale of shares in the Company s follow-on offering as of the date of reimbursement. 

As of December 31,
2022, total offering costs for the initial public offering and the follow-on offering were million, comprised of million of
offering costs incurred directly by the Company and million in offering costs incurred by and reimbursable to the
Advisor. As of December 31, 2022, total offering costs for the initial public offering were million, comprised of million of
offering costs incurred directly by the Company and million in offering costs incurred by and reimbursable to the
Advisor. As of December 31, 2022, total offering costs for the follow-on offering were million, comprised of of
offering costs incurred directly by the Company and million in offering costs incurred by and reimbursable to the
Advisor. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had due to the Advisor for reimbursable offering costs. 

Acquisition Fees 

As of January 16, 2018,
the Advisor assumed responsibility for the payment of all selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees
in connection with the Company s public offering. In connection therewith, as of January 16, 2018, the acquisition fee payable
to the Advisor was increased from to up to a maximum of of (1) the cost of all investments the Company acquires (including
the Company s pro rata share of any indebtedness assumed or incurred in respect of the investment and exclusive of acquisition
and financing coordination fees), (2) the Company s allocable cost of investments acquired
in a joint venture (including the Company s pro rata share of the purchase price and the Company s pro rata
share of any indebtedness assumed or incurred in respect of that investment and exclusive of acquisition fees and financing coordination
fees) or (3) the amount funded by the Company to acquire or originate a loan or other investment, including mortgage, mezzanine
or bridge loans (including any third-party expenses related to such investment and exclusive of acquisition fees and financing
coordination fees). The up to acquisition fee consists of (i) a base acquisition fee and (ii) up to an additional 
contingent acquisition fee (the Contingent Advisor Payment ). The base acquisition fee will always be payable
upon the acquisition of an investment by the Company, unless the receipt thereof is waived by the Advisor. The amount of the Contingent
Advisor Payment to be paid in connection with the closing of an acquisition will be reviewed on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis
and such payment shall not exceed the then-outstanding amounts paid by the Advisor for dealer manager fees, selling commissions
or stockholder servicing fees at the time of such closing. For purposes of determining the amount of Contingent Advisor Payment
payable, the amounts paid by the Advisor for dealer manager fees, selling commissions or stockholder servicing fees and considered
 outstanding will be reduced by the amount of the Contingent Advisor Payment previously paid and taking into account
the amount of the Contingent Advisor Holdback. The Advisor may waive or defer all or a portion of the acquisition fee at any time
and from time to time, in the Advisor s sole discretion. The Company did not incur any acquisition fees payable to the Advisor
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Reimbursement
of Acquisition Expenses 

The Advisor may also
be reimbursed by the Company for actual expenses related to the evaluation, selection and acquisition of real estate investments,
regardless of whether the Company actually acquires the related assets. The Company did not reimburse the Advisor for any acquisition
expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Financing Coordination
Fee 

The Advisor also receives
financing coordination fees of of the amount available under any loan or line of credit made available to the Company and 
of the amount available or outstanding under any refinanced loan or line of credit. The Advisor will pay some or all of these fees
to third parties with whom it subcontracts to coordinate financing for the Company. The Company did not incur any financing coordination
fees payable to the Advisor during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Property Management
Fee 

The Company pays Moody
National Hospitality Management, LLC Property Manager a monthly hotel management fee equal to of the monthly
gross operating revenues from the properties managed by Property Manager for services it provides in connection with operating
and managing properties. The hotel management agreements between the Company and the Property Manager generally have initial terms
of . Property Manager may pay some or all of the compensation it receives from the Company to a third-party property manager
for management or leasing services. In the event that the Company contracts directly with a non-affiliated third-party property
manager, the Company will pay Property Manager a market-based oversight fee. The Company will reimburse the costs and expenses
incurred by Property Manager on the Company s behalf, including legal, travel and other out-of-pocket expenses that are directly
related to the management of specific properties, but the Company will not reimburse Property Manager for general overhead costs
or personnel costs other than employees or subcontractors who are engaged in the on-site operation, management, maintenance or
access control of the properties. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred property management fees
each year of million and accounting fees each year of which are included in hotel operating expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company pays an
annual incentive fee to Property Manager. Such annual incentive fee is equal to of the amount by which the operating profit
from the properties managed by Property Manager for such fiscal year (or partial fiscal year) exceeds of the total investment
of such properties. Property Manager may pay some or all of this annual incentive fee to third-party sub-property managers for
management services. For purposes of this annual incentive fee, total investment means the sum of (i) the price paid
to acquire a property, including closing costs, conversion costs, and transaction costs; (ii) additional invested capital and (iii)
any other costs paid in connection with the acquisition of the property, whether incurred pre- or post-acquisition. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had not paid any annual incentive fees to Property Manager. 

Asset Management
Fee 

The Company pays the
Advisor a monthly asset management fee of one-twelfth of of the cost of investment of all real estate investments the Company
acquires. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred asset management fees of million for each year
payable to Advisor, which are recorded in corporate general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations 

Disposition Fee 

The Company also pays
the Advisor or its affiliates a disposition fee in an amount of up to one-half of the brokerage commission paid on the sale of
an asset, but in no event greater than of the contract sales price of each property or other investment sold; provided, however,
in no event may the aggregate disposition fees paid to the Advisor and any real estate commissions paid to unaffiliated third parties
exceed of the contract sales price. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not incurred any disposition fees payable to the
Advisor. 

Operating Expense
Reimbursement 

The Company will reimburse
the Advisor for all expenses paid or incurred by the Advisor in connection with the services provided to the Company, subject to
the limitation that the Company will not reimburse the Advisor for any amount by which the Company s aggregate operating
expenses (including the asset management fee payable to the Advisor) at the end of the four preceding fiscal quarters exceeds the
greater of: (1) of the Company s average invested assets, or (2) of the Company s net income determined without
reduction for any additions to reserves for depreciation, bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves and excluding any gain from
the sale of the Company s assets for that period (the / Limitation ). Notwithstanding the above, the Company
may reimburse the Advisor for expenses in excess of the / Limitation if a majority of the Company s independent directors
determines that such excess expenses are justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. For the four fiscal quarters ended
December 31, 2022, total operating expenses of the Company were .0 million, which included million in operating expenses
incurred directly by the Company and million incurred by the Advisor on behalf of the Company. Of the .0 million in total
operating expenses incurred during the four fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2022, exceeded the / Limitation. The Company
reimbursed the Advisor million during the four fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had due to the Advisor for operating expense reimbursement. 

Notes Payable
to Related Party 

See Note 4, Debt 
to the consolidated financial statements for a description of notes payable to related party. The balance of such notes was 
as of December 31, 2022. 

Due to Related
Parties, Net 

Asset management fee 

() 
 
 Accounts payable to Property Manager 

Total due to related parties, net 

shares of restricted stock when the
Company raised the minimum offering amount of in the Company s initial public offering. Each new independent director
who subsequently joins the Board will receive a grant of shares of restricted stock upon his or her election to the Board.
In addition, on the date of each of the first four annual meetings of the Company s stockholders at which an independent
director is re-elected to the Board, he or she will receive an additional grant of shares of restricted stock. Subject to
certain conditions, the non-vested shares of restricted stock granted pursuant to the Independent Directors Compensation Plan will
vest and become non-forfeitable in four equal quarterly installments beginning on the first day of the first quarter following
the date of grant; provided, however, that the restricted stock will become fully vested on the earlier to occur of (1) the termination
of the independent director s service as a director due to his or her death or disability or (2) a change in control of the
Company. As of December 31, 2022, there were common shares remaining available for future issuance under the Incentive
Award Plan and the Independent Directors Compensation Plan. 

The Company recorded
compensation expense related to such shares of restricted stock of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were non-vested shares of restricted common stock granted pursuant to the
Independent Directors Compensation Plan. 

Shares granted on November 12, 2021 

Shares vested 

() 

Balance of non-vested shares as of December 31, 2021 

Shares vested 

() 

Balance of non-vested shares as of December 31, 2022 

of the OP s net cash flows, whether from continuing operations, the repayment of loans, the
disposition of assets or otherwise, but only after the Company s stockholders (and current and future limited partnership
interest holders of the OP other than the former limited partners of Moody I OP) have received, in the aggregate, cumulative distributions
equal to their total invested capital plus a cumulative, non-compounded annual pre-tax return on such aggregated invested
capital. Former limited partners of Moody I OP must have received a cumulative annual return of , which is equal to the same
return to which such holders were entitled before distributions to the special limited partner of Moody I OP could have been paid
under the limited partnership agreement of Moody I OP. In addition, Moody LPOP II is entitled to a separate payment if it redeems
its Special Limited Partnership Interests. The Special Limited Partnership Interests may be redeemed upon: (1) the listing of the
Company s common stock on a national securities exchange or (2) the occurrence of certain events that result in the termination
or non-renewal of the Advisory Agreement, in each case for an amount that Moody LPOP II would have been entitled to receive had
the OP disposed of all of its assets at the enterprise valuation as of the date of the event triggering the redemption. 

F- 21 

Insurance 

Hotel furniture and fixtures 

Debt service 

Property improvement plan 

Total restricted cash 

Franchise Agreements 

As of December 31,
2022, all of the Company s hotel properties, including those acquired as part of the Moody I Portfolio, are operated under
franchise agreements with initial terms ranging from to years. The franchise agreements allow the properties to operate under
the franchisor s brand. Pursuant to the franchise agreements, the Company pays a royalty fee generally between and 
of room revenue, plus additional fees for marketing, central reservation systems and other franchisor costs that amount to between
 and of room revenue. The Company incurred franchise fee expense of approximately million and million for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which amounts are included in hotel operating expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

million and , respectively. 

The Company had deferred
tax assets of million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, net of a valuation allowance of million and million as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to net operating loss carry forwards of the TRS which are included in prepaid
expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the TRS had a net operating loss carry-forward
of million , of which million was transferred from Moody I s taxable REIT subsidiaries when they were merged into
the Company s TRS on the date of the closing of the Mergers. 

() 
 
 Deferred benefit 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Valuation provision for deferred benefit 

Total expense (benefit) 

() 

Federal 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Valuation provision for federal taxes 

State 

() 
 
 Total tax expense (benefit) 

() 

On December 31, 2022,
the Company had net deferred tax assets of million primarily due to past years federal and state tax operating losses
of the TRS. These loss carryforwards will generally expire in . The Company analyzes state
loss carryforwards on a state by state basis and records a valuation allowance when management deems it more likely than not that
future results will not generate sufficient taxable income in the respective state to realize the deferred tax asset prior to the
expiration of the loss carryforwards. Management believes that it is more likely than not that the results of future operations
of the TRS will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets, in excess of the valuation allowance, related
to federal and state loss carryforwards prior to the expiration of the loss carryforwards and has determined that no valuation
allowance is necessary. From time to time, the Company may be subjected to federal, state or local tax audits in the normal course
of business. 

of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock made an unsolicited tender offer
to all of the Company s stockholders to purchase up to an additional of the Company s common stock. 

F- 23 

(2) 

- (3) 

- (3) 

Total 

(1) million as of December 31, 2022. 

(2) million . 

(3) 

MOODY NATIONAL REIT II, INC. 
 SCHEDULE III 
 REAL ESTATE ASSETS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (CONTINUED) 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

Real estate: 

Balance at the beginning of the year 

Improvements and additions 

Balance at the end of the year 

Accumulated depreciation: 

Balance at the beginning of the year 

Depreciation 

Balance at the end of the year 

F- 25 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED

Moody National REIT II, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 

 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The following is a summary of the securities
of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (the Company or we, us or our registered
pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This description of
the terms of our stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable
provisions of Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), and the full text of our charter and bylaws. 

General 

Under our charter, we have authority to
issue a total of 1,100,000,000 shares of capital stock, 0.01 par value per share. On June 12, 2017, we renamed our outstanding
shares of common stock as Class A common stock and reclassified our authorized and unissued Class A shares into three new share
classes: Class D, Class I, and Class T common stock. Of the 1,100,000,000 shares of capital stock authorized, 250,000,000 shares
are classified as Class A common stock, 250,000,000 shares are classified as Class D common stock, 250,000,000 shares are classified
as Class I common stock, 250,000,000 shares are classified as Class T common stock and 100,000,000 shares of capital stock are
classified as preferred stock. We have no Class D stockholders. Our board of directors, with the approval of a majority of the
entire board of directors and without any action by our stockholders, may amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease
the aggregate number of shares of capital stock or the number of shares of capital stock of any class or series that we have authority
to issue. 

Common Stock 

Except for certain charter amendments that
would alter only the contract rights of a particular class of common stock, in which case the holders of shares of that class have
exclusive voting rights on the amendment and no holders of any other class or series of shares will be entitled to vote thereon,
the holders of each class of shares of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on by stockholders,
including the election of our directors. Our charter does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Therefore,
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock can elect our entire board of directors. Subject to any
preferential rights of any outstanding class or series of preferred stock, the holders of shares of our common stock are entitled
to such distributions as may be authorized from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds and declared
by us and, upon liquidation, are entitled to receive all assets available for distribution to stockholders. Holders of shares of
our common stock will not have preemptive rights, which means that stockholders will not have an automatic option to purchase any
new shares of common stock that we issue, or have appraisal rights, unless our board of directors determines that appraisal rights
apply, with respect to all or any classes or series of our stock, to one or more transactions occurring after the date of such
determination in connection with which stockholders would otherwise be entitled to exercise such rights. Stockholders are not liable
for our acts or obligations due to their status as stockholders. 

Our board of directors has authorized the
issuance of shares of our capital stock without certificates. Shares of our common stock are held in uncertificated 
form which will eliminate the physical handling and safekeeping responsibilities inherent in owning transferable share certificates
and eliminate the need to return a duly executed share certificate to effect a transfer. DST Systems, Inc. acts as our registrar
and as the transfer agent for shares of our common stock. 

Fees on Shares of our Common Stock 

Each Class A share issued in the primary
offering was subject to an upfront selling commission of up to 6.0 of the purchase price per share and an upfront dealer manager
fee of up to 2.5 of the purchase price per share. There is no stockholder servicing fees charged with respect to the Class A shares. 

Each Class I share issued in the primary
offering was subject to an up-front dealer manager fee of up to 1.0 of the purchase price per share. All of such dealer manager
fee was waived for shares purchased through non-affiliated registered investment advisors. There was no selling commissions or
stockholder servicing fees charged with respect to the Class I shares. 

Each Class T share issued in the primary
offering was subject to an upfront selling commission of up to 3.0 of the purchase price per share and an upfront dealer manager
fee of up to 2.5 of the purchase price per share. 

In addition, each outstanding Class T share
sold in our primary offering is subject to an annual stockholder servicing fee that accrues daily in an amount equal to 1/365th
of up to 1.0 of the NAV per Class T share sold in the primary offering. 

The stockholder servicing fee paid on the
Class T Shares will terminate on the earlier of: (i) a listing of the Class A shares on a national securities exchange; (ii) our
merger or consolidation with or into another entity, any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our
company or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, in each case in a transaction in which our stockholders
receive cash and/or shares listed on a national securities exchange; (iii) the end of the month in which our dealer manager determines
that total underwriting compensation paid in the primary offering is equal to 10.0 of the gross proceeds of the primary offering
from the sale of Class A shares, Class I shares and Class T shares; and (iv) with respect to Class T shares held in a particular
stockholder account, the end of the month in which total underwriting compensation from whatever source (including dealer manager
fees, selling commissions and any other underwriting compensation paid to participating broker-dealers with respect such Class
T shares in the stockholder account) would be in excess of 8.5 of the total gross investment amount in Class T shares determined
at the time of the most recent purchase of the Class T shares held in such account (or a lower limit, provided that, in the case
of a lower limit, the agreement between our dealer manager and the participating broker dealer in effect at the time Class T shares
were first issued to such account sets forth the lower limit and our dealer manager advises our transfer agent of the lower limit
in writing). Although we cannot predict the length of time over which the stockholder servicing fee will be paid due to potential
changes in the NAV of our shares, this fee would be paid with respect to a Class T share (in the case of a limit of 8.5 of gross
proceeds) for approximately three years from the date of purchase, assuming payment of the full upfront selling commissions and
dealer manager fees. 

Upon the termination of the payment of
trailing stockholder servicing fees as described in the preceding paragraph, the applicable Class T shares will convert into Class
A shares. The number of Class A shares into which a Class T share will convert will be based upon a conversion ratio equal to the
NAV per share of the Class T shares on the date of conversion divided by the NAV per share of the Class A shares on the date of
conversion. We cannot predict if or when any of these events will occur. 

The Class I shares will convert into Class
A shares upon (i) a listing of the Class A shares on a national securities exchange; or (ii) our merger or consolidation with or
into another entity, any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company or other disposition of
all or substantially all of our assets, in each case in a transaction in which our stockholders receive cash and/or shares listed
on a national securities exchange. The number of Class A shares into which a Class I share will convert will be based upon a conversion
ratio equal to the NAV per share of the Class I shares on the date of conversion divided by the NAV per share of the Class A shares
on the date of conversion. 

Our advisor will pay all selling commissions,
dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees with respect to our Class A shares, Class I shares and Class T shares and may
pay other fees paid on behalf of clients of nonaffiliated registered investment advisors with respect to our Class I shares. Our
advisor intends to recoup such amounts through the receipt of the Contingent Advisor Payment. 

We will not pay selling commissions, dealer
manager fees or stockholder servicing fees on shares sold pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. 

Our board of directors also previously
classified Class D shares of common stock. We have no Class D stockholders. 

Rights Upon Liquidation 

In the event of any voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, or any liquidating distribution of our assets, then such assets, or the proceeds
therefrom, will be distributed to the holders of Class A, Class I and Class T shares ratably in proportion to the respective NAV
for each class after payment of or adequate provision for all our known debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential
rights of holders of preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. To calculate the NAV for each class,
we will first determine our NAV and then apply any class-specific fees in order to determine the respective NAV for each respective
class of shares. 

Preferred Stock 

Our charter authorizes our board of directors
to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock and preferred stock into other classes or series of stock. Prior
to issuance of shares of each class or series, our board of directors is required by the MGCL and by our charter to set, subject
to our charter restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, the terms, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting
powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of repurchase
for each class or series. Thus, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of shares of common stock or preferred stock
with terms or conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or change in control that
might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. Our board of directors has
no present plans to issue preferred stock, but may do so at any time in the future without stockholder approval. The issuance of
preferred stock must be approved by a majority of our independent directors not otherwise interested in the transaction, who will
have access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or to independent legal counsel. 

Meetings, Special Voting Requirements
and Access to Records 

An annual meeting of the stockholders will
be held each year on a specific date and time set by our board of directors, upon reasonable notice to our stockholders, but no
sooner than 30 days after delivery of our annual report to stockholders. Special meetings of stockholders may be called only upon
the request of a majority of the directors, a majority of the independent directors, the chairman, the chief executive officer,
or the president and will be called by our secretary to act upon any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders
upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast at least 10 of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at the meeting.
Upon receipt of a written request of eligible stockholders, either in person or by mail, stating the purpose of the meeting, we
will provide all stockholders, within ten days after receipt of such request, written notice either in person or by mail, of such
meeting and the purpose thereof. Such meeting will be held on a date not less than 15 nor more than 60 days after the distribution
of such notice, at a time and place specified in the request, or if none is specified, at a time and place convenient to stockholders.
The presence either in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast at least 50 of all the votes entitled to be cast at
the meeting on any matter will constitute a quorum. Generally, the affirmative vote of a majority of all votes cast is necessary
to take stockholder action, except as provided in the following paragraph and except that the affirmative vote of a majority of
the shares represented in person or by proxy at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required to elect a director. 

Under the MGCL and our charter, stockholders
are generally entitled to vote at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present on (1) the amendment of our charter, (2) our
dissolution, (3) our merger, consolidation or conversion or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets.
These matters require the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast
on the matter. With respect to stock owned by our advisor, directors, or any of their affiliates, neither the advisor nor such
directors, nor any of their affiliates may vote or consent on matters submitted to stockholders regarding the removal of the advisor,
such directors or any of their affiliates or any transaction between us and any of them. In determining the requisite percentage
in interest of shares necessary to approve a matter on which our advisor, our directors or their affiliates may not vote or consent,
any shares owned by any of them shall not be included. 

The advisory agreement, including the selection
of our advisor, is approved annually by our directors, including a majority of the independent directors. While the stockholders
do not have the ability to vote to replace our advisor or to select a new advisor, stockholders do have the ability, by the affirmative
vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors, to remove a director from our board
of directors. Any stockholder will be permitted access to all of our corporate records at all reasonable times and may inspect
and copy any of them for a reasonable copying charge. Inspection of our records by the office or agency administering the securities
laws of a jurisdiction will be provided upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours. An alphabetical list of the names,
addresses and telephone numbers of our stockholders, along with the number of shares of our common stock held by each of them,
will be maintained as part of our books and records and will be available for inspection by any stockholder or the stockholder s
designated agent at our office. The stockholder list will be updated at least quarterly to reflect changes in the information contained
therein. A copy of the list will be mailed to any stockholder who requests the list within 10 days of the request. A stockholder
may request a copy of the stockholder list in connection with matters relating to voting rights and the exercise of stockholder
rights under federal proxy laws. A stockholder requesting a list will be required to pay the reasonable costs of postage and duplication.
We have the right to request that a requesting stockholder represent to us that the list will not be used to pursue commercial
interests. In connection with the mailing of a stockholder list to a requesting stockholder, the copy of the stockholder list will
be printed in alphabetical order, on white paper, and in a readily readable type size (in no event smaller than ten-point type).
We may impose a reasonable charge for expenses incurred in reproduction pursuant to a stockholder request. In addition to the foregoing,
stockholders have rights under Rule 14a-7 under the Exchange Act, which provides that, upon the request of investors and the payment
of the expenses of the distribution, we are required to distribute specific materials to stockholders in the context of the solicitation
of proxies for voting on matters presented to stockholders or, at our option, provide requesting stockholders with a copy of the
list of stockholders so that the requesting stockholders may make the distribution of proxies themselves. If a proper request for
the stockholder list is not honored, then the requesting stockholder will be entitled to recover certain costs incurred in compelling
the production of the list as well as actual damages suffered by reason of the refusal or failure to produce the list. However,
a stockholder will not have the right to, and we may require a requesting stockholder to represent that it will not, secure the
stockholder list or other information for the purpose of selling or using the list for a commercial purpose not related to the
requesting stockholder s interest in our affairs. 

Tender Offers 

Our charter provides that any tender offer
made by any person, including any mini-tender offer, must comply with most of the provisions of Regulation14D of
the Exchange Act, including the notice and disclosure requirements. Among other things, the offeror must provide us notice of such
tender offer at least ten business days before initiating the tender offer. If the offeror does not comply with the provisions
set forth above, the non-complying offeror will be responsible for all of our expenses in connection with that offeror s
noncompliance. Our charter also prohibits any stockholder from transferring shares of stock to a person who makes a tender offer
which does not comply with such provisions unless such stockholder has first offered such shares of stock to us at the tender offer
price in the non-compliant tender offer. 

Restriction on Ownership of Shares of
Capital Stock 

For us to qualify as a REIT, no more than
50 in value of the outstanding shares of our stock may be owned, directly or indirectly through the application of certain attribution
rules under the Internal Revenue Code, by any five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code to include specified
entities, during the last half of any taxable year. In addition, the outstanding shares of our stock must be owned by 100 or more
persons independent of us and each other during at least 335 days of a 12-month taxable year or during a proportionate part of
a shorter taxable year, excluding our first taxable year for which we elect to be taxed as a REIT. In addition, we must meet requirements
regarding the nature of our gross income to qualify as a REIT. One of these requirements is that at least 75 of our gross income
for each calendar year must consist of rents from real property and income from other real property investments. Subject to special
rules for leases to our TRS-lessees, the aggregate of the rents received by our operating partnership from any tenant will not
qualify as rents from real property, which could result in our loss of REIT status, if we own, actually or constructively within
the meaning of certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, 10 or more of the ownership interests in that tenant. To assist
us in preserving our status as a REIT, among other purposes, our charter contains limitations on the ownership and transfer of
shares of our stock which prohibit: (1) any person or entity from owning or acquiring, directly or indirectly, more than 9.8 of
the value of the aggregate of our then outstanding capital stock or more than 9.8 of the value or number of shares, whichever
is more restrictive, of the aggregate of our then outstanding Class A, Class I or Class T shares of common stock and (2) any transfer
of or other event or transaction with respect to shares of capital stock that would result in the beneficial ownership of our outstanding
shares of capital stock by fewer than 100 persons. In addition, our charter prohibits any transfer of, or other event with respect
to, shares of our capital stock that (1) would result in us being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h)
of the Internal Revenue Code, (2) would cause us to own, actually or constructively, 9.8 or more of the ownership interests in
a tenant of our real property or the real property of our operating partnership or any direct or indirect subsidiary of our operating
partnership or (3) would otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 

Our charter provides that the shares of
our capital stock that, if transferred, would: (1) result in a violation of the 9.8 ownership limits; (2) result in us being closely
held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code; (3) cause us to own 9.8 or more of the ownership
interests in a tenant of our real property or the real property of our operating partnership or any direct or indirect subsidiary
of our operating partnership; or (4) otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT, will be transferred automatically to a trust
effective on the day before the purported transfer of such shares of our capital stock. We will designate a trustee of the trust
that will not be affiliated with us or the purported transferee or record holder. We will also name a charitable organization as
beneficiary of the trust. The trustee will receive all distributions on the shares of our capital stock in the trust and will hold
such distributions in trust for the benefit of the beneficiary. The trustee also will vote the shares of capital stock in the trust
and, subject to Maryland law, will have the authority to rescind as void any vote cast by the intended transferee prior to our
discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust and to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee
acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the
trustee will not have the authority to rescind and recast the vote. The intended transferee will acquire no rights in such shares
of capital stock, unless, in the case of a transfer that would cause a violation of the 9.8 ownership limits the transfer is exempted
(prospectively or retroactively) by our board of directors from the ownership limits based upon receipt of information (including
certain representations and undertakings from the intended transferee) that such transfer would not violate the provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code for our qualification as a REIT. If the transfer to the trust would not be effective for any reason to prevent
a violation of the foregoing limitations on ownership and transfer, then the transfer of that number of shares that otherwise would
cause the violation will be null and void, with the intended transferee acquiring no rights in such shares. In addition, our charter
provides that any transfer of shares of our capital stock that would result in shares of our capital stock being beneficially owned
by fewer than 100 persons will be null and void and the intended transferee will acquire no rights in such shares of our capital
stock. 

Within 20 days of receiving notice from
us that shares of our stock have been transferred to the trust, the trustee will sell the shares to a person designated by the
trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the above ownership limitations. Upon the sale, the interest of the charitable
beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the intended transferee
and to the charitable beneficiary as follows. The intended transferee will receive an amount equal to the lesser of (1) the price
paid by the intended transferee for the shares or, if the intended transferee did not give value for the shares in connection with
the event causing the shares to be held in the trust (e.g., a gift, devise or other similar transaction), the market price 
(as defined in our charter) of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the trust and (2) the price
received by the trustee from the sale or other disposition of the shares. The trustee may reduce the amount payable to the intended
transferee by the amount of dividends and other distributions which have been paid to the intended transferee and are owed by the
intended transferee to the trustee. Any net sale proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the intended transferee will be paid
immediately to the charitable beneficiary. If, prior to our discovery that shares have been transferred to the trust, the shares
are sold by the intended transferee, then (1) the shares will be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and (2) to the
extent that the intended transferee received an amount for the shares that exceeds the amount described above that such intended
transferee was entitled to receive, such excess will be paid to the trustee upon demand. 

In addition, shares of our stock held in
the trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (1)
the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the market
price at the time of the devise or gift) and (2) the market price on the date we, or our designee, accept the offer. We will have
the right to accept the offer until the trustee has sold the shares. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiary
in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the intended transferee. We may
reduce the amount payable to the intended transferee by the amount of dividends and other distributions which have been paid to
the intended transferee and are owed by the intended transferee to the trustee. We may pay the amount of such reduction to the
trustee for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. 

Any person who acquires or attempts or
intends to acquire shares of our capital stock in violation of the foregoing restrictions or who owns shares of our capital stock
that were transferred to any such trust is required to give immediate written notice to us or, in the case of a proposed or attempted
transaction, at least 15 days prior written notice. In both cases, such persons must provide to us such other information
as we may request to determine the effect, if any, of such event on our status as a REIT. The foregoing restrictions will continue
to apply until our board of directors determines it is no longer in our best interest to attempt to, or to continue to qualify
as a REIT or that compliance is no longer required in order for REIT qualification. 

The ownership limits do not apply to a
person or persons that our board of directors exempts (prospectively or retroactively) from the ownership limits upon appropriate
assurances that our qualification as a REIT is not jeopardized. Any person who owns more than 5.0 (or such lower percentage applicable
under Treasury Regulations) of the outstanding shares of our capital stock during any taxable year will be asked to deliver a statement
or affidavit setting forth the number of shares of our capital stock beneficially owned. 

Distributions 

Our board of directors first authorized
a distribution in July 2015, and we paid our first distribution in August 2015. We expect to continue paying monthly distributions
unless our results of operations, our general financial condition, the general economic condition or other factors prohibit us
from doing so. The timing and amount of distributions will be determined by our board of directors in its discretion and may vary
from time to time. In connection with a distribution to our stockholders, our board of directors intends to authorize a monthly
distribution for a certain dollar amount per share of our common stock. We will then calculate each stockholder s specific
distribution amount for the month using daily record and declaration dates. Each stockholder s distributions will begin to
accrue on the date we accept such stockholder s subscription for shares of our common stock. 

Distributions will be made on all classes
of our common stock at the same time. As of January 16, 2018, our advisor assumed the obligation to pay all ongoing stockholder
servicing fees with respect to our Class T shares. Accordingly, going forward, we anticipate that holders of our Class A shares,
Class I shares and Class T shares will receive the same amount of distributions per share regardless of share class. Prior to January
16, 2018, holders of our Class T shares received lower per share distributions because of the ongoing stockholder servicing fees
associated with such share classes, which were paid by us and deducted from the distribution amounts payable to our stockholders
on such shares. 

We are required to make distributions sufficient
to satisfy the requirements for qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Generally, income distributed will not
be taxable to us under the Internal Revenue Code if we distribute at least 90 of our taxable income each year (computed without
regard to the distributions paid deduction and our net capital gain). Distributions will be authorized at the discretion of our
board of directors and declared by us, in accordance with our earnings, cash flow and general financial condition. Our board of
directors discretion will be directed, in substantial part, by its obligation to cause us to comply with the REIT requirements.
Because we may receive income from interest or rents at various times during our fiscal year, distributions may not reflect our
income earned in that particular distribution period and may be made in advance of actual receipt of funds in an attempt to make
distributions relatively uniform. We are authorized to borrow money, issue new securities or sell assets to make distributions.
There are no restrictions on the ability of our operating partnership to transfer funds to us. 

Distributions in kind shall not be permitted,
except for (1) distributions of readily marketable securities, (2) distributions of beneficial interests in a liquidating trust
established for our dissolution and the liquidation of our assets in accordance with the terms of our charter or (3) distributions
for which our board of directors advises each stockholder of the risks associated with direct ownership of the property, our board
of directors offers each stockholder the election of receiving such in-kind distributions and in-kind distributions are made only
to those stockholders that accept such offer. The receipt of marketable securities in lieu of cash distributions may cause stockholders
to incur transaction expenses in liquidating the securities. We do not have any current intention to list our shares of our common
stock on a national securities exchange, nor is it expected that a public market for our shares of common stock will develop. 

We can give no assurance that we will pay
distributions solely from our cash flow from operations in the future, especially during the period when we are raising capital
and have not yet acquired a substantial portfolio of income-producing investments. Our long-term policy will be to pay distributions
from cash flow from operations. However, distributions paid during the early stages of our offering and before we have acquired
a substantial portfolio of real estate assets have been, and may continue to be, funded primarily from offering proceeds. Our organizational
documents permit us to pay distributions from any source, including loans, our advisor s deferral of fees and expense reimbursements
and offering proceeds. We have not established a limit on the amount of proceeds we may use from the sale of our stock to fund
distributions. If we pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, we will have fewer funds available for
investments and a stockholder s overall return on its investment in us will be reduced. 

On March 24, 2020, in response to the COVID-19
pandemic, our board of directors approved the suspension of the payment of distributions to our stockholders, effective immediately. 

Distribution Reinvestment Plan 

Pursuant to our distribution reinvestment
plan stockholders may elect to have the cash distributions they receive reinvested in shares of our common stock at a price equal
to the most recently determined estimated NAV per share for such class of common stock. 

Stockholders may elect to participate in
the distribution reinvestment plan by completing the subscription agreement, the enrollment form or by other written notice to
the plan administrator. Participation in the plan will begin with the next distribution made after acceptance of a participant s
written notice. Participation in the plan may be terminated with respect to any person to the extent that a reinvestment of distributions
in shares of our common stock would cause the share ownership limitations contained in our charter to be violated. Following any
termination of our distribution reinvestment plan, all subsequent distributions to stockholders would be made in cash. No selling
commissions or dealer manager fees are payable on shares sold through our distribution reinvestment plan. 

Stockholders who elect to participate in
the distribution reinvestment plan, and who are subject to United States federal income taxation laws, will incur a tax liability
on an amount equal to the fair value on the relevant distribution date of the shares of our common stock purchased with reinvested
distributions, even though such stockholders have elected not to receive the distributions used to purchase those shares of common
stock in cash. The tax consequences of participating in our distribution reinvestment plan will vary depending upon each participant s
particular circumstances, and stockholders are urged to consult their own tax advisor regarding the specific tax consequences of
participation in the distribution reinvestment plan. 

All material information regarding the
distributions to stockholders and the effect of reinvesting the distributions, including tax consequences, will be provided to
our stockholders at least annually. Each stockholder participating in the distribution reinvestment plan will have an opportunity
to withdraw from the plan at least annually after receiving this information. 

Our board of directors may amend, suspend
or terminate the distribution reinvestment plan at its discretion at any time upon ten days notice to our stockholders.
On March 24, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our board of directors approved the termination of our distribution reinvestment
plan, effective as of April 6, 2020. 

Share Repurchase Program 

Our share repurchase program may provide
an opportunity for our stockholders to have shares of our common stock repurchased, subject to certain restrictions and limitations,
at a price equal to or at a discount from the current offering price per share for the particular class of shares being repurchased.
No shares can be repurchased under our share repurchase program until after the first anniversary of the date of purchase of such
shares; provided, however , that this holding period will not apply to repurchases requested within two years after the death
or qualifying disability of a stockholder. Other than with respect to shares being repurchased in connection with a stockholder s
death or qualifying disability (as described below), we will repurchase shares under our share repurchase program for the lesser
of the price paid for the shares by the stockholders whose shares are being repurchased or 95 of the then-current estimated NAV
per share for the applicable share class, as determined by our board of directors. 

Repurchase requests made within two years
of death or qualifying disability of a stockholder will be repurchased at a price equal to the purchase price paid
by such deceased or disabled stockholder for such shares or, in the case of repurchases following the conclusion of our public
offering, at a price based upon our current estimated NAV per share and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant.
Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, shall make the determination of whether a stockholder has a qualifying disability
after receiving written notice from the stockholder. Generally, our board of directors will consider a stockholder to have a qualifying
disability if the stockholder is (1) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable
physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not
less than 12 months, or (2) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to
result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits
for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the stockholder s employees.
We must receive written notice within 180 days after such stockholder s qualifying disability. 

We are not obligated to repurchase shares
of our common stock under the share repurchase program. Notwithstanding the procedures discussed below, our board of directors
may, in its sole discretion, accept or reject any share repurchase request made by any stockholder at any time. 

To the extent we determine to accept share
repurchase requests from our stockholders, repurchase of shares of our common stock will be made quarterly upon written request
to us at least 15 days prior to the end of the applicable quarter. Repurchase requests will be honored approximately 30 days following
the end of the applicable quarter. We refer to the last day of the applicable quarter as the repurchase date. Stockholders
may withdraw their repurchase request at any time up to three business days prior to the repurchase date. 

We cannot guarantee that the funds set
aside for the share repurchase program will be sufficient to accommodate all requests made in any quarter. In the event that we
do not have sufficient funds available to repurchase all of the shares of our common stock for which repurchase requests have been
submitted in any quarter, we plan to repurchase the shares of our common stock on a pro rata basis on the repurchase date. In addition,
if we repurchase less than all of the shares subject to a repurchase request in any quarter, with respect to any unrepurchased
shares, a stockholder can (1) withdraw its request for repurchase or (2) ask that we honor the request in a future quarter, if
any, when such repurchases can be made pursuant to the limitations of the share repurchase when sufficient funds are available.
Such pending requests will be honored on a pro rata basis. 

To the extent our board of directors determines
to accept share repurchase requests from our stockholders, we presently intend to limit the number of shares to be repurchased
during any calendar year to the lesser of (1) 5.0 of the weighted average number of shares of our common stock outstanding during
the prior calendar year and (2) the number of shares of our common stock that could be repurchased with the net proceeds from the
sale of shares under the distribution reinvestment plan in the prior calendar year plus such additional funds as may be reserved
for share repurchase by our board of directors. Shares subject to a repurchase request upon the death of a stockholder will be
included in calculating the maximum number of shares that may be repurchased; however, the volume limitation will not apply to
repurchases upon the death of a stockholder. There is no fee in connection with a repurchase of shares of our common stock. 

The aggregate amount of repurchases under
our share repurchase program is not expected to exceed the aggregate proceeds received from the sale of shares pursuant to our
distribution reinvestment plan. However, to the extent that the aggregate proceeds received from the sale of shares pursuant to
our distribution reinvestment plan are not sufficient to fund repurchase requests pursuant to the limitations outlined above, our
board of directors may, in its sole discretion, choose to use other sources of funds to repurchase shares of our common stock.
Such sources of funds could include cash on hand, cash available from borrowings and cash from liquidations of securities investments
as of the end of the applicable month, to the extent that such funds are not otherwise dedicated to a particular use, such as working
capital, cash distributions to stockholders or purchases of real estate assets. If funds available for our share repurchase program
are not sufficient to accommodate all requests, shares will be repurchased as follows: first, pro rata as to repurchases upon the
death or disability of a stockholder; next pro rata as to repurchases to stockholders subject to a mandatory distribution requirement
under such stockholder s IRA; and, finally, pro rata as to all other repurchase requests. 

In addition, the board of directors may,
in its sole discretion, amend, suspend, or terminate the share repurchase program at any time if it determines that the funds available
to fund the share repurchase program are needed for other business or operational purposes or that amendment, suspension or termination
of the share repurchase program is in the best interest of our stockholders. If the board of directors decides to amend, suspend
or terminate the share repurchase program, we will provide stockholders with no less than 10 days prior written notice,
which notice may be provided (a) in a current report on Form 8-K or in our annual or quarterly reports, as publicly filed or furnished
with the SEC, or (b) in a separate mailing to our stockholders. Therefore, a stockholder may not have the opportunity to make a
repurchase request prior to any potential termination of our share repurchase program. 

On March 24, 2020, in response to the COVID-19
pandemic, our board of directors approved the suspension of our share repurchase program, effective as of April 6, 2020. 

Business Combinations 

Under the MGCL, business combinations between
a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or the interested stockholder s affiliate are prohibited for five years
after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. For this purpose, the term business
combinations includes mergers, consolidations, share exchanges or, in circumstances specified in the MGCL, asset transfers
and issuances or reclassifications of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined for this purpose as:
(1) any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding
voting stock; or (2) an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date
in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock
of the corporation. A person is not an interested stockholder under the MGCL if the board of directors approved in advance the
transaction by which the person otherwise would become an interested stockholder. However, in approving the transaction, the board
of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of the approval, with any terms and conditions
determined by the board of directors. 

After the five-year prohibition, any such
business combination between the corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors
of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: (1) 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding
shares of voting stock of the corporation and (2) two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the
corporation other than shares of stock held by the interested stockholder or its affiliate with whom the business combination is
to be effected, or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder, voting together as a single voting group. 

These super majority vote requirements
do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under the MGCL, for their shares
of common stock in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for
its shares of common stock. 

None of these provisions of the MGCL will
apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by the board of directors of the corporation prior to the
time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to the business combination statute, our board
of directors has exempted any business combination involving us and any person. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the
super majority vote requirements will not apply to business combinations between us and any person. As a result, any person may
be able to enter into business combinations with us that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders, without compliance
with the super majority vote requirements and other provisions of the statute. 

Should our board of directors opt into
the business combination statute in the future, it may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the
difficulty of consummating any offer. 

Business Combination with Our Advisor 

Many REITs that are listed on a national
securities exchange or included for quotation on an over-the-counter market are self-administered, which means that they employ
persons or agents to perform all significant management functions. The costs to perform these management functions are internal,
rather than external, and no third-party fees, such as advisory fees, are paid by the REIT. We will consider becoming a self-administered
REIT once our assets and income are, in our board of directors view, of sufficient size such that internalizing some or
all of the management functions performed by our advisor is in our best interests and in the best interests of our stockholders. 

If our board of directors should make this
determination in the future and seeks to pursue internalizing our management functions through a business combination with our
advisor, or by hiring our advisor s personnel, our board of directors will form a special committee comprised entirely of
our independent directors to consider and evaluate any such transaction. Unless and until definitive documentation is executed,
we will not be obligated to complete a business combination with our advisor. Pursuant to the advisory agreement, we are not allowed
to solicit or hire any of our advisor s personnel without our advisor s prior written consent for a one-year period
following the termination of the advisory agreement. 

We do not intend to pay any compensation
or other remuneration to our advisor or its affiliates in connection with any internalization transaction. Subject to the approval
of our board of directors, to the extent our advisor or our sponsor performs substantial services or incurs costs in connection
with the internalization, we intend to pay our advisor or our sponsor for such services and reimburse our sponsor and its affiliates
for any and all costs and expenses reasonably associated with the internalization. 

Control Share Acquisitions 

The MGCL provides that control shares of
a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of
at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares of common stock owned by the acquiror, by officers or
by employees who are directors of the corporation are not entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting
shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or with respect to which the acquiror
has the right to vote or to direct the voting of, other than solely by virtue of a revocable proxy, would entitle the acquiror
to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting powers: 

one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 

one-third or more but less than a majority; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

Control shares do not include shares of
stock the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired
directly from the corporation. Except as otherwise specified in the statute, a control share acquisition means the
acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares. Once a person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition
has undertaken to pay expenses and has satisfied other required conditions, the person may compel the board of directors to call
a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares of stock. If
no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. If voting rights
are not approved for the control shares at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement 
for the control shares as required by the statute, the corporation may repurchase any or all of the control shares for their fair
value, except for control shares for which voting rights have previously been approved. Fair value is to be determined for this
purpose without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, and is to be determined as of the date of the last
control share acquisition or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights for control shares are considered and not
approved. 

If voting rights for control shares are
approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares of stock entitled
to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares of stock as determined for purposes
of these appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid in the control share acquisition. Some of the limitations
and restrictions otherwise applicable to the exercise of dissenters rights do not apply in the context of a control share acquisition. 

The control share acquisition statute does
not apply to shares of stock acquired in a merger or consolidation or on a stock exchange if the corporation is a party to the
transaction or to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. As permitted by the MGCL, we have
provided in our bylaws that the control share provisions of the MGCL will not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares
of our stock, but our board of directors retains the discretion to opt into these provisions in the future. 

Advance Notice of Director Nominations
and New Business 

Our bylaws provide that with respect to
an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to our board of directors and the proposal of business
to be considered by a stockholder may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of our
board of directors or (3) by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving the advance notice required
by our bylaws and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated
or on any such other business and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. With respect to special meetings
of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals
for election to our board of directors at a special meeting may be made only (1) by or at the direction of our board of directors
or (2) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with our bylaws for the purpose of electing directors, by
a stockholder who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving the advance notice required by our bylaws and at the time
of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with
the advance notice provisions of our bylaws. 

Subtitle 8 

Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL, or Subtitle
8, permits the board of directors of a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act
and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board
of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in its charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions: 

a classified board of directors; 

a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director; 

a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors; 

a requirement that vacancies on the board of directors be filled only by the remaining directors
and (if the board is classified) for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred; and 

a majority requirement for the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders. 

We have elected to provide that, at such
time as we are eligible to make a Subtitle 8 election, vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by the remaining
directors and for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred. Through provisions in our charter
and bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we vest in our board of directors the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships; provided
that the number is not fewer than three. We have not elected to be subject to the other provisions of Subtitle 8. 

Restrictions on Roll-Up Transactions 

In connection with any proposed roll-up
transaction (as defined below) involving us and the issuance of securities of an entity as defined below that would be created
or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction, an appraisal of all of our assets will be obtained
from a competent independent appraiser. In order to qualify as an independent appraiser for this purpose, the person or entity
must have no material current or prior business or personal relationship with our advisor or directors and must be engaged to a
substantial extent in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value of assets of the type held by us. If the appraisal
will be included in a prospectus used to offer the securities of a roll-up entity, the appraisal shall be filed with the SEC and,
if applicable, the states in which registration of such securities is sought as an exhibit to the registration statement for the
offering. Our assets will be appraised on a consistent basis, and the appraisal will be based on the evaluation of all relevant
information and will indicate the value of the assets as of a date immediately prior to the announcement of the proposed roll-up
transaction. The appraisal will assume an orderly liquidation of our assets over a 12-month period. The terms of the engagement
of the independent appraiser will clearly state that the engagement is for our benefit and the benefit of our stockholders. We
will include a summary of the appraisal, indicating all material assumptions underlying the appraisal, in a report to the stockholders
in connection with any proposed roll-up transaction. 

A roll-up transaction is
a transaction involving the acquisition, merger, conversion or consolidation, directly or indirectly, of us and the issuance of
securities of another entity, which we refer to as a roll-up entity, that would be created or would survive after
the successful completion of such transaction. The term roll-up transaction does not include: 

a transaction involving our securities that have been for at least 12 months listed on a national
securities exchange; or 

a transaction involving our conversion to a corporate, trust, or association form if, as a consequence
of the transaction, there will be no significant adverse change in any of the following: common stockholder voting rights; the
term of our existence; compensation to our advisor; or our investment objectives. 

In connection with a proposed roll-up transaction,
the person sponsoring the roll-up transaction must offer to stockholders who vote against the proposal the choice of: 

(1) accepting the securities of a roll-up entity offered in the proposed roll-up transaction; or 

(2) one of the following: 

(a) remaining as stockholders and preserving their interests in us on the same terms and conditions
as existed previously; or 

(b) receiving cash in an amount equal to the stockholder s pro rata share of the appraised value
of our net assets. 

We are prohibited from participating in
any proposed roll-up transaction 

that would result in common stockholders having voting rights in a roll-up entity that are less
than those provided in our charter, including rights with respect to the election and removal of directors, annual and special
meetings, amendment of our charter and our dissolution; 

that includes provisions that would operate as a material impediment to, or frustration of, the
accumulation of shares by any purchaser of the securities of the roll-up entity, except to the minimum extent necessary to preserve
the tax status of such roll-up entity, or which would limit the ability of an investor to exercise the voting rights of its securities
of the roll-up entity on the basis of the number of our shares held by that investor; 

in which our common stockholders rights to access the records of the roll-up entity will
be less than those provided for in our charter and described above in Meetings, Special Voting Requirements and Access
to Records; or 

in which we would bear any of the costs of the roll-up transaction if our common stockholders reject
the roll-up transaction. 

Reports to Stockholders 

Our charter requires that we prepare an
annual report and deliver it to our stockholders within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year. Among the matters that must
be included in the annual report are: 

financial statements that are prepared in accordance with GAAP and are audited by our independent
registered public accounting firm; 

the ratio of the costs of raising capital during the year to the capital raised; 

the aggregate amount of advisory fees and the aggregate amount of other fees paid to our advisor
and any affiliate of our advisor by us or third parties doing business with us during the year; 

our total operating expenses for the year, stated as a percentage of our average invested assets
and as a percentage of our net income; 

a report from the independent directors that our policies are in the best interests of our stockholders
and the basis for such determination; and 

separately stated, full disclosure of all material terms, factors and circumstances surrounding
any and all transactions involving us and our advisor, a director or any affiliate thereof during the year; and the independent
directors are specifically charged with a duty to examine and comment in the report on the fairness of the transactions. 

Under the Securities Act, we must update
this prospectus upon the occurrence of certain events, such as property acquisitions. We will file updated prospectuses and prospectus
supplements with the SEC. We are also subject to the informational reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and accordingly,
we will file annual reports, quarterly reports, proxy statements, when applicable, and other information with the SEC. In addition,
we will provide stockholders directly with periodic updates, including prospectuses, prospectus supplements, and annual and quarterly
reports. 

Stockholders may authorize us to provide
such periodic updates, electronically by so indicating on their subscription agreement, or by sending us instructions in writing
in a form acceptable to us to receive such periodic updates electronically. Unless a stockholder elects in writing to receive such
periodic updates electronically, all documents will be provided in paper form by mail. Stockholders must have internet access to
use electronic delivery. While we impose no additional charge for this service, there may be potential costs associated with electronic
delivery, such as online charges. The periodic updates will be available on our website. Stockholders may access and print all
periodic updates provided through this service. As periodic updates become available, we will notify stockholders by sending them
an e-mail message that will include instructions on how to retrieve the periodic updates. If our e-mail notification is returned
to us as undeliverable, we will contact stockholders to obtain their updated e-mail address. If we are unable to
obtain a valid e-mail address for a stockholder, we will resume sending a paper copy by regular U.S. mail to its address of record.
A stockholder may revoke their consent for electronic delivery at any time and we will resume sending such stockholder a paper
copy of all periodic updates. However, in order for us to be properly notified, a revocation must be given to us a reasonable time
before electronic delivery has commenced. We will provide stockholders with paper copies at any time upon request. Such request
will not constitute revocation of a prior consent to receive periodic updates electronically. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Moody National REIT II, Inc. 10-K 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Company 

MN Fort Worth Venture, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MN Lyndhurst Venture, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MN REIT II TRS, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National 1 Polito-Lyndhurst Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National 2020-Grapevine Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Austin-GOVR Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Austin-GOVR MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Broadway-Nashville Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Broadway-National MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National CY Lyndhurst MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Governors-Austin Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Governors-Austin MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National HP G-Town Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National HP G-Town MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National HP N-Charles Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National HP N-Charles MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National International-Fort Worth Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National International-Fort Worth MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Katy EC-Houston Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Katy EC-Houston MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Kirby-Houston Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Kirby-Houston MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Lancaster-Austin Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Lancaster-Austin MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Lancaster-Frazer Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Lancaster-Frazer MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Operating Partnership II, LP 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Research-Austin Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Research-Austin MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National RI Grapevine MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Wood-Hou Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Wood-Hou MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Yale-Seattle Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody National Yale-Seattle MT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Moody OP Holdings II, LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Moody National REIT II, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer Pursuant to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Brett C. Moody, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Moody National REIT II, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Brett C. Moody 

Brett C. Moody 

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and 
President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Moody National REIT II, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial
Officer Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Robert W. Engel, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Moody National REIT II, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Robert W. Engel 

Robert W. Engel 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Moody National REIT II, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (the
 Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, the Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, to his knowledge,
that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Brett C. Moody 

Brett C. Moody 

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Moody National REIT II, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Moody National REIT II, Inc. (the
 Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certifies, to
his knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Robert W. Engel 

Robert W. Engel 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mnrtii-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mnrtii-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mnrtii-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mnrtii-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

