<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1810560_0000950170-23-011000.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12040039</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>567933</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2132979</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5446571</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1657457</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2005859</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-011000.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330165130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-011000
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001810560
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				843898466
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39603
		FILM NUMBER:		23781400

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4660 LAJOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92122
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-800-3717

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4660 LAJOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Petra Acquisition Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200423

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-011000.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 revb-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

1 vavageord 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Redeemable warrants, each exercisable for a 1/35 th share of common stock at an exercise price of 402.50 per share 
 
 REVBW 
 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has fi led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 As of March 21, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 
 On January 10, 2022, Petra Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our predecessor company Petra ), consummated the business combination (the Business Combination ), pursuant to the terms of the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of August 29, 2021 (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among Petra, Petra Acquisition Merger, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Petra Merger Sub ), and Revelation Biosciences, Inc. Old Revelation ). Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, on the Closing Date, (i) Merger Sub merged with and into Old Revelation (the Merger ), with Old Revelation as the surviving company in the Merger, and, after giving effect to such Merger, Old Revelation was renamed Revelation Biosciences Sub, Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Petra Revelation Sub and (ii) Petra changed its name to Revelation Biosciences, Inc. Revelation or the Company f/k/a Petra Acquisition, Inc.). 
 
 Except where the context requires otherwise, references herein to Revelation refers to its operating subsidiary. 
 
 On January 30, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment of Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment reflecting the change in authorized shares of common stock from 100,000,000 to 500,000,000 and effecting a reverse stock split as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 1, 2023 with a ratio of 1-for-35 (the Reverse Split ). As a result of the Reverse Split, every 35 shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock automatically converted into one share of common stock, without any change in the par value per share. No fractional shares are outstanding following the Reverse Split. Any holder who would have received a fractional share of common stock automatically received an additional fraction of a share of common stock to round up to the next whole share. In addition, effective as of the same time as the Reverse Split, proportionate adjustments were made to all then-outstanding equity awards and warrants with respect to the number of shares of common stock subject to such award or warrant and the exercise price thereof. Furthermore, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the Company s equity incentive plans were proportionately adjusted for the Reverse Split ratio, such that fewer shares will be subject to such plans. All share numbers and preferred stock conversion numbers included herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Reverse Split. 

FREQUENTLY USED TERMS 
 
 References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise noted, we, us, our, Revelation and the Company refer to Revelation Biosciences, Inc. and its subsidiary. 
 
 In this document: 
 
 ACEII means Angiotensin Converting Enzyme II receptor. 
 
 AKI means acute kidney injury. 
 
 ANDA means abbreviated new drug application. 
 
 API means Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient. 
 
 ARDS means acute respiratory distress syndrome. 
 
 AUC means area under the curve. 
 
 BLA refers to the Biologics License Application. 
 
 BPCIA means the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009. 
 
 Business Combination means the business combination pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. 
 
 Business Combination Agreement means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 29, 2021, by and among Petra, Merger Sub and Old Revelation. 
 
 CCPA means California Consumer Privacy Act. 
 
 CDC means Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
 
 CDHS means California Department of Health Services. 
 
 CE means Conformit Europ enne. 
 
 Certificate of Amendment means the Certificate of Amendment of Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed January 30, 2023, reflecting the change in authorized shares of common stock from 100,000,000 to 500,000,000 and effecting a 1-35 reverse stock split as of 12:01 a.m. 
 
 Charter means Revelation s current third amended and restated certificate of incorporation as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 10, 2022 , including for references after January 30, 2023, the Certificate of Amendment. 
 
 CKD means chronic kidney disease. 
 
 Class A Common Stock Warrant means warrants issued as part of a private placement in January 2022 which are exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of 115.15 per share until July 25, 2027. 
 
 Class A Placement Agent Common Stock Warrant means warrants issued as part of a private placement in January 2022 which are exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of 115.15 per share until July 25, 2027. 
 
 Class B Common Stock Warrant means warrants issued as part of the July 2022 Public Offering which are exercisable for 1/35 of a share of common stock at an exercise price of 21.00 per share until July 28, 2027. 
 
 Class B Placement Agent Common Stock Warrant means warrants issued as part of the July 2022 Public Offering which are exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of 26.25 per share until July 25, 2027. 

Class C Common Stock Warrant means warrants issued as part of the February 2023 Public Offering which are exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of 5.36 per share until February 14, 2028. 
 
 CMS means Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services. 
 
 Common Stock means common stock of Revelation, 0.001 par value. 
 
 cGCP or GCP means the current Good Clinical Practices. 
 
 cGLP or GLP means the current Good Laboratory Practices. 
 
 cGMP or GMP means the current Good Manufacturing Practices. 
 
 CMO means contract manufacturing organization. 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 COPD means chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 
 
 CRO means contract research organization. 
 
 DAMP means damage-associated molecular patterns. 
 
 DGCL means the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
 DSMB means data safety monitoring board. 
 
 EEA means the European Economic Area. 
 
 ELISA means enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. 
 
 EMA means the European Medicines Agency. 
 
 EU means the European Union. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 FCA means the False Claims Act. 
 
 FDA means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. 
 
 FDASIA means Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act. 
 
 FD C Act means Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. 
 
 FINRA means Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. 
 
 GAAP refers to the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
 
 GDPR means the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679). 
 
 GLA means glucopyranosyl lipid A. 
 
 HAI means healthcare associated infection. 
 
 HHS means the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. 
 
 HIPAA means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. 

IDE means Investigational Device Exemption. 
 
 IFN means interferon. 
 
 IM means intramuscular. 
 
 IND means Investigational New Drug Application. 
 
 IPO means our initial public offering, which was consummated on October 13, 2020. 
 
 IRB means institutional review board. 
 
 IVD means in vitro diagnostic. 
 
 JOBS Act means the Jumpstart Our Business Startup Act of 2012, as amended. 
 
 July 2022 Public Offering means the Company s public offering pursuant to the registration statement filed on Form S-1, and subsequently amended (File No. 333-266108), that closed on July 28, 2022 in which it sold 238,096 shares of its common stock for a price of 21.00 per share, 8,333,334 Class B Common Stock Warrants and 16,667 Class B Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants. 
 
 February 2023 Public Offering means the Company s public offering pursuant to the registration statement filed on Form S-1, and subsequently amended (File No. 333-268576), that closed on February 13, 2023 in which it sold an aggregate of 2,888,600 shares of its Common Stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 336,400 shares of Common Stock and 6,450,000 Class C Common Stock Warrants, at a combined offering price of 4.83 per share of Common Stock and two Class C Common Stock Warrants, or 4.8299 per pre-funded warrant and two Class C Common Stock Warrants. 
 
 LOD means limit of detection. 
 
 LPS means a major component of gram-negative bacterial cell membrane, lipopolysaccharide. 
 
 MMID means mild to moderate influenza disease. 
 
 MPLA means monophosphoryl lipid A. 
 
 MRSA means methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus resistant infection. 
 
 Nasdaq means The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC. 
 
 Nasdaq Capital Market means The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC s Nasdaq Capital Market listing tier. 
 
 NASH means non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. 
 
 NDA means New Drug Application. 
 
 PAMP means pathogen-associated molecular patterns. 
 
 Petra means Petra Acquisition, Inc., our predecessor, prior to the Business Combination. 
 
 PCR means polymerase chain reaction. 
 
 PCT means 
 
 PHAD means phosphorylated hexaacyl disaccharide. 
 
 PMA means Premarket Approval Application. 
 
 Private Warrants means the warrants sold by Petra prior to its IPO. 

Program Products refers to Revelation s product candidates (REVTx-99b, REVTx-100, REVTx-200 and REVTx-300) and Revelation s diagnostic device program (REVDx-501). 
 
 Public Warrants means the warrants underlying the Units sold in the IPO. 
 
 QSR means Quality System Regulation. 
 
 DAMP means damage associated molecular pattern receptors. 
 
 Reverse Split means a 1-for-35 reverse stock split effective February 1, 2023. 
 
 REVDx-501 means Revelation s diagnostic device program. 
 
 REVTx-99a means Revelation s therapeutic product candidate that was being developed for the prevention and treatment of respiratory viral infections until June 2022. 
 
 REVTx-99b means Revelation s therapeutic product candidate being developed as a treatment for food allergies; and was being developed for prevention or treatment for chronic nasal congestion and allergic rhinitis until July 2022. 
 
 REVTx-100 means Revelation s therapeutic product candidate being developed for the prevention and treatment of infections. 
 
 REVTx-200 means Revelation s intranasal adjunct vaccine product candidate. 
 
 REVTx-300 means Revelation s therapeutic product candidate being developed as a treatment for chronic organ disease including CKD and NASH. 
 
 RSU means restricted stock unit. 
 
 SARS-CoV-2 means severe respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2. 
 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Sunshine Act means the Physician Payment Sunshine Act. 
 
 TEAEs means treatment emergent adverse events. 
 
 TLR means Toll-like receptors. 
 
 TLR-4 means Toll-like receptor 4. 
 
 Units means units of Petra issued in our IPO consisting of one share of Common Stock and one Public Warrant, which traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market with the ticker symbol REVBU until their mandatory separation on January 13, 2023. 
 
 USPTO means U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words anticipate , believe , expect , estimate , plan , outlook , and project and other similar expressions. We caution investors that forward-looking statements are based on management s expectations and are only predictions or statements of current expectations and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Revelation cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements: the ability of Revelation to meet its financial and strategic goals, due to, among other things, competition; the ability of Revelation to grow and manage growth profitability and retain its key employees; the possibility that the Revelation may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; risks relating to the successful development of Revelation s product candidates; the clinical utility of an increase in intranasal cytokine levels as a biomarker of viral infections; the ability to successfully complete planned clinical studies of its product candidates; the risk that we may not fully enroll our clinical studies or enrollment will take longer than expected; risks relating to the occurrence of adverse safety events and/or unexpected concerns that may arise from data or analysis from our clinical studies; changes in applicable laws or regulations; expected initiation of the clinical studies, the timing of clinical data; the outcome of the clinical data, including whether the results of such study is positive or whether it can be replicated; the outcome of data collected, including whether the results of such data and/or correlation can be replicated; the timing, costs, conduct and outcome of our other clinical studies; the anticipated treatment of future clinical data by the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory authorities, including whether such data will be sufficient for approval; the success of future development activities for REVTx-99a, REVTx-99b, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-300, REVDx-501, or any other product candidates; potential indications for which product candidates may be developed; the potential impact that COVID-19 may have on Revelation s suppliers, vendors, regulatory agencies, employees and the global economy as a whole; the ability of Revelation to maintain the listing of its securities on NASDAQ; investor sentiment relating to SPAC related going public transactions; the expected duration over which Revelation s balances will fund its operations; and other risks and uncertainties described herein, as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed from time to time in other reports and other public filings with the SEC by Revelation. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 

We have a limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale. We have incurred net losses since our inception, we anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and even if we were to generate revenue, we may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

Risks Related to the Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization of Our Program Products and Product Candidates 

If preclinical studies or clinical studies for our Program Products are unsuccessful or delayed, we will be unable to meet our future development goals. 

The results of prior preclinical or clinical studies are not necessarily predictive of our future results. 

The Clinical Studies of our Program Products have been and are planned to be conducted outside the United States, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such studies. 

Our Program Products and the administration of our Program Products may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 

Our business depends on the success of our Program Products, including obtaining regulatory approval to market our product candidates in the United States and/or other major foreign markets such as the European Union. 

i 

Even if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, our products and business will remain subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and review. 

Legislative or regulatory healthcare reforms in the United States or other countries may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory clearance or approval of our Program Products and to produce, market and distribute our Program Products after clearance or approval is obtained. 

We face intense competition in an environment of rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may develop products and drug delivery systems that are similar, more advanced or more effective than ours, which may adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to successfully market or commercialize our Program Products. 

Risks Related to our Reliance on Third Parties 

We rely on third parties to conduct certain elements of our preclinical and clinical studies and perform other tasks for us. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our Program Products. 

We rely on third parties to manufacture the raw materials, including the active pharmaceutical ingredients that we use to create our therapeutic product candidate, and to manufacture the diagnostic devices, including the antibodies used for testing. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If we are unable to obtain and maintain effective patent rights for our product candidates or any future product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets or know-how, such proprietary information may be used by others to compete against us. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

We may not have sufficient patent lifespan to effectively protect our products and business. 

If we are unable to maintain effective proprietary rights for our Program Products or any future product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. 

Risks Related to Our Business Operations 

Our future success depends in part on our ability to retain our senior management team, directors and other key employees and to attract, retain and motivate other qualified personnel. 

Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Program Products and Product Candidates 

As we evolve from a company that is primarily involved in clinical development to a company that is also involved in commercialization, we may encounter difficulties in expanding our operations successfully. 

We may seek to establish commercial collaborations for our Program Products and future product candidates, and, if we are not able to establish them on commercially reasonable terms, we may have to alter our development plans. 

We currently have no Program Products approved for marketing. We do not have a marketing and sales organization. If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our Program Products, we may be unable to generate any product revenue. 

ii 

It may be difficult for us to profitably sell our Program Products, if and when approved, if coverage and reimbursement for these Program Products are limited by government authorities and/or third-party payor policies. 

We face the risk of product liability claims and may not be able to obtain insurance. 

Our insurance policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 

General Risk Factors 
 
 We are subject to several other risks of which other public companies are subject, including without limitation, the volatility of our Common Stock price; our ability to comply with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standards; and our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls. 
 
 iii 
 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 36 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 72 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 72 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 72 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 73 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 73 

Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 74 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 75 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 84 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 84 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 84 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 84 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 86 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 87 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 87 

Item 11. 
 Executive Officer and Director Compensation 
 92 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 94 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 96 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 98 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 99 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 101 

iv 
 
 PART I 
 
 References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise noted, we, us, our, Revelation and the Company refer to Revelation Biosciences, Inc. and its subsidiary. 
 
 Item 1. Business. 

Overview 
 
 Revelation is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company founded in May 2020. We are focused on the development or commercialization of innate immune system therapeutics and diagnostics. On January 10, 2022, we consummated our previously announced Business Combination. Prior to the Business Combination, Petra was a blank check company incorporated under the laws of Delaware for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses. In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, Petra changed its name to Revelation Biosciences, Inc. Our Common Stock is listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol REVB and Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol REVBW. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Change in Authorized Shares and Reverse Stock Split 
 
 On January 30, 2023, at a special meeting of stockholders, our stockholders approved a Certificate of Amendment to our Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to change the authorized common stock from 100,000,000 to 500,000,000 shares and effect a reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock at a specific ratio within a range of one-for-twenty (1-for-20) to a maximum of a one-for-one hundred (1-for-100) split. Additionally, on January 30, 2023, we filed the Certificate of Amendment which set the authorized common stock to 500,000,000 and effected a 1-for-35 reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 1, 2023. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 Our current product candidates are being developed by Revelation to potentially modulate the activity of the immune system through stimulation of TLR-4. Our current programs consist of: REVTx-300, which is being developed as a potential therapy for the prevention and treatment of acute organ injury (e.g. AKI, MI) and chronic organ disease including CKD; REVTx-100, which is being developed for the prevention and treatment of infections including healthcare-associated bacterial infection resulting from surgery, severe burns, and antibiotic resistance; REVTx-200, which is being developed as a potential intranasal therapy that will be administered concurrently with a traditional commercially available IM vaccine and REVTx-99b, which is being developed as a potential treatment for food allergies. 
 
 REVTx-99a was being developed for the prevention or treatment of a wide array of viral infections and REVTx-99b was being developed as a prevention or treatment for chronic nasal congestion and allergic rhinitis until July of 2022. Our diagnostic, REVDx-501 (REVID TM Rapid Test Kit), was being developed as a rapid point of care diagnostic that can be used to detect IP-10 as a surrogate biomarker for any type of respiratory infection, without the need for specialized instrumentation. 
 
 Our Pipeline 
 
 Revelation is currently leveraging the human body s innate immune response to develop therapeutics to prevent and treat disease. Revelation s pipeline is summarized in the table below: 
 
 1 

The Therapeutic Platform 
 
 Our current therapeutic candidates are all based on the active ingredient PHAD , a synthetic version of MPLA, that is known to stimulate TLR-4. Stimulation of TLR-4 leads to the production of multiple types of cytokines and chemokines which modulate the activity of the innate and adaptive immune response. Modulated activities may include stimulation and recruitment of infection fighting immune cells, down-regulation of inflammation, and/or upregulation of inflammation depending on the degree and nature of the stimulation which enables the multiple potential product candidates in development. 
 
 REVTx-300 
 
 REVTx-300 is being developed as a potential therapy for the prevention of acute organ injury such as AKI and as a treatment of chronic organ disease including CKD. Acute organ injury may be caused by many different events, including blood or fluid loss (such as with bleeding or severe diarrhea), low blood pressure or shock leading to hypotension, heart failure or heart attack, overuse of certain pain medications including NSAIDs, ibuprofen, etc., toxicity due to chemotherapy, contrast agents, etc., burns, or major surgery. During surgery, ischemia or deprivation of blood supply to a tissue followed by the reperfusion or re-introduction of blood to prevent tissue necrosis can result in further damage and/or dysfunction to the organ. Chronic disease of an organ, due to chronic inflammation and subsequent fibrosis, follows a pattern of perpetual and ongoing destruction of living functional cells and subsequent replacement by the non-functional protein, collagen, resulting in fibrosis (scar tissue) (Wilson 2015). The establishment of fibrosis and subsequent death of the organ is driven by ongoing inflammatory processes and reactive oxygen species associated with the innate immune response. We believe redirection of the innate immune response with REVTx-300 from a pro-inflammatory state to an anti-inflammatory (protective) state may rebalance the innate immune response to slow down or halt the progressive destruction and scarring of organ tissue, allowing the healing process to take place. 
 
 Revelation conducted a nonclinical study to evaluate the anti-fibrotic activity of REVTx-300. Specifically, a range of daily systemic dosing levels of REVTx-300 were tested in a rat Unilateral Ureteral Obstruction model. The unilateral ureteral obstruction (UUO) model is appropriate for studying the anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic effects of potential new therapies for acute and chronic kidney disease as complete ureteral obstruction of one kidney results in significant inflammation and subsequent fibrosis of the affected kidney over a 7-day period. 
 
 The present study consisted of 6 groups with the following outcomes on renal cortical fibrosis as measured by detection of collagen deposition using picosirius red stained histology sections assessed at three different sampling depths. 

Group 1 animals had no UUO surgery and received vehicle only (collagen deposition: 2.36 0.44 ). 

Group 2 animals had UUO surgery and received vehicle only (collagen deposition: 4.88 0.51 ). 

2 

Group 3 animals had UUO surgery and received SB-525334, a known TGF- inhibitor of fibrosis (collagen deposition: 3.02 0.37 , 75 reduction vs Group 2 minus background from group 1, p 

Group 4 animals had UUO surgery and received 0.1 mg/kg REVTx-300 (collagen deposition: 4.96 0.95 , 1 reduction vs Group 2 minus background from group 1). 

Group 5 animals had UUO surgery and received 0.3 mg/kg REVTx-300 (collagen deposition: 3.82 0.91 , 44 reduction vs Group 2 minus background from group 1, p 

Group 6 animals had UUO surgery and received 0.9 mg/kg REVTx-300 (collagen deposition: 3.45 0.54 , 58 reduction vs Group 2 minus background from group 1, p 

Revelation will continue evaluating the potential of REVTx-300 in additional preclinical models including AKI, CKD, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and myocarditis to identify optimal dosing conditions required for prevention and resolution of inflammation and fibrosis. 
 
 Revelation plans to initiate a Phase 1a clinical study in the second half of 2023 in healthy volunteers to evaluate the safety of systemically delivered REVTx-300, and investigate biomarkers to elucidate the pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic relationship. For efficiency, this phase 1a clinical study will be the same one conducted for REVTx-100. This study will be followed by a Phase 1b study in patients to further evaluate the safety and activity of REVTx-300 in preparation for Phase 2. 
 
 REVTx-100 
 
 REVTx-100 is being developed, through a license agreement with Vanderbilt University, as a potential therapy for the prevention or treatment of healthcare-associated bacterial infection including post-surgical infection, post-burn infection, urinary tract infection (e.g. as a result of hospital-based or outpatient catheterization), sepsis, antibiotic-resistant infection, etc. We hypothesize controlled stimulation of TLR-4 will selectively prime the body s immune system to be able to better respond to subsequent pathogen exposure. 
 
 Multiple preclinical studies have shown that systemic pretreatment with PHAD results in significantly increased immune response leading to significantly reduced duration and severity of infection following bacterial challenge with either gram-positive or gram-negative bacteria. 
 
 Revelation plans to initiate a Phase 1a clinical study in the second half of 2023 in healthy volunteers to evaluate the safety of systemically delivered REVTx-100 and investigate biomarkers to elucidate the pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic relationship. The Phase 1a study will be followed by a phase 1b study in patients undergoing colorectal surgery to establish proof-of-concept in preparation for phase 2. 
 
 REVTx-200 
 
 REVTx-200 is being developed as a potential intranasal therapy that will be administered concurrently with a commercially available traditional IM vaccine. We believe concurrent stimulation of the nasal mucosa with REVTx-200 upon IM vaccination may provide a more complete immunization. 
 
 We believe optimal protection from a vaccine requires both a systemic immune response elicited by the IM vaccine injection and a mucosal immune response elicited by the intranasal administration of REVTx-200. We hypothesize that intranasal administration of REVTx-200 will result in improved recruitment of vaccine-specific activated adaptive immune cells (e.g. T cells and B cells) into the nasal mucosa. Biomarker data from our Phase 1 clinical study (RVL-NHV01) and Phase 2 virus challenge study (RVL-VRL01) supports this hypothesis. In particular, we were able to see increases in local (intranasal) IL-7 and MCP-1, as well as increased titers of antibodies specific to the viral challenge pathogen. 
 
 3 
 
 The adjuvant activity attributed to REVTx-200 will likely benefit a number of vaccines by increasing mucosal immunity. For this reason, it can be paired with a variety of potential vaccine products. We plan to establish relationships with vaccine product development companies with the intention of working with one or more of these companies to develop REVTx-200. Initial development will include studying REVTx-200 using commercially available IM vaccines in nonclinical models unique to each potential partnering company. Initial clinical studies will likely evaluate the potential of REVTx-200 to improve the performance of influenza or SARS-CoV-2 vaccinations. 
 
 Since REVTx-200 will be used in combination with a traditional vaccine, and based on feedback from the FDA, we believe REVTx-200 will be regulated as a biologic, and the approval process will require its own unique development pathway. 
 
 REVTx-99b for Food Allergies 
 
 REVTx-99b is being developed as a treatment for food allergies. According to research performed by the Food Allergy Research Education group, approximately 11 of adults in the United States have one or more food allergies with different levels of severity (FARE 2020). Most food allergies are diagnosed early in life and sometimes resolve over time, while other allergies develop later in life. 
 
 As a Type I hypersensitivity, food allergies induce a Th2-biased response, resulting in allergen-specific IgE antibodies, which bind to mast cell and basophil receptors upon challenge with antigen, resulting in degranulation and release of inflammatory mediators (e.g., histamine, leukotrienes, tryptase) (Bousquet 2020). Systemic responses, e.g., anaphylaxis, may also occur within minutes or hours post-challenge. Accordingly, there remains a significant need for effective therapies for treating and preventing allergic disease. 
 
 REVTx-99b potentially engages three different aspects of the allergic response via stimulation of the TLR-4 pathway. These include (i) the possible induction of a physical barrier to allergens, (ii) the possible reduction of IgE secretion as a result of IFN upregulation and (iii) by secretion of IP-10 which competes for the native eotaxin receptor. 
 
 Revelation intends to explore the potential for treatment of food allergies with REVTx-99b in several preclinical models, minimally including an anaphylaxis model, in which administration of allergen will be followed by treatment with multiple dose levels of intranasal REVTx-99b. Resolution of symptoms will be assessed through the evaluation of local and systemic allergic endpoints including IgE and/or IgG4 titers, tryptase, histamine, and eotaxin levels. 
 
 REVTx-99a for Prevention of Viral infection and REVTx-99b for Allergic Rhinitis 
 
 REVTx-99a was being developed as a broad anti-viral nasal drop solution for the potential prevention or treatment of respiratory viral infection until June of 2022. We conducted a Phase 1 study in 2020 and Phase 2b study, on March 30, 2022 we announced that the primary endpoint of the Phase 2b study, reduction in AUC of viral load measured by RT-PCR from nasopharyngeal swabs, did not meet statistical significance. We received the full data package during the second quarter of 2022 and have determined to stop all future clinical development of REVTx-99a. 
 
 REVTx-99b was being developed as a prevention or treatment for chronic nasal congestion and allergic rhinitis until July of 2022. We conducted a Phase 1b allergen challenge study and on July 22, 2022 we announced that the primary endpoint to evaluate the effects of REVTx-99b versus placebo on safety and tolerability was met but exploratory endpoints for efficacy were not met. This includes no reduction in allergy symptoms (Total Nasal Symptom Score) and no increase in peak nasal inspiratory flow versus placebo. We have determined to stop all future clinical development of REVTx-99b for this indication. 
 
 REVDx-501 
 
 Our diagnostic, REVDx-501 (REVID TM Rapid Test Kit) is being developed as a rapid point of care in vitro diagnostic test (or diagnostic device) that has the potential to detect IP-10 as a surrogate marker of respiratory viral infections including SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A, Influenza B, Parainfluenza, or Respiratory syncytial virus. REVDx-501 is currently being developed as a point of care test kit with a simple to read visual readout which provides a result 
 4 
 
 in less than 15 minutes without the need for specialized instrumentation. Preliminary evaluation of clinical samples demonstrated good correlation between REVID and PCR for SARS-CoV-2 (100 positive agreement for replicating SARS-CoV-2 virus, 86 negative agreement for non-replicating or inactive SARS-CoV-2 virus). We have suspended development of REVTx-501 at this time to focus our resources on development of our therapeutic candidates. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 Our goal is to become a leading biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of therapeutics that modulate the immune system to prevent and treat conditions with significant unmet. The key components of our strategy are to: 

Advance the development of REVTx-300 for the prevention of acute organ injury (including AKI) an treatment of chronic organ disease (including CKD). 

Advance the development of REVTx-100 for the prevention and treatment of healthcare associated infection. 

Advance the development of our intranasal product candidate, REVTx-200 for improving the immunity and durability of traditional IM vaccinations. 

Advance the development of our intranasal product candidate, REVTx-99b for the treatment of food allergies. 

Our Corporate History and Team 
 
 Revelation Biosciences, Inc. was formed on May 4, 2020 and is a Delaware corporation. We have assembled a management team of biopharmaceutical experts with extensive experience in drug development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical products along with broad experience in building companies from inception, including La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company, Pluromed, Inc., and Horizon Pharma, Inc. We are also supported by a group of directors and leading investors whose collective experience will assist us in realizing our corporate strategy. 
 
 BACKGROUND 
 
 Infection Overview 
 
 Acute Organ Injury Overview 
 
 Acute organ injury may be caused by many different events, including blood or fluid loss (such as with bleeding or severe diarrhea), low blood pressure or shock leading to hypotension, heart failure or heart attack, overuse of certain pain medications including NSAIDs, ibuprofen, etc., toxicity due to chemotherapy, contrast agents, etc., burns, or major surgery. During surgery, ischemia or deprivation of blood supply to a tissue followed by the reperfusion or reintroduction of blood to prevent tissue necrosis can result in further damage and/or dysfunction to the organ. 
 
 AKI, also known as acute renal failure, is rapid loss of kidney function that onsets within a few hours or a few days. AKI causes a build-up of waste products in your blood and makes it hard for your kidneys to keep the right balance of fluid in your body. AKI can also affect other organs such as the brain, heart, and lungs. Due its severe nature, AKI an important contributor to increased hospital stay duration and patient morbidity as well as significantly increased healthcare costs. 
 
 AKI is a significant health problem that continues to grow especially in patients with co-existing conditions such as diabetes. Approximately 1 of all hospitalized patients having AKI upon admission. During all hospitalization, the approximate incidence rate of acute kidney injury is 2 to 5 . Development of AKI is even worse for patients admitted to the intensive care unit occurring in up to 67 of patients admitted. 
 
 5 
 
 AKI can have many different causes including decreased blood flow to the kidneys, direct damage to the kidneys or blockage of the kidney. AKI inducing events may include shock (low blood pressure), blood or fluid loss (such as bleeding, severe diarrhea), heart attack, heart failure, and other conditions leading to decreased heart function, organ failure (e.g., heart, liver), overuse of pain medicines such as NSAIDs, severe allergic reactions, burns, injury, infection (sepsis), cancer, toxicity (e.g. chemotherapies), hereditary factors or major surgery. 
 
 AKI is of particular concern after cardiac surgery and published evidence suggests that even slight postoperative increases in serum creatinine levels are associated with a significant increase in the risk of death. Up to 31 of patients undergoing cardiac surgery with no prior CKD develop post operative AKI with a high mortality rate. The average cost to treat AKI is about 46,000 and results in about a 4-7 day increase in hospitalization time. 
 
 Chronic Organ Disease Overview 
 
 Organ damage, due to chronic disease, is a pervasive problem in the United States and world-wide. Organ disease (due to chronic inflammation and subsequent fibrosis, for example) is progressive and ultimately results in loss of function of the organ. Examples of chronic organ and tissue disease include CKD through end-stage renal disease, liver diseases such as NASH, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, pulmonary fibrotic disease, heart disease, pancreatitis, cancer, and irritable bowel syndrome. 
 
 In addition, acute organ stress may lead to reduced functionality and eventual decline, contributing to a chronic organ disease. One example of this is acute kidney toxicity (the stress) associated with platinum-based chemotherapy which could lead to the development of chronic kidney disease. 
 
 Kidney disease is a major public health problem, affecting ~10 of populations in industrialized countries. AKI, which affects 13.3 million people per year, may lead to CKD. Both AKI and CKD are increasing worldwide. Progression of chronic kidney damage often leads to end stage renal disease with the need for renal replacement therapy (dialysis or transplantation), resulting in significant morbidity and mortality for affected patients. 
 
 CKD can be initiated and propagated in several ways. One prevalent condition is the high blood sugar levels associated with diabetes (either Type 1 or Type 2). High blood sugar is toxic to kidney cells creating stress which imitates the inflammatory process leading to the demise of these cells with subsequent fibrosis ultimately resulting in continuous loss of kidney function over time. High arterial blood pressure is another source of stress that initiates the inflammatory process leading to CKD. Other risk factors include heart disease, obesity family history of CKD or older age. 
 
 Every day more than 360 people begin treatment for kidney failure (dialysis or transplant). According to the CDC, more than 1 in 7, that is 15 of US adults or 37 million people are estimated to have CKD. As many as 9 to 10 adults with CKD as well as about 2 in 5 adults with severe CKD do not know they have the disease. Kidney diseases are the leading cause of death in the United States. The CDC estimates Medicare costs in excess of 87 billion and continues to promote reduced costs including better management of CKD. 
 
 Other causes for CKD include: Glomerulonephritis (inflammation in the glomerulus), polycystic kidney disease, autoimmune diseases (such as systemic lupus erythematosus), vesicoureteral reflux (a condition where urine flows back up to the kidneys, pyelonephritis, interstitial nephritis (inflammation of the tubules), kidney stones, obstruction in kidney or cancer can lead to kidney failure over a period of time, overuse of certain medications, drug (heroin or cocaine) abuse, chemotherapy (such as cisplatin). 
 
 Healthcare Associated Infection Overview 
 
 Despite efforts to monitor and prevent infection in hospital care settings, HAI arise from a range of different causes including surgery, burn wounds, central line catheters or urinary catheters, and sepsis, as well as long courses of antibiotic treatment, which may lead to the development of MRSA. According to the most recent prevalence study data published by the Center for Disease Control and Prevention in 2015, approximately 3 of hospital patients suffered at least one HAI, and there were approximately 687,000 HAI cases in acute care settings resulting in approximately 72,000 deaths. According to the CDC, on any given day about 31 hospital patients has at least one healthcare-associated infection. A World Health Organization cooperative study which included 55 hospitals in 14 
 6 
 
 countries from four regions, approximately 8.7 of hospitalized patients developed infection within 48 hours of hospitalization (Tikhomirov 1987). The most common healthcare-associated infection are bloodstream infection, pneumonia, urinary tract infections, and surgical site infections. 
 
 Influenza Disease Overview 
 
 Influenza, or the flu, is caused by the influenza virus. There are four strains of influenza virus: influenza A (Alphainfluenzavirus), B (Betainfluenzavirus), C (Gammainfluenzavirus), and D (Deltainfluenzavirus). Through the hemagglutinin on the surface exterior, the influenza virus binds to sialic acid molecules attached to many proteins on the cell surface. Sialic acid is expressed ubiquitously on cell surface receptors throughout the body, which allows the virus to infect many different cell types. 
 
 Typically, influenza infects 5-15 of the global population each year. The majority of influenza infections are mild to moderate and symptoms include runny nose, cough, headache, muscle aches, fever, and chills. However, approximately 5 of all severe pneumonia cases in hospitals are due to influenza, which is also the most common cause of ARDS in adults. 
 
 The current prevalence of influenza worldwide is at 3 to 5 million cases per year, with 290,000 to 650,000 reported deaths according to the World Health Organization. While the impact of flu varies, it places a substantial burden on the health of people in the United States each year. CDC estimates that influenza has resulted in 9 to 45 million illnesses, 140,000 810,000 hospitalizations, and 12,000 61,000 deaths annually since 2010. 
 
 COVID-19 Disease Overview 
 
 COVID-19 is caused by the severe respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, or SARS-CoV-2 virus. The SARS-CoV-2 virus is a positive sense, single stranded RNA virus. Through the spike protein subunit on the surface exterior, the SARS-CoV-2 virus binds to the ACEII receptor. Although the ACEII receptor is expressed on a wide range of tissues throughout the body, it appears the majority of the transmission of SARS-CoV-2 occurs in the nose, through the ciliated nasal goblet cells, and the nasal epithelial cells, where expression levels of ACEII are most prevalent (Sungnak 2020). 
 
 The majority of infections with SARS-CoV-2 are mild to moderate, and in some cases are completely asymptomatic. The symptoms associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection include shortness of breath or difficulty breathing, runny nose, dry cough, headache, diarrhea, muscle aches, fever, chills, and loss of smell and/or taste. In a small percentage (0.5-2 of cases, serious illness occurs, leading to major complications including pneumonia and or trouble breathing, organ failure in several organs, heart problems, ARDS, blood clots, acute kidney injury, and potential further viral and bacterial infection. 
 
 As of October 2022 there have been over 96 million confirmed cases of COVID-19 and over one million deaths in the United States according to the CDC and there have been over 623 million confirmed cases of COVID-19 and over 6.5 million deaths worldwide according to the World Health Organization. 
 
 Food Allergy Overview 
 
 According to research performed by the Food Allergy Research Education group, approximately 11 of adults in the United States have one or more food allergies with different levels of severity, which equates to approximately 32 million Americans, including 5.6 million children under age 18, and these numbers are increasing (FARE 2020). Each year in the US, 200,000 people require emergency medical care for allergic reactions to food. Most food allergies are diagnosed early in life and sometimes resolve over time, while other allergies develop later in life. It is estimated that caring for children with food allergies costs US families nearly 25 billion annually (FARE 2022). 
 
 As a Type I hypersensitivity, food allergies result in activation of a Th2-biased response to an antigen, resulting in allergen-specific IgE antibody production (Bousquet 2020). Allergen-specific IgE antibodies bind to mast cell and basophil receptors upon subsequent challenge with antigen, resulting in degranulation and release of inflammatory mediators (e.g., histamine, leukotrienes, tryptase). These mediators cause mobilization of basophils, 
 7 
 
 eosinophils, and T lymphocytes to the site of insult, as well as activation of T cells, which compound symptomology and enhance inflammation. Systemic responses, e.g., anaphylaxis, may also occur within minutes or hours post-challenge. Accordingly, there remains a significant need for effective therapies for treating and preventing allergic disease. 
 
 Current Prevention, Treatment, and Detection Options 
 
 Prevention and treatment of AKI 
 
 There are currently no therapeutics to prevent or treat AKI. Treatment for AKI requires hospitalization and intensive supportive care until kidney function recovers. In more serious cases, dialysis may be needed to help replace kidney function until your kidneys recover. The main treatment is to address what is causing your acute kidney injury. 
 
 Prevention and Treatment of Chronic Organ Disease 
 
 There are currently no effective therapies for treating chronic organ disease or therapies for preventing loss of function due to acute organ dysfunction, outside of steroidal treatment or organ transplantation. There is no cure for CKD but treatments may help manage symptoms or stop it from progressing. These treatments include life style changes to control health and weight, medications to control associated diseases such as high blood pressure or high cholesterol and for later stages, filtering the blood with a machine known as dialysis. Avoiding conditions or exposures that can harm the kidneys like certain medications or kidney infections is also beneficial. 
 
 In April 2021, The FDA approved the use of Farxiga (Dapagliflozin) to reduce the risk of kidney function decline, kidney failure, cardiovascular death and hospitalization for heart failure in adults who are at risk of disease progression. Farxiga was originally approved in 2014 for diabetic control in adults in addition to diet and exercise. 
 
 Still, at this time, there is a significant unmet need for therapies that slow disease progression and improve outcomes of patients with chronic kidney disease. 
 
 Prevention of Bacterial Infection 
 
 There are no recommended anti-bacterial prescriptions currently available for the prevention of infection. Measures commonly recommended for the prevention of bacterial infection are typically focused on the prevention of transmission, including regular hand washing, mask wearing, social distancing and/or self-isolation/self-quarantine, and cleaning potentially contaminated surfaces. 
 
 Treatment and Management of Bacterial Infection 
 
 Because the presence of bacteria in humans is ubiquitous, not all bacterial growth is considered pathogenic. Therefore, interpretation of patient bacterial cultures needs to take into account clinical presentation, patient immune status, reason for performing patient culture test, the testing procedure, and any alternate evidence of infection. Based on the source of infection and patient results, medical care may include administration of antibiotics, administration of anti-fungal or anti-viral medication, line removal, or surgical debridement as necessary. 
 
 In the case of antibiotic treatment, the typical course of treatment may require an initial empiric broad-spectrum antibiotic, later targeted to the organism detected, with consideration for the presence of multidrug resistant pathogens, specifically MRSA. Antibiotic resistance has become a major consideration in the treatment of yet-to-be diagnosed infections, as the number of antibiotic resistant strains have increased, and the over prescription of antibiotics further contributes to resistance. 
 
 Prevention and Treatment of Respiratory Viral Infection 
 
 Current therapies for preventing respiratory viral infections are limited. The main prophylaxis for preventing respiratory viral infections are vaccines. Each year, vaccines are developed and administered to prevent influenza. The effectiveness of these vaccines can be quite variable due to the ability of the influenza virus to mutate. According to the CDC, in some years, the influenza vaccine has been as low as 19 effective. Several vaccines have been developed 
 8 
 
 and approved for emergency use for the prevention of SARS-CoV-2. The main drawback to intramuscular vaccines is the durability of their imparted protection and their poor ability to provide a strong mucosal immunity. 
 
 Prevention or Treatment of Food Allergies 
 
 Prevention of food allergies is currently limited to the practice of active avoidance of known allergens. This can have a highly negative impact on patient s quality of life, especially in the case of severe food allergies, in which avoidance may dictate declining normal social activities in which foods with knows allergens may be present. 
 
 Although several therapies are being developed, there is no cure for food allergies. The current standard of care for food allergies is allergen immunotherapy, which involves the progressive increase in exposure to allergens under controlled clinical conditions, which is time consuming and has as yet provided unpredictable efficacy. Palforzia is the only approved medication for food allergy, which has varied degrees of efficacy, dependent on age (Perkin, 2022), and peanut avoidance is recommended during treatment with Palforzia. 
 
 Detection Methods 
 
 While multiple test methods exist for the detection of respiratory viral infections, they have many limitations. These limitations include their inability to detect multiple virus types, turn-around time, sample collection and cost. The current gold-standard is the PCR assay. PCR testing is highly sensitive and can detect extremely low levels of genetic material of a specific organism, such as a virus, thus identifying the specific virus type. However, PCR tests are expensive, time-consuming, and can only detect virus types based on a specific primer sequence used when running the test. Because the PCR test requires this primer sequence, its utility in detecting new viral variants may be limited. PCR tests may also detect inactive, non-proliferating virus, leading to false positive results, in some cases several weeks after resolution of active infection. These limitations make the PCR test non-ideal for at-home testing or as a screening tool for respiratory viral infections. 
 
 Other methods for detecting viral infection include the rapid antigen test kits. While these methods can be performed relatively inexpensively and in an at-home test format, they also suffer from the same limitation as PCR tests in that they are specific for the detection of a single virus type. 
 
 This limitation is illustrated in the following example: if you test a person infected with influenza using a SARS-CoV-2 test kit or a PCR test, the result would be limited to solely showing the individual is not infected with SARS-CoV-2, even though they actually are infected with a respiratory viral infection and should seek medical attention and/or self-quarantine. 
 
 REVELATION S PROGRAMS 
 
 Scientific Rationale/Mechanism of Action 
 
 The innate immune system is our first line of defense against invading pathogens such as bacteria and viruses. The innate immune system defends against infection by producing and releasing various types of cytokines. Cytokines are proteins that direct different activities in cells to combat the invading pathogen, as well as stimulating recruitment of the adaptive immune system which ultimately leads to the production of antibodies. Cytokines can be inflammatory or protective, meaning they may be able to modulate certain established cellular activities. TLRs serve a vital role in initiating the innate immune system response by recognizing different molecular patterns associated with pathogens such as bacteria and viruses. For example, TLRs are associated with cells (e.g., macrophage, dendritic cells) found in the nasal mucosal tissue, and when a pathogen, such as a bacteria, invades through the nose, TLRs recognize the pathogen as foreign and activate the innate immune response, producing cytokines. Stimulation of TLR-4 by PHAD may modulate the cellular response, leading to the production of protective (non-inflammatory and regulatory) cytokines that have multiple therapeutic applications as illustrated in the following Figure. 
 
 Interaction of PHAD with TLR-4 
 
 9 

The active ingredient PHAD , may interact with TLR-4 to stimulate the TRIF pathway leading to the production of protective and regulatory cytokines, including IP-10, IL-7, MCP-1, and TGF- b . Source: Revelation Biosciences 
 
 REVTx-300 
 
 Overview 
 
 REVTx-300 is being developed as a potential therapy for the prevention of acute organ injury such as AKI and as a treatment of chronic organ disease including CKD. REVTx-300 utilizes the active ingredient PHAD and is formulated as a liquid for intravenous administration. 
 
 Acute organ injury may be caused by many different events, including blood or fluid loss (such as with bleeding or severe diarrhea), low blood pressure or shock leading to hypotension, heart failure or heart attack, overuse of certain pain medications including NSAIDs, ibuprofen, etc., toxicity due to chemotherapy, contrast agents, etc., burns, or major surgery. During surgery, ischemia or deprivation of blood supply to a tissue followed by the reperfusion or re-introduction of blood to prevent tissue necrosis can result in further damage and/or dysfunction to the organ. Chronic disease of an organ, due to chronic inflammation and subsequent fibrosis, follows a pattern of perpetual and ongoing destruction of living functional cells and subsequent replacement by the non-functional protein, collagen, resulting in fibrosis (scar tissue) (Wilson 2015). The establishment of fibrosis and subsequent death of the organ is driven by ongoing inflammatory processes and reactive oxygen species associated with the innate immune response. We believe redirection of the innate immune response with REVTx-300 from a pro-inflammatory state to an anti-inflammatory (protective) state may rebalance the innate immune response to slow down or halt the progressive destruction and scarring of organ tissue, allowing the healing process to take place. 
 
 Nonclinical 
 
 Revelation conducted a nonclinical study to evaluate the anti-fibrotic activity of REVTx-300. Specifically, a range of daily systemic dosing levels of REVTx-300 were tested in a rat Unilateral Ureteral Obstruction (UUO) model. The unilateral ureteral obstruction (UUO) model is appropriate for studying the anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic effects of potential new therapies for acute and chronic kidney disease as complete ureteral obstruction of one kidney results in significant inflammation and subsequent fibrosis of the affected kidney over a 7-day period. 
 
 The present study consisted of 6 groups with the following outcomes on renal cortical fibrosis as measured by detection of collagen deposition using picosirius red stained histology sections assessed at three different sampling depths. 
 10 

Revelation will continue evaluating the potential of REVTx-300 in additional preclinical models including CKD and myocarditis to identify optimal dosing conditions required for prevention and resolution of inflammation and fibrosis. 
 
 Clinical Development Plan 
 
 Revelation plans to initiate a Phase 1a clinical study in the second half of 2023 in healthy volunteers to evaluate the safety of systemically delivered REVTx-300 and investigate biomarkers to elucidate the pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic relationship. The proposed study will consist of cohorts of single ascending doses of REVTx-300. The primary readout will be safety with exploratory endpoints evaluating biomarkers. 
 
 The Phase 1a study will be followed by a phase 1b study in 2024 in patients undergoing cardiac surgery to establish proof-of-concept in preparation for phase 2. The proposed Phase 1b study will consist of a placebo group and low and high dose REVTx-300 groups. The primary readout will be safety with exploratory endpoints to evaluate biomarkers and rate, duration and severity of AKI. 
 
 REVTx-100 
 
 Overview 
 
 REVTx-100 is being developed, through a license agreement with Vanderbilt University, as a potential therapy for the prevention or treatment of healthcare-associated bacterial infection including post-surgical infection, post-burn infection, urinary tract infection (e.g. as a result of hospital-based or outpatient catheterization), sepsis, antibiotic-resistant infection, etc. We hypothesize controlled stimulation of TLR-4 will selectively prime the body s immune system to be able to better respond to subsequent pathogen exposure. 
 
 As illustrated in the following figure, we hypothesize REVTx-100 will prime the body s immune response to be able to better respond upon exposure to a pathogen. 

11 
 
 Nonclinical studies 
 
 Multiple preclinical studies have shown that systemic pretreatment with PHAD results in significantly increased immune response with significantly reduced duration and severity of infection following bacterial challenge with either gram-positive or gram-negative bacteria as indicated in the following figures. 
 
 Pretreatment with PHAD Impart Protection from Gram Negative Bacterial Infection 

Pretreatment with PHAD Impart Protection from Gram Positive Bacterial Infection 

Clinical Development Plan 
 
 Revelation plans to initiate a Phase 1a clinical study in the second half of 2023 in healthy volunteers to evaluate the safety of systemically delivered REVTx-100 and investigate biomarkers to elucidate the pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic relationship. The proposed study will consist of cohorts of single ascending doses of REVTx-100. The primary readout will be safety with exploratory endpoints evaluating biomarkers. 
 
 The Phase 1a study will be followed by a phase 1b study in 2024 in patients undergoing colorectal surgery to establish proof-of-concept in preparation for phase 2. The proposed Phase 1b study will consist of a placebo group 
 12 
 
 and low and high dose REVTx-100 groups. The primary readout will be safety with exploratory endpoints to evaluate biomarkers, infection rate, duration and severity. 
 
 REVTx-200 
 
 Overview 
 
 REVTx-200 is being developed as a potential intranasal therapy that will be administered concurrently with a commercially available IM vaccine. We believe concurrent stimulation of the nasal mucosa with REVTx-200 upon IM vaccination will provide a more complete immunization. REVTx-200 utilizes the active ingredient PHAD . Based on feedback from the FDA, we believe REVTx-200 will be regulated as a biologic, and not as a therapeutic, since it is concurrently administered with another vaccine. As such we believe the approval process will require its own unique development pathway to be approved for this use. 
 
 Most vaccinations for respiratory viruses (influenza, SARS-CoV-2) are being developed or have been developed for IM administration. It has been shown that IM vaccination results in a strong systemic immune response, but a weak mucosal immune response. Contrary to this, intranasal vaccination (e.g., FluMist has been shown to elicit a strong mucosal response and a moderate systemic response. We hypothesize that optimal protection from a vaccine requires both a systemic immune response elicited by the IM injection and a mucosal immune response developed by recruiting immune cells into the mucosal immune system. 
 
 Optimal protection from a vaccine requires both a systemic immune response elicited by the IM vaccine injection and a mucosal immune response elicited by the intranasal administration of REVTx-200. We hypothesize that intranasal administration of REVTx-200 will result in improved recruitment of vaccine-specific activated adaptive immune cells (e.g. T cells and B cells) into the nasal mucosa. 
 
 Biomarker data from our Phase 1 clinical study (RVL-NHV01) and Phase 2 virus challenge study (RVL-VRL01) supports this hypothesis. In particular, we were able to see increases in local (intranasal) IL-7 and MCP-1 as well as increased titers of antibodies specific to the viral challenge pathogen. IL-7 is a cytokine that induces the differentiation of hematopoietic stem cells into T cells, B cells, and NK cells. MCP-1 is a chemokine that recruits B cells and T cells to the site of application. In addition, MPLA has been reported to improve expression of T cell stimulatory co-factors such as CD80 to improve the engagement of the adaptive immune system. This data suggest intranasal REVTx-200 will traffic antigen activated B cells and T cells to the intranasal space. 
 
 Nonclinical studies 
 
 Revelation is currently conducting a preclinical study to evaluate improved mucosal immunity against a SARS-CoV-2 trimeric peptide vaccination administered intranasally or IM. Vaccine administered in conjunction with REVTx-200 will be evaluated relative to vaccination alone, through improved systemic and mucosal antibody titers, including the detection of an antigen specific antibody response. Additional endpoints will be evaluated to provide additional clarity on the impact of REVTx-200 on immune cell recruitment and activation. Additional nonclinical studies will be necessary to optimize the formulation and dosing regimen for REVTx-200. 
 
 REVTx-99b 
 
 Overview 
 
 REVTx-99b potentially engages three different aspects of the allergic response via stimulation of the TLR-4 pathway. These include (i) the possible induction of a physical barrier to allergens, (ii) the possible reduction of IgE secretion as a result of IFN upregulation and (iii) by secretion of IP-10 which competes for the native eotaxin receptor. 
 
 Stimulation of TLR-4 results in mobilization of exosomes from epithelia which can release antimicrobial peptides and nitric oxide that can destroy invading pathogens/antigens (Nocera 2018). TLR-4 stimulation also leads to generation of Type I interferons which block activation of Th2 cellular activity, resulting in reduced IgE secretion and reduction in allergic symptoms (Gonzalez-van Horn 2015). Type I IFN response results in the generation of IP-10, which is capable of binding to CCR3, the native receptor for eotaxin and is present on cells involved in the allergic 
 13 
 
 response, including eosinophils, basophils, and mast cells (Loetscher 2001). IP-10 binding to CCR3 prevents eotaxin from binding and recruiting immune cells, thereby reducing recruitment of Th2 cells and attenuating the allergic response. 
 
 Future development activities will include formulation development and optimization which is a key aspect for intranasal delivery. This formulation development will be done in conjunction with preclinical models (including an anaphylaxis model, in which administration of allergen will be followed by treatment with multiple dose levels of intranasal REVTx-99b. Resolution of symptoms will be assessed through the evaluation of local and systemic allergic endpoints, likely including IgE and IgG4 titers, tryptase, histamine, and eotaxin levels. 
 
 REVDx-501 (Diagnostic) Overview 
 
 REVDx-501 (REVID TM Rapid Test Kit) is being developed as a rapid point of care in vitro diagnostic test (or diagnostic device) that has the potential to detect IP-10 as a surrogate marker of respiratory viral infections including SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A, Influenza B, parainfluenza, or respiratory syncytial virus. REVDx-501 is currently being developed as a point of care test kit with a simple to read visual readout which provides a result in less than 15 minutes without the need for specialized instrumentation. Sample collection is simply a swab of the anterior nares (nostrils) making sample collection easy. If approval is obtained, we anticipate the commercial version of the kit to be a self-contained, portable kit that can be shipped anywhere. The instructions will direct users with a positive result to seek confirmatory testing and/or medical treatment. 
 
 While the kit could potentially be used universally at home as a self-screening method a more practical and potential early use would be as a screening tool in healthcare facilities (e.g. hospitals and nursing homes) to allow for rapid triage and appropriate isolation of patients with potential respiratory infection. 
 
 In addition, the diagnostic can be used to increase the efficiency of PCR testing by eliminating wasted testing on subjects who are not infected with a viral infection. The figure below explains the concept of increasing the efficiency of PCR testing. The left panel shows the current state of PCR testing with most patients (>80 being PCR negative for infection. The right panel shows the effect of the addition of the REVID screening test to rule out virus negative patients resulting in better utilization of the PCR test. 

The diagnostic is based on the knowledge that respiratory viral infection results in elevated nasal mucosal secretions containing specific cytokines (e.g., IP-10, IFN), which can be detected rapidly after exposure. One or more of these cytokines can be detected using a lateral flow assay format (e.g., home pregnancy kit) from a mucosal sample collected from the anterior nares. 
 
 Device Testing and Data supporting the potential utility of REVDx-501 
 
 Clinical samples were collected under protocol and with consent from volunteers presenting at a COVID-19 testing center. Participants included those presenting with symptoms including fever, cough, loss of taste or loss of smell as well as asymptomatic (no symptoms) subjects. For each subject, a sample was collected using the nasopharyngeal method and tested by PCR for SARS-CoV-2 and a second sample of the lower nose was collected using the REVDx-501 swab and tested using the REVDx-501 test method. The results shown below from this testing 
 14 
 
 showed REVDx-501 to have excellent correlation with PCR for replicating SARS-CoV-2 virus (100 positive agreement for replicating SARS-CoV-2 virus, 86 negative agreement for no replicating SARS-CoV-2 virus). 

PCR vs. REVDx-501 Test Kit 
 
 PCR POSITIVE 

PCR NEGATIVE 

Test Kit POSITIVE 

37 

21 

Test Kit NEGATIVE 

0 

132 

TOTAL SAMPLES 

37 

153 

Patients who reported symptoms of fever, cough, loss of taste or loss of smell were tested by REVDx-501 and PCR. REVDx-501 had a 0 false negative rate for replicating SARS-CoV-2. These results include patients who reported onset of symptoms within 24 hours of the test, which may make the diagnostic an earlier detection method than even PCR. In addition, the positive REVDx-501 results that were PCR negative for COVID-19 were likely caused by other viral infections. Source. 
 
 In addition to the clinical evaluation described above, the FDA recommends a series of validation studies for IVD devices prior to submission for approval. These studies are planned and ongoing and include limit of detection, inclusivity, cross-reactivity, flex, usability, and clinical evaluation studies. 
 
 The LOD, inclusivity, cross-reactivity, and flex test studies are generally analytical laboratory-based bench studies to test how well the diagnostic device can detect the chemical or pathogen the device is intended to measure, as well as under different conditions. Usability (human factors) studies are investigations that enable a device design team to improve the usability of their device to meet acceptable standards of risk it informs the development team if the device kit and instructions for use are appropriate for typical users. 
 
 Generally, the final study is the clinical evaluation study, which is the largest study (at least 100 users). This study is considered the real-world testing of the product. Study participants will use the test kit as recommended in a clinical setting or a simulated clinical environment. The device test kit results are compared to a PCR assay, as the reference standard test. Overall, in order to be considered for marketing approval by FDA, users should have minimal issues using the test and the device test results should align very closely with the reference test. 
 
 We have suspended development of REVDx-501 to focus our resources on development of our therapeutic candidates. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is intensely competitive and subject to rapid innovation and significant technological advancements. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99b, and any future Program Product candidates are efficacy, safety and tolerability profile, reliability, convenience of dosing, price, the level of generic competition and reimbursement. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of REVDx-501 and any future product candidates are reliability, convenience, and price. Our competitors include multinational pharmaceutical companies, specialized biotechnology companies, universities, and other research institutions. A number of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies are pursuing the development or marketing of pharmaceuticals that target the same diseases that we are targeting. A number of device companies are pursuing the development or marketing of devices in the same or similar space. Smaller or earlier-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Given the high incidence of respiratory viral infections, it is likely that the number of companies seeking to develop products and therapies for the prevention or treatment of viral infection, will increase. 
 
 If REVTx-300 is approved is approved for prevention or treatment for chronic kidney disease, we would face competition from currently approved and marketed products including Farxiga . We would also have future competition that could arise from products currently in development. 
 
 15 
 
 If REVTx-100 is approved for prevention or treatment of infection, we would face competition from currently approved and marketed products including many antibiotics that are effective against non-resistant strains of bacteria. We would also have future competition that could arise from products currently in development. 
 
 If REVTx-200 is approved is approved as an intranasal adjunct for intramuscular vaccination, we would face competition from currently approved and marketed products including most intramuscular vaccine adjuvants, such as CpG 1018 (Dynavax). We would also have future competition that could arise from products currently in development. 
 
 If REVTx-99b is approved is approved is approved for prevention or treatment of food allergies, we would face competition from currently approved and marketed products including Palforzia for prophylactic desensitization and epinephrine for acute anaphylactic shock due to exposure to a peanut allergen. We would also have future competition that could arise from products currently in development. 
 
 If REVDx-501 is approved, it will need to be a stand alone test and will not be able to be combined with other diagnostic test and competition would arise from various companies and partnerships currently engaged in clinical studies with competing device concepts including: Quest Diagnostics, Inc., Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, and Eurofins Advantar Laboratories. As well as from currently approved COVID-19 home test from Ellume Limited, MeMed, Abbot Laboratories, and Lucira Health. 
 
 Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do and may be better equipped to develop, manufacture and market technologically superior products. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of competitors. In addition, many of these competitors have significantly longer operating histories and greater experience than we have in undertaking nonclinical studies and human clinical studies of new pharmaceutical products and in obtaining regulatory approvals of human therapeutic products. Many of our competitors have established distribution channels for the commercialization of their products, whereas we have no such channel or capabilities. In addition, many competitors have greater name recognition and more extensive collaborative relationships. As a result, our competitors may obtain regulatory approval of their products more rapidly than we do or may obtain patent protection or other intellectual property rights that limit our ability to develop or commercialize our Program Products or any future product candidates. Our competitors may also develop and succeed in obtaining approval for drugs that are more effective, more convenient, more widely used and less costly or have a better safety profile than our products and these competitors may also be more successful than we are in manufacturing and marketing their products. If we are unable to compete effectively against these companies, then we may not be able to commercialize our product candidate or any future product candidates or achieve a competitive position in the market. This would adversely affect our ability to generate revenue. Our competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and commercial personnel, establishing clinical study sites and enrolling patients for clinical studies, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 
 Manufacturing and Supply 
 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of our Program Products or any other product candidates, nor do we have plans to develop our own manufacturing operations in the foreseeable future. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacturing of our Program Products or any other product candidates for preclinical and clinical testing, as well as for commercial manufacturing if REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200 or any future product candidate receives marketing approval. Also, we currently rely and continue to rely on third parties for the manufacturing and development of our diagnostic devices for clinical testing, as well as for commercial manufacturing if REVDx-501 gets marketing approval. Also, there is only one supplier for PHAD , Avanti Polar Lipids, Inc., with whom we do not have a long-term supply agreement. Currently we have purchased enough material for our planned clinical studies through purchase orders. 
 
 Strategic Acquisitions and In-Licensing 
 
 We are working to deepen the pipeline of Revelation through both internal organic development of new technologies along with portfolio additions from acquisitions, strategic partnerships and in-licensing of new therapeutic product candidates. From time to time we enter into discussions regarding potential transactions; however, 
 16 
 
 our focus is on development of our existing pipeline and discussions with third parties to date have not progressed beyond the preliminary stage. 
 
 Vanderbilt License 
 
 On September 29, 2022, we entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with Vanderbilt University to develop and commercialize PHAD, for treating or preventing infections. The license grants Revelation the use of issued US patent 11,389,465. 
 
 We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) develop, commercialize, market and sell licensed products in a manner consistent with a development plan submitted to Vanderbilt by April 2023 and (ii) achieve certain financing, development, regulatory and clinical milestone events, including, among other things, raising 5 million in financing to advance the development program, commencement of various clinical trials by target dates according to the development plan and the filing of an IND by the end of 2032. 
 
 Under the license agreement we are obligated to make payments to Vanderbilt based upon achievement of certain milestones including achievement of various clinical trial events, regulatory approval and sales levels. In addition, we will pay royalties on sales of products using the licensed patent. 
 
 Vanderbilt has the right to terminate the license agreement if the development milestones are not made, subject to a six-month grace period. 
 
 Global Health 
 
 We entered into a Global Health Agreement GHA with AXA IM Prime Impact Fund on December 31, 2020. As part of the GHA for six years from December 31, 2020 (the Term we will (i) provide REVTx-99a/b and REVDx-501 (the GHA Program Products ), if approved by the FDA and/or the EMA, to non-profit organizations and public-sector purchasers Global Health Purchasers in certain low and middle income countries (as defined by the World Bank) Target Countries ), to be determined by the Global Access Committee (the GAC ), at a price of no more than 30 above the cost of goods sold, (ii) make available up to 20 of the annual unit sales volume, (iii) allocate 50,000 per year to the GAC to work on training programs, and (iv) work with global health authorities to have the products added to protocols and treatment guidelines. 
 
 In the event that the GHA Program Products are acquired directly or through an acquisition of the Company by a third party the GHA shall continue to survive for the Term and shall be assumed by the acquirer. In the event that the Company (i) fails to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain regulatory approvals as agreed by the GAC, (ii) fails to cure a non-compliance within the GHA, (iii) if we transfer the intellectual property and the successor fails to assume the GHA, or (iv) if the Company institutes any bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution, liquidation, or similar proceeding, the Company will grant a nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, non-terminable, fully paid up, royalty free license in the Target Countries for Global Health Purchasers. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 We currently have no marketing, sales or distribution capabilities. In order to commercialize any products that are approved for commercial sale, we must either develop a sales and marketing infrastructure or collaborate with third parties that have sales and marketing experience. 
 
 We may elect to establish our own sales force to market and sell a product for which we obtain regulatory approval if we expect that the geographic market for a product, we develop on our own is limited or that the prescriptions for the product will be written principally by a relatively small number of physicians. If we decide to market and sell any products ourselves, we do not expect to establish direct sales capability until shortly before the products are approved for commercial sale. 
 
 We plan to seek third-party support from established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for those products that would benefit from the promotional support of a large sales and marketing force. In these cases, we 
 17 
 
 might seek to promote our products in collaboration with marketing partners or rely on relationships with one or more companies with large established sales forces and distribution systems. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, technology, and know-how, to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing upon our proprietary rights. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, pursuing and obtaining patent protection in the United States and in jurisdictions outside of the United States related to our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements, and product candidates that are important to the development and implementation of our business. Our patent portfolio is intended to cover our product candidates and components thereof, their methods of use and processes for their manufacture, our kit designs, our proprietary reagents and assays, and any other inventions that are commercially important to our business. We also rely on trade secret protection of our confidential information and know-how relating to our proprietary technology, platforms, and product candidates. 
 
 As of March 21, 2023 , our patent portfolio includes three U.S. provisional patent applications one for REVTx-300, one for REVTx-99b and one for a new drug program. These provisional patent applications will be converted to utility patent applications prior to their respective 1-year anniversaries. Our portfolio includes three international PCT patent applications, two for REVTx-99b, and one for REVDx-501. In regard to our REVTx-99b program, one PCT patent application is directed to MPLA formulations including REVTx-99b and one PCT patent application is directed to the use of REVTx-99b for the treatment of allergic rhinitis and chronic nasal congestion. In regard to our REVDx-501 program, the PCT patent application has claims directed to the rapid detection kit and methods for detecting a signal of viral infection of the respiratory tract. The provisional application for REVTx-300 is directed to the use of MPLA formulations for the prevention of loss of function associated with chronic organ disease. The provisional application for REVTx-99b is directed to nasal administration of MPLA formulations as an adjuvant to traditional allergy immunotherapy, such as oral allergy immunotherapy. 
 
 We expect to file a non-provisional patent application prior to the twelve-month convention date for each provisional patent application. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our technology or product candidates, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and product candidates. Additionally, any U.S. provisional patent application that we file is not eligible to become an issued patent until, among other things, we file a non-provisional patent application within 12 months of filing the related provisional patent application. If we do not file a non-provisional patent application in a timely manner, we may lose our priority date with respect to the provisional patent application, and may lose the ability to obtain any associated patent protection on the inventions disclosed in the provisional patent application. 
 
 Generally, issued patents are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed non-provisional filing date. In certain instances, patent term can be adjusted to recapture a portion of delay incurred by the USPTO in examining the patent application (patent term adjustment, or PTA) or extended to account for term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period (patent term extension, or PTE), or both. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that any patents will be issued from our pending or future applications or that any issued patents will adequately protect our products or product candidates. 
 
 We believe that we have certain know-how and trade secrets relating to our technology and product candidates. We rely on trade secrets to protect certain aspects of our technology related to our current and future product candidates. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our trade secrets, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, service providers, and contractors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of March 21, 2023 , we had 6 full-time employees, 2 of whom are engaged in research and development activities or operations and 4 of whom are engaged in general and administrative activities or operations. None of our 
 18 
 
 employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 On February 18, 2022, LifeSci Capital LLC filed an action against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York seeking damages in the amount of approximately 2.7 million in cash and 2.6 million in equity for unpaid banking and advisory fees. These fees arise under contracts which were entered into prior to the Business Combination and the Company is disputing the amount owed under those contracts and has asserted affirmative defenses including the defense that the amount of the fees sought exceeded the 8.5 million cap on transaction expenses in the Business Combination Agreement. This action remains pending as of the date of this report. On March 2, 2023, the court denied the plaintiff s motion for summary judgment. As of the date of this report, the court has not set any schedule for discovery or a timetable for any trial. 
 
 Of the LifeSci Capital LLC claim, 1.5 million relates to deferred underwriting fees from the Petra initial public offering. In addition, but separate from the claim, one of the underwriters in the Petra initial public offering who is not a participant in the litigation with LifeSci Capital LLC recently issued a demand letter seeking repayment for 655 thousand in fees owed from the Petra initial public offering that remain unpaid. Both of these amounts are recorded as a current liability in the financial statements as of December 31, 2022 under deferred underwriting commissions. No other liabilities are reflected in the financial statements as the amount of any additional liability cannot be determined at this time. 
 
 On September 27, 2022, A-IR Clinical Research Ltd. A-IR filed a claim against the Company in the High Court of Justice, in the Business and Property Courts of England and Wales, seeking 1.6 million in unpaid invoices, plus interest and costs, relating to the Company s viral challenge study. The Company is disputing the claim because many of the invoices relate to work that was not performed and A-IR had misrepresented its qualifications to perform the contracted work. Since this proceeding is at a very early stage, no liability is reflected in the financial statements as the amount of any liability cannot be determined at this time. 
 
 On January 30, 2023, Marwood Advisory Group, LLC filed an action in the Supreme Court of New York for the County of New York seeking damages in the amount of 150,000 plus interest in respect of a contract agreed by the sponsors of Petra allegedly relating to a due diligence report with another target considered by Petra prior to the Business Combination. The Company believes it has defenses to this claim and as of the date of this report no answer is due. Since this proceeding is at a very early stage, no liability is reflected in the financial statements as the amount of any liability cannot be determined at this time. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, recordkeeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring and post-approval reporting of drugs. We, along with our vendors, contract research organizations, or CROs, clinical investigators and contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical, manufacturing and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval of our product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals of drugs and ensuring subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drug products under the FD C Act, its implementing regulations, and other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. Drugs are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. If we fail to comply with applicable FDA or other requirements at any time with respect to product development, clinical testing, approval or any other regulatory requirements relating to product manufacture, processing, handling, storage, quality control, safety, marketing, advertising, promotion, packaging, labeling, export, import, distribution, or sale, we may become subject to administrative or judicial sanctions or other legal consequences. These sanctions or consequences could include, among other things, the FDA s refusal to approve 
 19 
 
 pending applications, issuance of clinical holds for ongoing studies, suspension or revocation of approved applications, warning or untitled letters, product withdrawals or recalls, product seizures, relabeling or repackaging, total or partial suspensions of manufacturing or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. 
 
 Our product candidates must be approved for therapeutic indications by the FDA before they may be marketed in the United States. For drug product candidates regulated under the FD C Act, FDA must approve a NDA. The process generally involves the following: 

completion of extensive preclinical studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies conducted in accordance with good laboratory practice, or GLP, requirements; 

completion of the manufacture, under current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP ), conditions, of the drug substance and drug product that the sponsor intends to use in human clinical trials along with required analytical and stability testing; 

submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application, or IND, which must become effective before clinical trials may begin and must be updated annually and when certain changes are made; 

approval by an institutional review board, or IRB, or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication; 

preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to file the application for review; 

satisfactory completion of one or more FDA pre-approval inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug will be produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

satisfactory completion of FDA audit of the clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; 

payment of user fees for FDA review of the NDA; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA, including, where applicable, consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States. 

Preclinical studies and the IND process Therapeutics 
 
 Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential for adverse events and in some cases to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed protocol for clinical studies, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is an exemption from the FD C Act that allows an unapproved product candidate to be shipped in interstate commerce for use in an investigational clinical study and is a request for FDA authorization to administer such investigational product to humans. Such authorization must be secured prior to interstate shipment and administration of any product candidate that is not the subject of an approved application. Some long-term preclinical testing, such as animal tests of reproductive adverse events and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical studies and places the study on clinical 
 20 
 
 hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical study can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not necessarily result in the FDA allowing clinical studies to commence. 
 
 Clinical studies Therapeutics 
 
 Clinical studies involve the administration of the investigational new drug to human subjects healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements, which include, among other things, the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing before their participation in any clinical study. Clinical studies are conducted under written study protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical study and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. In addition, an IRB at each institution participating in the clinical study must review and approve the plan for any clinical study before it commences at that institution, and the IRB must conduct continuing review and reapprove the study at least annually. The IRB must review and approve, among other things, the study protocol and informed consent information to be provided to study subjects. An IRB may also require the clinical study at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements, or may impose other conditions. For clinical studies involving an IND, an IRB must operate in compliance with FDA regulations. Additionally, some studies are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the study sponsor, known as a DSMB. This group provides authorization as to whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access that only the DSMB maintains to available data from the study. 
 
 Human clinical studies are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined: 

Phase 1: The investigational drug or biological product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition and tested for safety, side effects associated with increasing doses, pharmacological action, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and, if possible, to gain an early indication of its effectiveness. 

Phase 2: The investigational drug or biological product is administered to a limited patient population to identify common adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage. This phase may include administration of the investigational drug to patients with concomitant disease conditions. 

Phase 3: The investigational drug or biological product is administered to an expanded patient population in adequate and well-controlled clinical studies, typically at geographically dispersed clinical study sites, to generate sufficient data to statistically confirm the efficacy and safety of the product for approval, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall risk-benefit profile of the product and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the product. More than one adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical study may be required by the FDA for approval of an NDA. 

Progress reports detailing the results of clinical studies involving an IND must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical studies may not be completed successfully within any specified period, or at all. Furthermore, the FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical study at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical study at its institution if the clinical study is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug or biologic product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 
 
 Concurrent with clinical studies, the company usually complete additional animal studies, develop additional information about chemistry and physical characteristics of the product candidate, and finalize a process for manufacturing the drug product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and manufacturers must develop, among other things, methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final drug product. 
 21 
 
 Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 
 In some cases, the FDA may approve an application for a product candidate but require the sponsor to conduct additional clinical studies to further assess the product candidate s safety and effectiveness after approval. Such post-approval studies are typically referred to as Phase 4 clinical studies. These studies are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of a larger number of patients in the intended treatment group and to further document a clinical benefit in the case of drugs approved under accelerated approval regulations. 
 
 Clinical studies Device 
 
 Clinical studies are almost always required to support pre-market approval and are sometimes required for 510(k) clearance or de novo clearance. In the United States, for significant risk devices, these studies require submission of an application for an IDE to the FDA. The IDE application must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory testing results, showing it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. The IDE must be approved in advance by the FDA for a specific number of patients at specified study sites. During the study, the sponsor must comply with the FDA s IDE requirements for investigator selection, study monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping. The investigators must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational plan and study protocol, control the disposition of investigational devices and comply with all reporting and recordkeeping requirements. Clinical studies for significant risk devices may not begin until the IDE application is approved by the FDA and the appropriate IRBs at the clinical study sites. An IRB is an appropriately constituted group that has been formally designated to review and monitor medical research involving subjects and which has the authority to approve, require modifications in, or disapprove research to protect the rights, safety, and welfare of human research subjects. A nonsignificant risk device does not require FDA approval of an IDE; however, the clinical study must still be conducted in compliance with various requirements of FDA s IDE regulations and be approved by an IRB at the clinical study sites. The FDA or the IRB at each site at which a clinical study is being performed may withdraw approval of a clinical study at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the risks to study subjects outweigh the benefits or a failure to comply with FDA or IRB requirements. Even if a study is completed, the results of clinical testing may not demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the device, may be equivocal or may otherwise not be sufficient to obtain approval or clearance of the product. 
 
 Sponsors of clinical studies of devices are required to register with clinicaltrials.gov, a public database of clinical study information. Information related to the device, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical study is made public as part of the registration. 
 
 U.S. Marketing approval Therapeutics 
 
 Assuming successful completion of the required clinical testing, the results of the preclinical and clinical studies, together with detailed information relating to the product s pharmacology chemistry, manufacture, controls and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA or BLA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. FDA approval of the NDA or BLA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the United States. Under federal law, the submission of most NDAs and BLAs is subject to a substantial application user fee, and the sponsor of an approved NDA or BLA is also subject to annual product or program fees. These fees may be increased or decreased annually. 
 
 The FDA conducts a preliminary review of all NDAs and BLAs within the first 60 days after receipt before accepting them for filing based on the agency s threshold determination that they are sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an NDA or BLA for filing. In this event, the application must be resubmitted with the additional information, which would also be subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. The FDA has agreed to specified performance goals in the review of NDAs and BLAs. Most such applications for non-priority products are reviewed within ten to twelve months after filing, and most applications for priority review products, that is, drugs and biologics that the FDA determines represent a significant improvement over existing therapy, are reviewed in six to eight months after filing. The review process may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information or clarification regarding information already provided in the submission. The FDA may also refer applications for novel drugs or biological products or products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians 
 22 
 
 and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 
 
 Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. In addition, before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP and integrity of the clinical data submitted. 
 
 The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and each may take many years to complete. Data obtained from clinical activities are not always conclusive and may be susceptible to varying interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. We may encounter difficulties or unanticipated costs in our efforts to develop our product candidates and secure necessary governmental approvals, which could delay or preclude us from marketing our products. 
 
 After the FDA s evaluation of the NDA or BLA and inspection of the manufacturing facilities, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug or biological product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 
 
 Even if the FDA approves a product, the agency may limit the approved indications for use for the product, require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, require that post-approval studies be conducted to further assess a drug s safety after approval, require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization, or impose other conditions, including distribution restrictions through a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy or other risk management mechanisms, which can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-market studies or surveillance programs. After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as changes in indications, manufacturing changes and labeling, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval. 
 
 FDA s Pre-market Clearance and Approval Requirements Device 
 
 In vitro diagnostic tests such as our REVDx-501 diagnostic program is regulated as medical devices. Each medical device we seek to commercially distribute in the United States will require either a prior 510(k) clearance, de novo classification or PMA, unless it is exempt, or a pre-market approval from the FDA. In the United States, the FD C Act, and its implementing regulations, and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, medical device design and development, preclinical and clinical testing, premarket clearance or approval, registration and listing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, advertising and promotion, sales and distribution, export and import, and post-market surveillance. Unless an exemption or FDA exercise of enforcement discretion applies, diagnostic tests generally require marketing clearance or approval from the FDA prior to commercialization. The primary types of FDA marketing authorization applicable to a medical device are clearance of a premarket notification, 510(k), or de novo classification, and approval of a PMA. 
 
 To obtain 510(k) clearance for a medical device, or for certain modifications to devices that have received 510(k) clearance, a manufacturer must submit a premarket notification demonstrating that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a previously cleared 510(k) device or to a pre-amendment device that was in commercial distribution before May 28, 1976, or a predicate device, for which the FDA has not yet called for the submission of a PMA. In making a determination that the device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device, the FDA compares the proposed device to the predicate device and assesses whether the subject device is comparable to the predicate device with respect to intended use, technology, design and other features which could affect safety and effectiveness. If the FDA determines that the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, the subject device 
 23 
 
 may be cleared for marketing. The 510(k) premarket notification pathway generally takes from three to twelve months from the date the application is completed, but can take significantly longer. 
 
 The de novo classification process, provides a pathway to classify novel medical devices for which general controls alone, or general and special controls, provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness for the intended use, but for which there is no legally marketed predicate device. A de novo classification is a risk-based classification process through which devices are classified into class I or class II. Devices classified in response to a de novo classification request may be marketed and used as predicates for future premarket notification 510(k) submissions. 
 
 A PMA must be supported by valid scientific evidence, which typically requires extensive data, including technical, preclinical, clinical and manufacturing data, to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction the safety and effectiveness of the device. For diagnostic tests, a PMA typically includes data regarding analytical and clinical validation studies. As part of its review of the PMA, the FDA will conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities to ensure compliance with the quality system regulation, or QSR, which requires manufacturers to follow design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures. The FDA s review of an initial PMA is required by statute to take between six to ten months, although the process typically takes longer, and may require several years to complete. If the FDA evaluations of both the PMA and the manufacturing facilities are favorable, the FDA will either issue an approval letter or an approvable letter, which usually contains a number of conditions that must be met in order to secure the final approval of the PMA. If the FDA s evaluation of the PMA or manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA will deny the approval of the PMA or issue a not approvable letter. A not approvable letter will outline the deficiencies in the application and, where practical, will identify what is necessary to make the PMA approvable. Once granted, PMA approval may be withdrawn by the FDA if compliance with post-approval requirements, conditions of approval or other regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 
 
 We expect that REVDx-501 will be subject to review as a de novo clearance. A de novo clearance pathway may be a lengthier and a more rigorous process than the 510(k) clearance pathway, which may delay or terminate this program down the road, which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 
 
 Ongoing Regulation by the FDA Device 
 
 Even after a device receives clearance or approval and is placed on the market, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These include: 

establishment registration and device listing; 

the QSR, which requires manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the manufacturing process; 

labeling regulations and the FDA prohibitions against the promotion of products for uncleared, unapproved or off-label uses, and other requirements related to promotional activities; 

medical device reporting regulations, which require that manufactures report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or if their device malfunctioned and the device or a similar device marketed by the manufacturer would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur; 

corrections and removal reporting regulations, which require that manufactures report to the FDA field corrections or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by a device or to remedy a violation of the FD C Act that may present a risk to health; and 

post market surveillance regulations, which apply to certain Class II or III devices when necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. 

24 
 
 After a device receives 510(k) clearance or de novo classification, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change in its intended use, will require a new clearance or possibly a pre-market approval. The FDA requires each manufacturer to make this determination initially, but the FDA can review any such decision and can disagree with a manufacturer s determination. If the FDA disagrees with our determination not to seek a new 510(k) clearance, the FDA may retroactively require us to seek 510(k) clearance or possibly a pre-market approval. The FDA could also require us to cease marketing and distribution and/or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance or pre-market approval is obtained. Also, in these circumstances, we may be subject to significant regulatory fines and penalties. 
 
 Some changes to an approved PMA device, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new PMA or PMA supplement, as appropriate, before the change can be implemented. Supplements to a PMA often require the submission of the same type of information required for an original PMA, except that the supplement is generally limited to that information needed to support the proposed change from the device covered by the original PMA. The FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing PMA supplements as it does in reviewing original PMAs. 
 
 FDA regulations require us to register as a medical device manufacturer with the FDA. Additionally, the CDHS, requires us to register as a medical device manufacturer within the state. Because of this, the FDA and the CDHS inspect us on a routine basis for compliance with the QSR. These regulations require that we manufacture our products and maintain related documentation in a prescribed manner with respect to manufacturing, testing and control activities. We have undergone and expect to continue to undergo regular QSR inspections in connection with the manufacture of our products at our facilities. Further, the FDA requires us to comply with various FDA regulations regarding labeling. Failure by us or by our suppliers to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA or state authorities, which may include any of the following sanctions: 

warning or untitled letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

customer notifications, voluntary or mandatory recall or seizure of our products; 

operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

delay in processing submissions or applications for new products or modifications to existing products 

withdrawing approvals that have already been granted; and 

criminal prosecution. 

The Medical Device Reporting laws and regulations require us to provide information to the FDA when we receive or otherwise become aware of information that reasonably suggests our device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury as well as a device malfunction that likely would cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur. In addition, the FDA prohibits an approved device from being marketed for off-label use. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including substantial monetary penalties and criminal prosecution. 
 
 Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require changes to a product s labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and also may require the implementation of other risk management measures. Also, new government requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDA s policies may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory clearance or approval of our products under development. 
 
 We are also subject to other federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices. 
 
 European Union 
 
 25 
 
 We anticipate that our products will be regulated in the European Union as medical devices per the European Union Directive (93/42/EEC), also known as the Medical Device Directive. An authorized third party, Notified Body, must approve products for CE marking. The CE Mark is contingent upon continued compliance to the applicable regulations and the quality system requirements of the ISO 13485 standard. 
 
 Other Regions 
 
 Most major markets have different levels of regulatory requirements for medical devices. Modifications to the cleared or approved products may require a new regulatory submission in all major markets. The regulatory requirements, and the review time, vary significantly from country to country. Products can also be marketed in other countries that have minimal requirements for medical devices. 
 
 Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 
 In the United States, our current and future operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including but not limited to, the CMS, other divisions of the HHS (such as the Office of Inspector General, Office for Civil Rights and the Health Resources and Service Administration), the U.S. Department of Justice, and state and local governments. For example, our clinical research, sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs may have to comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, the false claims laws, the privacy and security provisions of HIPAA, and similar state laws, each as amended, as applicable. 
 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between therapeutic product manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. 
 
 There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. The statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors are also subject to change. 
 
 Additionally, the intent standard under the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Affordable Care Act, to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the Affordable Care Act also codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal FCA (discussed below). 
 
 The federal false claims and civil monetary penalty laws, including the FCA, which imposes significant penalties and can be enforced by private citizens through civil qui tam actions, prohibit any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government, including federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid; knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government; or knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. A claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. Although we would not submit claims directly to payors, manufacturers can be held liable under these laws if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label. In addition, our future activities relating to the reporting of wholesaler or estimated retail prices for our products, the reporting of 
 26 
 
 prices used to calculate Medicaid rebate information and other information affecting federal, state, and third-party reimbursement for our products, and the sale and marketing of our products, are subject to scrutiny under this law. For example, pharmaceutical companies have been prosecuted under the FCA in connection with their alleged off-label promotion of drugs, purportedly concealing price concessions in the pricing information submitted to the government for government price reporting purposes, and allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal health care programs for the product. 
 
 HIPAA created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Like the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Affordable Care Act amended the intent standard for certain healthcare fraud statutes under HIPAA such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 
 Also, many states have similar, and typically more prohibitive, fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 
 
 In addition, we may be subject to data privacy, data security and data breach notification laws, regulations, standards, and codes of conduct by both the U.S. federal government and the states. These laws, regulations, standards, and codes of conduct may govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. HIPAA, as amended by the HITECH, imposes requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. HIPAA requires covered entities to limit the use and disclosure of protected health information to specifically authorized situations and requires covered entities to implement security measures to protect health information that they maintain in electronic form. The federal government may impose civil, criminal, and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting or oversight obligations for a violation of HIPAA s requirements. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. 
 
 HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition to HIPAA and HITECH, many state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways, are often not pre-empted by federal law, and may have a more prohibitive effect than federal law, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 
 We may develop products that, once approved, may be administered by a physician. Under currently applicable U.S. law, certain products not usually self-administered (including injectable drugs) may be eligible for coverage under Medicare through Medicare Part B. Medicare Part B is the part of Medicare that covers outpatient services and supplies, including certain pharmaceutical products, that are medically necessary to treat a beneficiary s health condition. As a condition of receiving Medicare Part B reimbursement for a manufacturer s eligible drugs, the manufacturer is required to participate in other government healthcare programs, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and the 340B Drug Pricing Program. The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with the Secretary of HHS as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs furnished to Medicaid patients. Under the 340B Drug Pricing Program, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities that participate in the program. 
 
 In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average sales price and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. 
 27 

Additionally, the Sunshine Act within the Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) report annually to CMS information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, the physicians and teaching hospitals and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. This information is made publicly available on a CMS website, and failure to report accurately could result in penalties. In addition, many states also govern the reporting of payments or other transfers of value, many of which differ from each other in significant ways, are often not pre-empted, and may have a more prohibitive effect than the Sunshine Act, thus further complicating compliance efforts. 
 
 In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several state and local laws have been enacted requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical studies and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. In addition, all of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 
 Ensuring business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations is a costly endeavor. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state healthcare laws described above or any other current or future governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including without limitation, civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, injunctions, private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, or refusal to allow us to enter into government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 
 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and in foreign markets, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage and establish adequate reimbursement levels for such products. In the United States, third-party payors include federal and state healthcare programs, private managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. 
 
 Adequate coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid in the United States, and commercial payors are critical to new product acceptance. 
 
 Our ability to commercialize any products successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which therapeutics they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a therapeutic is: 
 
 28 

a covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe, effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate for the specific patient; 

cost-effective; and 

neither experimental nor investigational. 

We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if coverage and reimbursement are available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Coverage may also be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product for which we obtain regulatory approval. 
 
 Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity, and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products, therapies, and services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. Obtaining reimbursement for our products may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with branded drugs and drugs administered under the supervision of a physician. We may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. Obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our product on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate that we successfully develop. 
 
 Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. In the European Union, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical studies that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. 
 
 The marketability of any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, and additional legislative changes in the United States has increased, and we expect will continue to increase, the pressure on healthcare pricing. The downward pressure on the rise in healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription medicines, medical devices and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become very intense. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 
 Healthcare Reform 
 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing 
 29 
 
 approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect the ability to profitably sell product candidates for which marketing approval is obtained. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 
 For example, the Affordable Care Act has substantially changed healthcare financing and delivery by both governmental and private insurers. The Affordable Care Act and its implementing regulations, among other things, revised the methodology for calculating rebates for covered outpatient drugs and certain biologics owed by manufacturers to the state and federal government under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate program to utilization of prescriptions of individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, subjected manufacturers to new annual fees and taxes for certain branded prescription drugs, and expanded programs designed to test innovative payment models, service delivery models, or value-based arrangements, and fund comparative effectiveness research. 
 
 Some of the provisions of the Affordable Care Act have yet to be implemented, and there have been legal and political challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. We anticipate that the Affordable Care Act, if substantially maintained in its current form, will continue to result in additional downward pressure on coverage and the price that we receive for any approved product, and could seriously harm our business. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenue from product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. 
 
 In addition, further legislation or regulation could be passed that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. For example, in August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals in spending reductions. The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for fiscal years 2012 through 2021, triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect beginning on April 1, 2013 and will stay in effect through 2027 unless additional Congressional action is taken. In January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 
 Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. 
 
 Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. For example, after some pharmacy benefit managers and insurers adopted policies stating that the amount of a copay coupon would not be applied to the enrollee s deductible or out-of-pocket maximum (referred to as accumulator adjustment programs ), some states passed legislation banning these policies. Based on a rule that will take effect in the 2020 plan year, CMS will allow accumulator adjustment programs only when used for a branded drug that has a generic equivalent. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates, if approved. 
 30 

Future legislation or regulation 
 
 Other legislative changes have been adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. For example, in August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals in spending reductions. The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for fiscal years 2012 through 2021, triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect beginning on April 1, 2013 and will stay in effect through 2029 unless additional Congressional action is taken. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, or CARES Act, which was signed into law in March 2020 and was designed to provide financial support and resources to individuals and businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, suspended the 2 reductions from May 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, and extended the sequester by one year, through 2030. In January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 
 Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. 
 
 Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. For example, after some pharmacy benefit managers and insurers adopted policies stating that the amount of a copay coupon would not be applied to the enrollee s deductible or out-of-pocket maximum (referred to as accumulator adjustment programs ), some states passed legislation banning these policies. Based on a rule that will take effect in the 2020 plan year, CMS will allow accumulator adjustment programs only when used for a branded drug that has a generic equivalent. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates, if approved. 
 
 Additional Regulation 
 
 In addition to the foregoing, local, state and federal laws, including such matters as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazard control and hazardous substances, including, in the United States, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservancy and Recovery Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and other laws govern our use, handling and disposal of various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated by, our operations. If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous or biohazardous substances, we could be liable for damages, environmental remediation, and/or governmental fines. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and occupational health and safety laws that continued compliance therewith will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, how changes in these laws may affect our future operations. We may incur significant costs to comply with such laws and regulations now or in the future. 
 
 Government Regulation and Product Approval 
 
 Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, including any manufacturing changes, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, 
 31 
 
 post-approval monitoring and reporting, import and export of pharmaceutical products, biological products and medical devices, such as those we are developing. 
 
 Disclosure of clinical study information 
 
 Sponsors of applicable clinical studies of FDA regulated products, including drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical study information. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical study is then made public on the ClinicalTrials.gov website as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical studies after completion. Disclosure of the results of these studies can be delayed until the new product or new indication being studied has been approved. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. 
 
 Expedited Programs for Serious Conditions 
 
 The FDA maintains several programs intended to facilitate and expedite development and review of new drugs and biologics to address unmet medical needs in the treatment of serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions. These programs include Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, Priority Review and Accelerated Approval. These programs can significantly reduce the time it takes for the FDA to review a BLA or NDA, but they do not guarantee that a product will receive FDA approval. Even if a product qualifies initially, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review will not be shortened. In May 2018, the Right to Try Act also established a program to increase access to unapproved, investigational treatments for patients diagnosed with life-threatening diseases or conditions who have exhausted approved treatment options and who are unable to participate in a clinical study. 
 
 A new drug or biologic is eligible for Fast Track designation if it is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for such disease or condition. Fast Track designation provides increased opportunities for sponsor interactions with the FDA during preclinical and clinical development, in addition to the potential for rolling review once a marketing application is filed, meaning that the agency may review portions of the marketing application before the sponsor submits the complete application, as well as Priority Review, discussed below. In addition, a new drug or biologic may be eligible for Breakthrough Therapy designation if it is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Breakthrough Therapy designation provides all the features of Fast Track designation in addition to intensive guidance on an efficient drug development program beginning as early as Phase 1, and FDA organizational commitment to expedited development, including involvement of senior managers and experienced review staff in a cross-disciplinary review, where appropriate. 
 
 Any product submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product with Fast Track or Breakthrough Therapy designation, may also be eligible for additional FDA programs intended to expedite the review and approval process, including Priority Review designation and accelerated approval. A product is eligible for Priority Review if it has the potential to provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious disease or condition. Under priority review, FDA will review an application in six months compared to ten months for a standard review. Products are eligible for accelerated approval if they can be shown to have an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or an effect on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality which is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatment. Accelerated approval is usually contingent on a sponsor s agreement to conduct additional post-approval studies to verify and describe the product s clinical benefit. In addition, unless otherwise informed by the FDA, the FDA currently requires, as a condition for accelerated approval, that all advertising and promotional materials that are intended for dissemination or publication be submitted to FDA for review before the initial dissemination or publication. 
 
 Orphan drugs 
 
 32 
 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs or biologics intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the drug or biologic and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation is taken into consideration but generally does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The first NDA or BLA applicant to receive FDA approval for a particular active ingredient to treat a particular disease with FDA orphan drug designation is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period in the United States for that product, for that indication. During the seven-year exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug or biologic for the same orphan indication, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. This is the case despite an earlier court opinion holding that the Orphan Drug Act unambiguously required the FDA to recognize orphan exclusivity regardless of a showing of clinical superiority. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug or biologic for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA or BLA application user fee. 
 
 Pediatric information and exclusivity 
 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, an NDA, BLA or supplement to an NDA or BLA must contain data from pediatric studies that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug or biological product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. Under the FDASIA, the FDA has additional authority to take action against manufacturers not adhering to pediatric study requirements. Unless otherwise required by regulation, the pediatric data requirements do not apply to products with orphan drug designation. 
 
 Pediatric exclusivity is a type of non-patent exclusivity in the United States and, if granted, provides for the attachment of an additional six months of marketing protection to the term of any existing regulatory exclusivity or patent protection, including the non-patent and orphan exclusivity. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if an application sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request from the FDA for such data. The data do not need to show the product to be effective in the pediatric population studied; rather, if the clinical study is deemed to fairly respond to the FDA s request, the additional protection is granted. 
 
 The Hatch-Waxman Act 
 
 Abbreviated new drug applications 
 
 In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA each patent that claims to cover the applicant s product. Upon approval of a drug, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential competitors in support of approval of an ANDA. Generally, an ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths and dosage form as the listed drug and has been shown through bioequivalence testing to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug. Other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing, ANDA applicants are not required to conduct or submit results of preclinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness of their drug product. Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as generic equivalents to the listed drug and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug. 
 
 The ANDA applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify that: 

the required patent information has not been filed; 

33 

the listed patent has expired; 

the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or 

the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. 

A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product s listed patents or that such patents are invalid is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the ANDA applicant does not challenge the listed patents, the ANDA will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. 
 
 If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the ANDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days after the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of a 30-month period, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that the patent involved is deemed invalid or not infringed. 
 
 The ANDA also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired. Federal law provides a period of five years following approval of a drug containing no previously approved active ingredients during which ANDAs for generic versions of those drugs cannot be received by the FDA, except that the application may be submitted in four years if it contains a Paragraph IV certification. If there is no listed patent in the Orange Book, there may not be a Paragraph IV certification, and thus, no ANDA may be filed before the expiration of the exclusivity period. Federal law provides for a period of three years of exclusivity following approval of a listed drug that contains previously approved active ingredients but is approved in a new dosage form, route of administration or combination, or for a new use, the approval of which was required to be supported by new clinical studies conducted by or for the sponsor, during which the FDA cannot grant effective approval of an ANDA based on that listed drug. 
 
 The FDA must establish a priority review track for certain generic drugs, requiring the FDA to review a drug application within eight months for a drug that has three or fewer approved drugs listed in the Orange Book and is no longer protected by any patent or regulatory exclusivities, or is on the FDA s drug shortage list. The FDA must also expedite review of competitor generic therapies or drugs with inadequate generic competition, including holding meetings with or providing advice to the drug sponsor prior to submission of the application. 
 
 Patent term extension 
 
 After NDA approval, owners of relevant drug patents may apply for up to a five year patent term extension. The allowable patent term extension is calculated as half of the drug s testing phase, based on the time between IND application and submission of the NDA, and all of the review phase, based on the time between the NDA submission and approval up to a maximum of five years. The time can be shortened if the FDA determines that the applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The total patent term after the extension may not exceed 14 years. 
 
 For patents that might expire during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent term extension. An interim patent term extension increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent term extension granted, the post-approval patent term extension is reduced by one year. The director of the USPTO must determine that approval of the drug covered by the patent for which a patent term extension is being sought is likely. 
 
 Interim patent term extensions are not available for a drug for which an NDA has not been submitted. 
 
 Section 505(b)(2) new drug applications 
 
 34 
 
 Most drug products obtain FDA marketing approval pursuant to an NDA or an ANDA. A third alternative is a special type of NDA, commonly referred to as a Section 505(b)(2) NDA, which enables the applicant to rely, in part, on the FDA s previous approval of a similar product, or published literature, in support of its application. 
 
 Section 505(b)(2) NDAs often provide an alternate path to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products. Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. If the Section 505(b)(2) applicant can establish that reliance on the FDA s previous approval is scientifically appropriate, it may eliminate the need to conduct certain preclinical or clinical studies of the new product. The FDA may also require companies to perform additional studies or measurements to support the change from the approved product. The FDA may then approve the new product for all or some of the label indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. 
 
 To the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on studies conducted for an already approved product, the applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the Orange Book to the same extent that an ANDA applicant would. As a result, approval of a Section 505(b)(2) NDA can be stalled until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired, until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired, and, in the case of a Paragraph IV certification and subsequent patent infringement suit, until the earlier of a 30-month period, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that the patent involved is deemed invalid or not infringed. 
 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 
 Any products manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing user fee requirements, under which FDA assesses an annual program fee for each product identified in an approved BLA or NDA. Biologic manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 
 
 The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 

restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of a product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical studies; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of existing product approvals; 

35 

product seizure or detention, or refusal of the FDA to permit the import or export of products; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of biologic regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 
 
 Biosimilars and Reference Product Exclusivity 
 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Affordable Care Act, signed into law in 2010, includes a subtitle called the BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-approved reference biological product. To date, a number of biosimilars have been licensed under the BPCIA, and numerous biosimilars have been approved in Europe. The FDA has issued several guidance documents outlining an approach to review and approval of biosimilars. 
 
 Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical study or studies. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered multiple times to an individual, the biologic and the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. Complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structures of biological products, as well as the processes by which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to implementation of the abbreviated approval pathway that are still being worked out by the FDA. 
 
 Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical studies to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. At this juncture, it is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy law. 
 
 The BPCIA is complex and continues to be interpreted and implemented by the FDA. In addition, recent government proposals have sought to reduce the 12-year reference product exclusivity period. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of recent litigation. As a result, the ultimate impact, implementation, and impact of the BPCIA is subject to significant uncertainty. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The following risk factors are not exhaustive and investors are encouraged to perform their own investigation with respect to the business, prospects, financial condition and operating results of Revelation and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our audited financial statements and related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We may face additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, which may also impair our business, prospects, financial condition or operating results. The 
 36 
 
 following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes to the financial statements included herein. 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein to Program Products refers to Revelation s REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99a, REVTx-99b and REVDx-501 programs. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Although our financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, we have a limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale. We have incurred net losses since our inception, we anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and even if we were to generate revenue, we may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 
 We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history may make it difficult to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. We commenced our operations in May 2020, and, to date, our operations have been limited to organizing and staffing our Company, business planning, raising capital, conducting research and development activities, including early clinical study, and providing general and administrative support for these operations. Investment in biopharmaceutical product development and diagnostic device is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate and/or diagnostic device will fail to demonstrate adequate effect and/or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval or become commercially viable. We currently have no products approved for commercial sale, we have not generated any revenue from product sales to date and we continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. We have limited experience as a Company conducting clinical studies and no experience as a Company commercializing any products. 
 
 We are not profitable and have incurred net losses since our inception. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 25.3 million. Consequently, predictions about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer operating history or a history of successfully developing and commercializing pharmaceutical products. We have spent, and expect to continue to spend, significant resources to fund research and development of, conduct clinical studies, and seek regulatory approvals for, our Program Products, and any future product candidates. We expect to incur substantial and increasing operating losses over the next several years as our research, development, preclinical testing and clinical study activities increase. As a result, our accumulated deficit will also increase significantly. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and expected future losses have, had and will continue to have a material adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 
 
 Additionally, taking into consideration the net proceeds of approximately 14.0 million received in connection with the public offering completed in February of 2023, we do not anticipate that our current cash and cash equivalents balance will be sufficient to sustain operations within one year after the date that our audited financial statements for December 31, 2022 were issued, which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In our own required quarterly assessments, we may continue to conclude that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, and the current and future reports from our independent registered public accounting firm contains and may also contain statements expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 If we seek additional financing to fund our business activities in the future and there remains substantial doubt about going concern, investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our ability to raise more equity capital will depend in part on our ability to amend our certificate of incorporation to authorize additional shares of Common Stock. 
 
 The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. 
 
 37 
 
 We have no products approved for marketing in any jurisdiction, our Program Products are in early stages of development. We have never generated any revenue from product sales. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with strategic collaboration partners, to successfully complete the development of and obtain the regulatory and marketing approvals necessary to commercialize one or more of our Program Products. We do not anticipate generating revenue from product sales in the next couple of years. Even if we eventually generate product revenue, we may never be profitable and, if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 
 We may not be able to raise additional funding on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain funding on acceptable terms and on a timely basis may require us to curtail, delay or discontinue our product development efforts or other operations. Raising additional funding may cause dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 Developing our Program Products is expensive, and we expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance our Program Products through clinical studies, manufacturing and regulatory approval. We expect to finance future cash needs through public or private equity or debt offerings or product collaborations. We do not have any committed external source of funds. We cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all, and the terms of any financing may adversely affect the interests or rights of our stockholders. Even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or if we have specific strategic considerations. The issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may affect the value of your investment. 
 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of such securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. 
 
 If we do not raise additional capital, we may not be able to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, our business and financial condition will be negatively impacted, and we may need to: 

significantly delay, scale back or discontinue research and discovery efforts and the development or commercialization of our Product Programs and future program candidates or cease operations altogether; 

seek strategic alliances for research and development programs when we otherwise would not, or at an earlier stage than we would otherwise desire or on terms less favorable than might otherwise be available; or 

relinquish, or license on unfavorable terms, our rights to technologies or any product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves. 

Risks Related to the Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and 
 Commercialization of Our Program Products and Product Candidates 
 
 If preclinical studies or clinical studies for our Program Products are unsuccessful or delayed, we will be unable to meet our future development goals. 
 
 Conducting clinical studies for any product candidates for approval in the United States requires filing an IND and reaching agreement with the FDA on clinical protocols, finding appropriate clinical sites and clinical investigators, securing approvals for such studies from the IRB at each such site, manufacturing clinical quantities of product candidates and supplying drug product or devices to clinical sites. Currently, we do not have an active IND with the FDA in the United States for our Program Products. If our IND is not approved by the FDA, our clinical development timeline may be negatively impacted, and any future clinical programs may be delayed or terminated. 
 
 Even if the clinical studies are approved by FDA or other regulatory agencies, clinical study is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. A failure of one or more of our clinical 
 38 
 
 studies can occur at any time during the clinical study process. We do not know whether future clinical studies, if any, will begin on time, need to be redesigned, enroll an adequate number of patients on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. Clinical studies can be delayed, suspended or terminated for a variety of reasons, including failure to (i) generate sufficient positive preclinical and clinical data; (ii) recruit CROs, clinical investigators and patients in a timely manner; (iii) manufacture sufficient quantities at the required quality of Program Products for use in clinical studies; (iv) raise sufficient capital to fund a study; (v) comply with all applicable regulatory requirements, whether in the United States or elsewhere, and (vi) obtain successful regulatory approval from regulatory authorities like the FDA. 
 
 If we experience delays in completing any clinical study of our Program Products or successfully obtaining regulatory approval, the commercial prospects of our Program Products may be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical studies will increase our costs, slow down the development and approval process of our Program Products, and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences may significantly harm our business and financial condition. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical studies may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 
 Drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain timelines and uncertain outcomes, and the results of prior preclinical or clinical studies are not necessarily predictive of our future results. Our clinical studies may fail to adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our Program Products or any future product candidates. 
 
 To date, the primary focus of our product development has been on the development of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200 and REVTx-99a/b, our therapeutic products and REVDx-501, our diagnostic device. 
 
 Our near-term focus is on the development of REVTx-300, REVTx-100 and REVTx-200, which are in pre-clinical development working towards early clinical trials. 
 
 There is a high failure rate for product candidates proceeding through clinical studies. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical study process. Many companies in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical studies even after achieving promising results in preclinical testing and earlier-stage clinical studies. Data obtained from preclinical and clinical activities are subject to varying interpretations, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. In addition, we may experience regulatory delays or rejections as a result of many factors, including changes in regulatory policy during the development period of our Program Products. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical studies does not ensure that later clinical studies will generate the same results or otherwise provide adequate data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of a product candidate. Frequently, product candidates that have shown promising results in early clinical studies have subsequently suffered significant setbacks in later clinical studies. If we are unable to successfully demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our Program Products or other future product candidates and receive the necessary regulatory approvals, our business will be materially harmed. 
 
 The Clinical Studies of our Program Products have been and are planned to be conducted outside the United States, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such studies. 
 
 We currently have not conducted any clinical studies in the United States to date. We have conducted and we plan to conduct additional clinical studies outside the United States, including Europe, Australia, or other foreign jurisdictions. The acceptance of clinical study data by the FDA from clinical studies conducted outside the United States may be subject to certain conditions. In cases where data from clinical studies conducted outside the United States are intended to serve as the sole bases for regulatory approval in the United States, the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the United States population and United States medical practices, (ii) the studies were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and (iii) the data may be considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA or, if the FDA considers such an inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. Additionally, the FDA s clinical study requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and statistical powering, must be met. Many foreign regulatory bodies have similar approval requirements. 
 39 
 
 In addition, such foreign studies would be subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the studies are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from studies conducted outside of the United States or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional studies, which would be costly and time-consuming and delay aspects of our business plan, and may result in our Program Products not receiving regulatory approval or clearance for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 
 As an organization, we have never conducted pivotal clinical studies, and we may be unable to do so for any Program Products we may develop. 
 
 We will need to successfully complete pivotal clinical studies in order to obtain the approval of the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory agencies to market any of our Program Products. Carrying out later-stage clinical studies and the submission to the FDA of a successful NDA, BLA, 510(k) Clearance, De Novo Clearance or PMA is a complicated process. As an organization, we have not previously conducted any later stage or pivotal clinical studies and have limited experience in preparing, submitting and prosecuting regulatory filings. We may be unable to conduct clinical studies at preferred sites, enlist clinical investigators, enroll sufficient numbers of participants or begin or successfully complete clinical studies in a timely fashion, if at all. In addition, the design of a clinical study can determine whether its results will support approval of a product, and flaws in the design of a clinical study may not become apparent until the clinical study is well advanced. Because we have limited experience as a company designing clinical studies, we may be unable to successfully and efficiently execute and complete necessary clinical studies in a way that leads to successful regulatory submission and approval. We may require more time and incur greater costs than our competitors and may not succeed in obtaining regulatory approvals of product candidates that we develop. Failure to commence or complete, or delays in, our planned clinical studies, could prevent us from or delay us in commercializing our Program Products. We rely on third parties to conduct certain elements of our preclinical and clinical studies and perform other tasks for us. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our Program Products. 
 
 We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical studies, which could delay or prevent us from proceeding with clinical studies. 
 
 Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in clinical studies of our product candidates is critical to our success. The timing of our clinical studies depends in part on the speed at which we can recruit patients to participate in testing our Program Products, and we may experience delays in our clinical studies if we encounter difficulties in enrollment. Patient enrollment and retention in clinical studies depends on many factors, including the size of the patient population, number and location of the clinical sites, significant adverse events or other side effects observed, if any, the nature of the study protocol, our ability to recruit clinical study investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience, the existing body of safety and efficacy data with respect to the study drug, the number and nature of competing treatments and ongoing clinical studies of competing drugs for the same indication, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the Program Products being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating, the eligibility criteria for the study, our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents and the risk that patients enrolled in clinical studies will drop out of the studies before completion. 
 
 In addition, our competitors, some of whom have significantly greater resources than we do, are conducting clinical studies for the same indications and seek to enroll patients in their studies that may otherwise be eligible for our clinical studies or studies, which could lead to slow recruitment and delays in our clinical programs. Further, since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical studies at the same clinical study sites that some of our competitors use, which could further reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical studies in these sites. 
 
 Our inability to enroll sufficient number of patients for our clinical studies would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical studies altogether. If we are unable to enroll sufficient number of patients that will complete clinical testing, we will be unable to seek or gain marketing approval for our Program Products and any future product candidates and our business will be harmed. Even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical studies or studies, delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may 
 40 
 
 affect the timing or outcome of our clinical studies, which could prevent completion of these studies and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our Program Products and any future product candidates. 
 
 Our Program Products and the administration of our Program Products may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 
 
 The severity and frequency of undesirable side effects caused by our Program Products, could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical studies and could result in a more restrictive label, delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory agencies. Results of our studies could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of these or other side effects. In such an event, our clinical studies could be suspended or terminated, and the FDA or other regulatory agencies could order us to cease further development of or deny or withdraw approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Moreover, during the conduct of clinical studies, patients report changes in their health, including illnesses, injuries and discomforts, to their study doctor. Often, it is not possible to determine whether or not the product candidate being studied caused these conditions. 
 
 Drug-related, drug product-related, formulation-related and administration-related side effects could affect patient recruitment, the ability of enrolled patients to complete the clinical study or result in potential product liability claims, which could exceed the insurance coverage. Additionally, if one or more of our Program Products receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result. 
 
 If we or others identify undesirable or unacceptable side effects caused by our Program Products or any future product candidates or products: 

we may be required to modify, suspend or terminate our clinical studies; 

we may be required to modify or include additional dosage and administration instructions, warnings and precautions, contraindications, boxed warnings, limitations, restrictions or other statements in the product label for our approved products, or issue field alerts to physicians and pharmacies; 

we may be required to conduct costly additional clinical studies; 

we may be subject to limitations on how we may promote our approved products; 

sales of our approved products may decrease significantly; 

regulatory authorities may require us to take our approved products off the market; 

we may be subject to regulatory investigations, government enforcement actions, litigation or product liability claims; and 

our products may become less competitive, or our reputation may suffer. 

Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical studies that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary or topline data from our clinical studies, which are based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or studies. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification 
 41 
 
 procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. From time to time, we may also disclose interim data from our clinical studies. In addition, we may report interim analyses of only certain endpoints rather than all endpoints. Interim data from clinical studies that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. 
 
 In addition, adverse changes between interim data and final data could significantly harm our business and prospects. Additional disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors in the future could also result in volatility in the price of our Common Stock after this offering. Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our Company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical study is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise, appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular drug, drug candidate or our business. If the topline data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our Program Products or any future product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Even if we complete the necessary clinical studies, we cannot predict when, or if, we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize any of our Program Products, and the approval may be for a more narrow indication than we seek or be subject to other limitations or restrictions that limit its commercial profile. 
 
 Our Program Products have not received regulatory approval. We do not expect our Program Products or any future product candidate to be commercially available for years, if at all. Our Program Products are, and any future product candidate will be subject to strict regulation by regulatory authorities in the United States and in other countries. We cannot commercialize a product candidate or diagnostic device until the appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and approved such product candidate or diagnostic device. Even if our current or future Program Products meet safety and efficacy endpoints in pivotal clinical studies, the regulatory authorities may not complete their review processes in a timely manner, or we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval. Additional delays may result if an FDA Advisory Committee or other regulatory authority recommends non-approval or restrictions on approval. This may include approval of a product candidate for more limited indications than requested or they may impose significant limitations in the form of warnings. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action, or changes in regulatory authority policy during the period of product development, clinical studies and the review process. 
 
 Our business depends on the success of our Program Products, including obtaining regulatory approval to market our product candidates in the United States and/or other major foreign markets such as the EU. 
 
 We have invested, and will continue to invest, a significant portion of our time and financial resources in the clinical development of REVTx-300, REVTx-100 and REVTx-200. Historically we have invested in REVDx-501 and REVTx-99a/b until June of 2022. If we cannot successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize our Program Products, we may not be able to continue our operations. The future regulatory approval and commercial success of our Program Products are subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

we may not have sufficient financial and other resources to complete the necessary clinical studies for our Program Products, including, but not limited to, the clinical studies needed to obtain regulatory approval for commercialization; 

we may not be able to obtain regulatory authorization to proceed with various clinical studies in the United States, and even if we are able to proceed with clinical studies, the regulatory authorities may limit, delay, or put our clinical studies on hold; 

42 

we may not be able to obtain adequate evidence from our clinical studies for our Program Products; 

the results of our clinical studies may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for marketing approval; 

we cannot be certain of the number of types of clinical studies and non-clinical studies that the regulatory agencies will require in order to approve our Program Products; 

the data from clinical studies conducted outside of the United States may not be accepted by the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 

patients in our clinical studies may suffer serious adverse events for reasons that may or may not be related to our Program Products, which could delay or prevent further clinical development; 

the regulatory agencies may find deficiencies without manufacturing processes or facilities; 

the CROs, that we retain to conduct our clinical studies may take actions outside of our control that materially adversely impact our clinical studies; 

the regulatory agencies may not approve the formulation, labeling or specifications of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99b, REVDx-501 or other future product candidates; 

the regulatory agencies may change their approval policies or adopt new regulations; 

if approved, our Program Products will likely compete with products that may reach approval for the same indication or use prior to our Program Products, products that are currently approved and the products that are currently marketed products; and 

we may not be able to obtain, maintain or enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights. 

Of the large number of drugs and devices in development in the pharmaceutical industry, only a small percentage results in the submission of a marketing authorization to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities and even fewer are approved for commercialization. Furthermore, even if we do receive regulatory approval to market our Program Products, any such approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses or patient populations for which we may market the products. Accordingly, even if we are able to obtain the requisite financing to continue to fund our development programs, we may be unable to successfully develop or commercialize our Program Products. If we or any of our future development collaborators are unable to develop, or obtain regulatory approval for, or, if approved, successfully commercialize our Program Products, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to continue our business. 
 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, our products and business will remain subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and review. 
 
 Even if our Program Products are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, distribution, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies and submission of safety, efficacy and other post-market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and comparable requirements outside of the United States. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, quality of product or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a product, such regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or us, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market. 
 
 In addition, manufacturers of drug products and their facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP, regulations and standards. If we or a regulatory agency discover previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated 
 43 
 
 severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product, the manufacturing facility or us, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. If we, our product candidates or the manufacturing facilities for our product candidates fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, or undesirable side effects caused by such products are identified, a regulatory agency may: 

issue safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings about such product; 

mandate modification to promotional materials or require us to provide corrective information to healthcare practitioners; 

require that we conduct post-marketing studies; 

require us to enter into a consent decree, which can include imposition of various fines, reimbursements for inspection costs, required due dates for specific action and penalties for noncompliance; 

seek an injunction or impose civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; 

suspend marketing of, withdraw regulatory approval of or recall such product; 

suspend any ongoing clinical studies; 

refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to applications filed by us; 

suspend or impose restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or 

seize or detain products, refuse to import or export products or require us to initiate a product recall. 

The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our products and generate product revenue. 
 
 If one or more of our Program Products is approved for marketing in the United States or other countries, we may be subject, directly or indirectly, to United States or other countries equivalent federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, physician payment transparency laws and health information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 
 Even if we obtain FDA or other comparable regulatory agencies approval for any of our Program Products and begin commercializing those products in the United States or other countries, our operations may be directly or indirectly through our relationships with physicians, patients, third-party payors and customers, subject to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain our business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we research, market, sell and distribute our Program Products. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, among others, the United States Anti-Kickback Statute, the False Claims Act, the United States Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, and the Sunshine Act and analogous state laws. Ensuring that our internal operations and business arrangements with third parties comply with all applicable healthcare laws and regulations will likely be costly. 
 
 Legislative or regulatory healthcare reforms in the United States or other countries may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory clearance or approval of our Program Products and to produce, market and distribute our Program Products after clearance or approval is obtained. 
 
 From time to time, legislation is drafted and introduced in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the regulatory clearance or approval, manufacture and marketing of regulated products or the reimbursement thereof. In addition, FDA or other comparable regulatory agencies regulations and guidance are 
 44 
 
 often revised or reinterpreted by the FDA or other comparable regulatory agencies in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. Any new regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of our Program Products. We cannot determine what effect changes in regulations, statutes, legal interpretation or policies, when and if promulgated, enacted or adopted may have on our business in the future. 
 
 We face intense competition in an environment of rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may develop products and drug delivery systems that are similar, more advanced or more effective than ours, which may adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to successfully market or commercialize our Program Products. 
 
 The pharmaceutical industry in which we operate is intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. We are currently aware of various existing therapies in the market and in development that may in the future compete with our Program Products. 
 
 Even if approved, we will compete with currently approved therapies and therapies further along in development. Our competitors both in the United States and abroad include large, well-established pharmaceutical and generic companies with significantly greater name recognition and an established market share. Our competitors may be able to charge lower prices than we can, which may adversely affect our market acceptance. Many of these competitors have greater resources than we do, including financial, product development, marketing, personnel and other resources. 
 
 If our competitors market products that are more effective, safer or cheaper than our products or that reach the market sooner than our products, we may not achieve commercial success. In addition, the biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapid technological change. Because our research approach integrates many technologies, it may be difficult for us to stay abreast of the rapid changes in other technologies. If we fail to stay at the forefront of technological change, we may be unable to compete effectively. Technological advances or products developed by our competitors may render our technologies, products or product candidates obsolete, less competitive or not economical. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do and may be better equipped to develop, manufacture and market technologically superior products. In addition, many of these competitors have significantly longer operating histories and greater experience than we have in undertaking nonclinical studies and human clinical studies of new pharmaceutical products and in obtaining regulatory approvals of human therapeutic products. Many of our competitors have established distribution channels for the commercialization of their products, whereas we have no such channel or capabilities. In addition, many competitors have greater name recognition and more extensive collaborative relationships. 
 
 As a result, our competitors may obtain regulatory approval of their products more rapidly than we do or may obtain patent protection or other intellectual property rights that limit our ability to develop or commercialize our product candidate or any future product candidates. Our competitors may also develop and succeed in obtaining approval for drugs that are more effective, more convenient, more widely used and less costly or have a better safety profile than our products and these competitors may also be more successful than we are in manufacturing and marketing their products. If we are unable to compete effectively against these companies, then we may not be able to commercialize our product candidate or any future product candidates or achieve a competitive position in the market. This would adversely affect our ability to generate revenue. Our competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and commercial personnel, establishing clinical study sites and enrolling patients for clinical studies, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Our inability to compete effectively in any of these aspects of our business could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to COVID-19 and our Reliance on Third Parties 
 
 COVID-19 related disruptions have had an adverse impact on the Company s business, operations and financial performance. The Company is unable to predict the full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic, epidemic or similar public health threat will adversely impact its business, operations, financial performance, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 45 
 
 During the COVID-19 public health emergency our business was adversely affected by the inability to timely enroll patients in our clinical trials, limitations in employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our clinical studies, including because of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; delays or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators, and clinical site staff, due to competition with other pharmaceutical companies starting their clinical studies that have been delayed or paused due to the COVID-19 pandemic for limited resources such as clinical sites, site investigators, clinical site staff, as well as various other resources would or the overwork of existing investigators and staff; delays in necessary interactions with local regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government employees, and others. While we believe the global health systems and patients have largely adapted to the impact of COVID-19, the continued duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and difficult to predict. The degree to which COVID-19 related disruptions impact the Company s results in 2023 will depend on future developments, beyond the Company s knowledge or control, including governmental and third-party actions taken to contain or prevent the spread and treatment of the virus and mitigate its public health and economic effects. In addition, any future pandemic, epidemic or similar public health threat could present similar risks to the Company s business, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 We rely on third parties to conduct certain elements of our preclinical and clinical studies and perform other tasks for us. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our Program Products. 
 
 We currently rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, third parties, such as CROs, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions, consultants and clinical investigators, to conduct our clinical studies and certain aspects of our research and preclinical testing. Any of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us at any time. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, it will delay our product development activities and such alternative arrangements may not be available on terms acceptable to us. 
 
 Our reliance on these third parties for research and development activities will reduce our control over these activities but will not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical studies are conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the study. Moreover, the FDA and other regulatory agencies requires us to comply with standards, commonly referred to as current Good Clinical Practices or equivalent, for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical studies to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of study participants are protected. We also are required to register ongoing clinical studies and post the results of completed clinical. 
 
 We rely on third parties to manufacture the raw materials, including the active pharmaceutical ingredients that we use to create our therapeutic product candidate, and to manufacture the diagnostic devices, including the antibodies used for testing. Our business could be harmed if existing and prospective third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of these materials and products or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. 
 
 We rely on third party suppliers for certain raw materials necessary to manufacture our product candidates for our preclinical studies and clinical studies and to manufacture our diagnostic tests for our clinical studies. Some of these raw materials and test components are difficult to source. Because there are a limited number of suppliers for these raw materials and components, we may need to engage alternate suppliers to prevent a possible disruption of the manufacture of the materials necessary to produce our Program Products for our clinical studies, and if approved, ultimately for commercial sale. In particular, there is only one supplier for PHAD , Avanti Polar Lipids, Inc. Although we have secured enough material through a purchase order for our planned clinical trials, we do not have a long-term supply agreement with Avanti Polar Lipids, Inc. We do not have any control over the availability of raw materials and components. If we or our manufacturers are unable to purchase these raw materials or components on acceptable terms, at sufficient quality levels, or in adequate quantities, if at all, the development and commercialization of our product candidates or any future product candidates, would be delayed or there would be a shortage in supply, which would impair our ability to meet our development objectives for our Program Products or generate revenues from the sale of any approved products. 
 
 46 
 
 Until such time, if ever, as we establish a manufacturing facility that has been properly validated to comply with FDA or other comparable regulatory agencies cGMP requirements, we will not be able to independently manufacture Program Products for our planned preclinical and clinical programs. We currently rely on a third-party manufacturer for the production of our clinical study materials. And to date, REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200 and REVTx-99a/b have been manufactured by a single third-party manufacturer. This manufacturer may not be able to scale production to the larger quantities required for large clinical studies and to commercialize REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200 and REVTx-99b, if approved. REVDx-501 has also been manufactured and developed by a single third-party manufacturer. This manufacturer may not be able to scale production to the larger quantities required for a clinical study and to commercialize, if approved. Also, the third-party manufacturers may not be able to produce Program Products that meet the quality requirements. In the event that this third-party manufacturer does not successfully carry out its contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or manufacture our products in accordance with regulatory requirements or if there are disagreements between us and this third-party manufacturer, we will not be able to complete, or may be delayed in completing, the clinical studies required. In such instances, we may need to locate an appropriate replacement third-party relationship, which may not be readily available or on acceptable terms, which would cause additional delay or increased expense and would thereby have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We do not have a long-term supply agreement with any third-party manufacturer. Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufacture product candidates or products ourselves. For example, if we do not maintain our key manufacturing relationships, we may fail to find replacement manufacturers or develop our own manufacturing capabilities in a timely manner or at all, which could delay or impair our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our products and substantially increase our costs or deplete profit margins, if any. If we do find replacement manufacturers, we may not be able to enter into agreements with them on terms and conditions favorable to us, and there could be a substantial delay before new facilities could be qualified and registered with the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 

the possible failure of the third party to manufacture product candidates according to our schedule, or at all, including if our third-party contractors give greater priority to the supply of other products over our product candidates or otherwise do not satisfactorily perform according to the terms of the agreements between us and them; 

the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party because of factors beyond our control (including a failure to manufacture product candidates in accordance with our product specifications); 

the possible mislabeling of clinical supplies, potentially resulting in the wrong dose amounts being supplied or active drug or placebo not being properly identified; 

the possibility of clinical supplies not being delivered to clinical sites on time, leading to clinical study interruptions, or of drug supplies not being distributed to commercial vendors in a timely manner, resulting in lost sales; 

the possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; 

the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us; and 

reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance, quality assurance and safety and pharmacovigilance reporting. 

Certain raw materials necessary for the manufacture of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200 and REVTx-99b under our current manufacturing process, such as our API, are available only from a single supplier. Any significant delay in the acquisition or decrease in the availability of these raw materials from our supplier could considerably delay the manufacture of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200 and REVTx-99b, which could adversely impact the timing of any planned studies or the regulatory approvals of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, 
 47 
 
 REVTx-200 and REVTx-99b. The FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities require manufacturers to register manufacturing facilities. The FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities also inspect these facilities to confirm compliance with cGMP. 
 
 Contract manufacturers may face manufacturing or quality control problems causing drug substance, drug product, diagnostic test kit production and shipment delays or a situation where the contractor may not be able to maintain compliance with the applicable cGMP requirements. We may have little to no control regarding the occurrence of third-party manufacturer incidents. Any failure to comply with cGMP requirements or other FDA or comparable foreign regulatory requirements could adversely affect our clinical research activities and our ability to develop our Program Products or any future product candidates and market our Program Products following approval. 
 
 If our Program Products or any future product candidates are approved by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities for commercial sale, we may need to manufacture such product candidate in larger quantities. We intend to use third-party manufacturers for commercial quantities of our Program Products to the extent we advance this product candidate and other product candidates. Our manufacturers may not be able to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for any of our product candidates in a timely or efficient manner, or at all. If we are unable to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for a product candidate, the regulatory approval or commercial launch of that product candidate may be delayed or there may be a shortage in the supply of the product candidate. 
 
 In addition, the operations of our third-party manufacturers may be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, failures or breaches of information technology systems, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions. Damage or extended periods of interruption to our facilities due to fire, natural disaster, power loss, communications failure, unauthorized entry or other events could cause us to cease or delay development of some or all of our product candidates. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. 
 
 Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to develop our product candidates and commercialize any products that receive regulatory approval on a timely basis. 
 
 In some cases, the technical skills or technology required to manufacture our product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original manufacturer, we may have difficulty transferring such skills or technology to another third party and a feasible alternative many not exist. These factors would increase our reliance on such manufacturer or require us to obtain a license from such manufacturer in order to have another third party manufacture our product candidates. If we are required to change manufacturers for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines. The delays associated with the verification of a new manufacturer, if we are able to identify an alternative source, could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates in a timely manner or within budget. 
 
 We may not be able to obtain and maintain the third-party relationships that are necessary to develop, commercialize and manufacture some or all of our product candidates. 
 
 We expect to depend on collaborators, partners, licensees, clinical investigators, CROs, manufacturers and other third parties to support our discovery efforts, to formulate product candidates, to conduct clinical studies for some or all of our Program Products, to manufacture clinical and commercial scale quantities of our drug substance, drug product, diagnostic test and to market, sell and distribute any products we successfully develop. Any problems we experience with any of these third parties could delay the development, commercialization and manufacturing of our product candidates, which could harm our results of operations. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully negotiate agreements for, or maintain relationships with, collaborators, partners, licensees, clinical investigators, CROs, manufacturers and other third parties on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain or maintain these agreements, we may not be able to clinically 
 48 
 
 develop, formulate, manufacture, obtain regulatory approvals for or commercialize our Program Products and any future product candidates, which will in turn adversely affect our business. 
 
 We expect to expend substantial management time and effort to enter into relationships with third parties and, if we successfully enter into such relationships, to manage these relationships. In addition, substantial amounts will be paid to third parties in these relationships. However, we cannot control the amount or timing of resources our future contract partners will devote to our research and development programs, product candidates or potential product candidates, and we cannot guarantee that these parties will fulfill their obligations to us under these arrangements in a timely fashion, if at all. In addition, while we manage the relationships with third parties, we cannot control all of the operations of, and any outsourcing used by such third parties. We rely on third parties knowledge regarding specific local laws and regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions, where applicable. 
 
 We depend on our information technology systems and those of our third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants. Our internal computer systems, or those of our third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, disruptions, or incidents, which could result in a material disruption of our development programs or loss of data or compromise the privacy, security, integrity or confidentiality of sensitive information related to our business and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information. Our internal technology systems and infrastructure, and those of our current or future third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access or use resulting from malware, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures, denial-of-service attacks, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, hacking, phishing and other social engineering attacks, persons inside our organizations (including employees or contractors), loss or theft, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. Attacks on information technology systems are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and they are being conducted by increasingly sophisticated and organized foreign governments, groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. In addition to extracting or accessing sensitive information, such attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the security, confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. The prevalent use of mobile devices that access sensitive information also increases the risk of data security incidents which could lead to the loss of confidential information or other intellectual property. While to our knowledge we have not experienced any material system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations or the operations of third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors and consultants, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and significant reputational, financial, legal, regulatory, business or operational harm. The costs to us to mitigate, investigate and respond to potential security incidents, breaches, disruptions, network security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and while we have implemented security measures to protect our data security and information technology systems, our efforts to address these problems may not be successful, and these problems could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service and other harm to our business and our competitive position. 
 
 For example, the loss of clinical study data from completed, ongoing or planned clinical studies for our product candidates could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any real or perceived security breach affects our systems (or those of our third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants), or results in the loss of or accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access to, use of, release of, or other processing of personally identifiable information or damage to our data or applications or other data or applications relating to our technology or product candidates, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liabilities and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. Such a breach may require notification to governmental agencies, the media or individuals pursuant to various foreign, domestic (federal and state) privacy and security laws, if applicable, including HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and its implementing rules and regulations, as well as regulations promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission and state breach notification laws. In addition, our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related incidents. 
 49 

Any failure or perceived failure by us or any third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants to comply with our privacy, confidentiality, data security or similar obligations, or any data security incidents or other security breaches that result in the accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access to, use of, release of, processing of, or transfer of sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, may result in negative publicity, harm to our reputation, governmental investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory fines, litigation or public statements against us, could cause third parties to lose trust in us or could result in claims by third parties, including those that assert that we have breached our privacy, confidentiality, data security or similar obligations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. To the extent we maintain individually identifiable health information, we could be subject to fines and penalties (including civil and criminal) under HIPAA for any failure by us or our business associates to comply with HIPAA s requirements. Moreover, data security incidents and other security breaches can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying them may lead to increased harm. While we have implemented data security measures intended to protect our information, data, information technology systems, applications and infrastructure, there can be no assurance that such measures will successfully prevent service interruptions or data security incidents. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain effective patent rights for our product candidates or any future product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets or know-how, such proprietary information may be used by others to compete against us. 
 
 Our success will depend in significant part on our and our future licensors , licensees or collaborators ability to establish and maintain adequate protection of our owned and licensed intellectual property covering the product candidates we plan to develop, and the ability to develop these product candidates and commercialize the products resulting therefrom, without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. Our Program Products have been developed in-house and are not subject to any third-party license. In addition to taking other steps to protect our intellectual property, we file patent applications to protect inventions we have developed, seeking to protect compositions, methods of use, manufacturing methods, and other aspects of our technology. There can be no assurance that any of these patent applications will issue as patents or, for those applications that do mature into patents, that the claims of these patents will exclude others from making, using or selling our product candidates or products that compete with or are similar to our product candidates. 
 
 With respect to patent rights, we cannot be certain whether any of the technology described in our patent applications for any of our product candidates will remain relevant to our future commercial products, whether any of our patent applications will issue as patents, whether any patents that may be issued to us will effectively protect our commercial processes and product candidates, or whether any patents that may be issued to us will effectively prevent others from competing with our products. 
 
 In countries where we have not sought and do not seek patent protection, third parties may be able to manufacture and sell our product candidates without our permission, and we may not be able to stop them from doing so. 
 
 Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing or in some cases not at all, until they are issued as a patent. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we or future licensors, licensees or collaborators were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we or future licensors, licensees or collaborators were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. 
 
 Any changes we make to our Program Products or any future product candidates to cause them to have what we view as more advantageous properties may fall outside the coverage of our existing patent applications, and we may need to file new patent applications and/or seek other forms of protection for any such altered product candidates. The patent landscape surrounding the technology underlying our product candidates is crowded, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure patent protection that would adequately cover such altered Program Products or any future product candidates. 
 50 

The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we and our future licensors, licensees or collaborators may not be able to prepare, file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we or our future licensors, licensees or collaborators will fail to identify patentable aspects of inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before it is too late to obtain patent protection for them. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain or enforce the patents, covering technology that we license from or license to third parties and may be reliant on our current or future licensors, licensees or collaborators to perform these activities, which means that these patent applications may not be prosecuted, and these patents may not be enforced or maintained, in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our future licensors, licensees or collaborators fail to establish, maintain, protect or enforce such patents and other intellectual property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If our future licensors, licensees or collaborators are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. 
 
 Similar to the patent rights of other biotechnology companies, the scope, validity and enforceability of our owned and licensed patent rights generally are highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. In recent years, these areas have been the subject of much litigation in the industry. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our and our current or future licensors , licensees or collaborators patent rights are highly uncertain. Our and our future licensors , licensees or collaborators future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect our technology or product candidates, or that effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. The patent examination process may require us or our future licensors, licensees or collaborators to narrow the scope of the claims of our patent applications, which would limit the scope of patent protection that is obtained, if any. Our and our future licensors , licensees or collaborators patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology that is currently claimed in such applications unless and until a patent issues from such applications, and then only to the extent the claims that issue are broad enough to cover the technology being practiced by those third parties. 
 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 
 Filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and we may not protect our intellectual property in some countries outside the United States to the same extent as in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and certain state laws in the United States. 
 
 Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we do not have patent protection, or where we do have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our Program Products or any future product candidates and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not effectively prevent them from competing. 
 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceuticals. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or the marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being revoked, invalidated or interpreted narrowly, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us or our collaborator. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not adequately compensate us for the harm to our business. 
 
 51 
 
 Different countries impose different requirements for patentability and certain countries have heightened requirements for patentability, requiring more disclosure in the patent application or disfavoring the issuance of broad claims. In addition, certain countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In such countries, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we own or license. 
 
 We may not have sufficient patent lifespan to effectively protect our products and business. 
 
 All of our patents are in early stages. Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after its priority date. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after the resulting products are commercialized. As a result, our owned and future in-licensed patents may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. We expect to seek extensions of patent terms for our issued patents, where available. This includes in the United States under the Hatch-Waxman Act, which permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the original expiration date of the patent as compensation for regulatory delays. However, such a patent term extension cannot lengthen the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. During the period of patent term extension, the claims of a patent are not enforceable for their full scope but are instead limited to the scope of the approved product. In addition, the applicable authorities, including the FDA in the United States, and any comparable foreign regulatory authorities, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. In addition, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to the expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. If this occurs, any period during which we have the right to exclusively market our product will be shorter than we would otherwise have expected, and our competitors may obtain approval of and launch products earlier than might otherwise have been the case. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain effective proprietary rights for our Program Products or any future product candidates, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. 
 
 In addition to the protection afforded by any patents that may be granted, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect proprietary know-how that is not patentable or that we elect not to patent, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our product candidate discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and contractors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data, trade secrets and intellectual property by maintaining the physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets and intellectual property may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. 
 
 Additionally, our reliance on third parties, including CROs and outside consultants, requires us to share our trade secrets and intellectual property, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets and intellectual property will be misappropriated or publicly disclosed. The steps that we have already taken to protect our intellectual property may not be sufficient or effective, and our confidentiality, non-disclosure, or invention assignment agreements with employees, consultants, partners, or other parties may be breached and may otherwise not be effective in establishing our rights in intellectual property and in controlling access to our proprietary information. Even if we do detect violations, we may need to engage in litigation to enforce our rights, and such 
 52 
 
 litigation, even if successful, may not restore our proprietary rights or adequately compensate us for the damage to our rights or our business. 
 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 
 Third parties may infringe our patents or misappropriate or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights. In the future, we may initiate legal proceedings to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity or scope of intellectual property rights we own or control. Also, third parties may initiate legal proceedings against us to challenge the validity or scope of intellectual property rights we own, control or license. For example, generic or biosimilar drug manufacturers or other competitors or third parties may challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of our patents, requiring us to engage in complex, lengthy and costly litigation or other proceedings. These proceedings can be expensive and time-consuming and many of our adversaries in these proceedings may have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to prosecuting these legal actions than we can. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating intellectual property rights we own, control or license, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. Litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of management resources, which could harm our business and financial results. In addition, if we initiated legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering a product candidate, the defendant could assert that such patent is invalid or unenforceable, or does not cover their product candidate. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. In an infringement or declaratory judgment proceeding, a court may decide that a patent owned by or licensed to us is invalid or unenforceable or may refuse to stop the other party from using the subject matter alleged to be infringing on the grounds that our patents do not cover that subject matter. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, narrowed, held unenforceable or interpreted in such a manner that would allow third parties to enter the market with competing products. 
 
 Third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the USPTO, or opposition, derivation, revocation, reexamination, inter parties review, post-grant review or interference proceedings, or other patent office proceedings or litigation in the United States or other jurisdictions provoked by third parties or brought by us, may be necessary to determine the inventorship, priority, patentability or validity of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could leave our technology or product candidates without patent protection, could allow third parties to commercialize our technology or product candidates and compete directly with us, or without payment to us. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. Even if we successfully defend such litigation or proceeding, we may incur substantial costs and our defense may distract our management and other employees. 
 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, many foreign jurisdictions have rules of discovery that are different than those in the United States and that may make defending or enforcing our patents extremely difficult. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of shares of our Common Stock. 
 
 We may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could increase our costs and delay or prevent our development efforts. 
 
 Our commercial success depends upon our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our Program Products and any future product candidates that we may develop and use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property and proprietary rights of third parties. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. Third parties may initiate legal proceedings against us alleging that we infringe their 
 53 
 
 intellectual property rights, or we may initiate legal proceedings against third parties to challenge the validity or scope of intellectual property rights controlled by third parties, including in oppositions, interferences, revocations, reexaminations, inter parties review, post-grant review or derivation proceedings before the USPTO or its counterparts in other jurisdictions. These proceedings can be expensive and time-consuming and many of our adversaries in these proceedings may have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to prosecuting these legal actions than we can. 
 
 We could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent of a third party. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our Program Products or any future product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. 
 
 We may not be aware of all third-party intellectual property rights potentially relating to our Program Products or any future product candidates. As to pending third-party applications, we cannot predict with any certainty which claims will issue, if any, or the scope of any claims that may issue. Even if we believe third-party intellectual property claims are without merit, there is no assurance that a court would find in our favor on questions of infringement, validity, enforceability or priority. A court of competent jurisdiction could hold that these third-party patents are valid, enforceable and infringed, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to commercialize any product candidates we may develop and any other product candidates covered by the asserted third-party patents. In order to successfully challenge the validity of any such U.S. patent in federal court, we would need to overcome a presumption of validity. As this burden is a high one requiring us to present clear and convincing evidence as to the invalidity of any such U.S. patent claim, there is no assurance that a court of competent jurisdiction would invalidate the claims of any such U.S. patent. If any third-party patents were successfully asserted against us or our commercialization partners and we were unable to successfully challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of any such asserted patents, then we and our commercialization partners may be prevented from commercializing our product candidates, or may be required to pay significant damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to willfully infringe the asserted patents, or obtain a license to such patents, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to the same technologies licensed to us, and it could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. Any of the foregoing would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Although we have reviewed certain third-party patents and patent filings that we believe may be relevant to our therapeutic candidates or products, we have not conducted a freedom-to-operate search or analysis for any of our therapeutic candidates or products, and we may not be aware of patents or pending or future patent applications that, if issued, would block us from commercializing our therapeutic candidates or products. Thus, we cannot guarantee that our therapeutic candidates or products, or our commercialization thereof, do not and will not infringe any third party s intellectual property. 
 
 Changes in United States and international patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 
 As is the case with other biotechnology companies, our success is heavily dependent on IP, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biotechnology industry involve both technological and legal complexity, and therefore obtaining and enforcing biotechnology patents is costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations, which may diminish our ability to obtain and enforce patents for our inventions. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. Furthermore, depending on the Supreme Court s review of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (the Affordable Care Act ), or legislation to repeal or amend the Affordable Care Act, the twelve years of regulatory exclusivity currently provided to certain biologic products in the United States may be reduced or eliminated. Any such reduction or elimination could impair the length of exclusivity against similar products. 
 
 54 
 
 Our inability to protect our trade secrets would harm our business and competitive position. 
 
 In addition to seeking patents for some of our technology and product candidates, we also rely substantially on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary materials and information, to maintain our competitive position. We protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. However, these steps may be inadequate, we may fail to enter into agreements with all such parties or any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our trade secrets and there may be no adequate remedy available for such breach of an agreement. We cannot assure you that our trade secrets will not be disclosed or that we can meaningfully protect our trade secrets. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts both within and outside the United States may be less willing, or unwilling, to protect trade secrets. If a competitor lawfully obtained or independently developed any technology or information that we protect as trade secret, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. 
 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 

others may be able to make products that are similar to our Program Products and any future product candidates we may develop but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we may own or license in the future; 

we, or our future collaborators, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patents and pending patent applications that we may own or license in the future; 

we, or our future collaborators, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our owned or licensed intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our pending patent applications or those that we may file in the future will not result in issued patents; 

patents that we may own or license in the future may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the resulting information to develop competitive products for sale in major commercial markets in which we do not have sufficient patent rights to stop such sales; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

third-party patents may be asserted against our product candidates and technologies in a manner that threatens or harms our business; and 

we may choose not to file a patent application in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such trade secrets or know-how. 

Should any of these events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 55 
 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not maintained and adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Failure to obtain trademark registrations in the future could limit our ability to protect and enforce our trademarks and impede our marketing efforts in the countries in which we intend to operate. We may not be able to protect our rights to trademarks and trade names which we may need to build name recognition with potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. As a means to enforce any future trademark rights and prevent infringement, we may be required to file trademark claims against third parties or initiate trademark opposition proceedings. This can be time-consuming and expensive and may strain the financial resources of a company of our size, and we may not ultimately be successful in enforcing our trademark rights. In addition, our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. 
 
 Future trademark applications in the United States and in other foreign jurisdictions where we may file may not be allowed or may subsequently be opposed. Even if these applications result in registration of trademarks, third parties may challenge our use or registration of these trademarks in the future. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Operations 
 
 Our future success depends in part on our ability to retain our senior management team, directors and other key employees and to attract, retain and motivate other qualified personnel. 
 
 We may not be able to attract or retain qualified directors, personnel and consultants due to the intense competition for such individuals among in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. If we are not able to attract and retain necessary personnel and consultants to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will significantly impede the achievement of our development objectives, our ability to raise additional capital and our ability to implement our business strategy. 
 
 Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. We are highly dependent on the development, regulatory, commercialization and business development expertise of the members of our executive team, as well as other key employees and consultants. If we lose one or more of our executive officers or other key employees or consultants, our ability to implement our business strategy successfully could be seriously harmed. Any of our executive officers or other key employees or consultants may terminate their employment or consultancy arrangements with us at any time and replacing such individuals may be difficult and time-consuming because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the necessary breadth of skills and experience. Competition to hire and retain employees and consultants from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate such individuals. Additionally, we do not currently maintain key person life insurance on the lives of our executives or any of our employees. This lack of insurance means that we may not receive adequate compensation for the loss of the services of these individuals. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel, the rate and success with which we can discover and develop product candidates and our business will be limited. 
 
 We will need to expand our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 
 We are in the early stages of building the full management team and employee base that we anticipate we will need to complete the development of our Program Products and other future product candidates. As of March 21, 2023 , we had 6 employees. 
 
 As we advance our preclinical and clinical development programs for our product candidates, seek regulatory approval in the United States and elsewhere and increase the number of ongoing product development programs, we anticipate that we will need to increase our product development, scientific and administrative headcount. We will also need to establish commercial capabilities in order to commercialize any product candidates that may be approved. 
 56 
 
 Such an evolution may impact our strategic focus and our deployment and allocation of resources. Our management, personnel and systems may experience difficulty in adjusting to our growth and strategic focus. 
 
 Our ability to manage our operations and growth effectively depends upon the continual improvement of our procedures, reporting systems and operational, financial and management controls. We may not be able to implement administrative and operational improvements in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. If we do not meet these challenges, we may be unable to execute our business strategies and may be forced to expend more resources than anticipated addressing these issues. 
 
 We may acquire additional technology and complementary businesses in the future. Acquisitions involve many risks, any of which could materially harm our business, including the diversion of management s attention from core business concerns, failure to effectively exploit acquired technologies, failure to successfully integrate the acquired business or realize expected synergies or the loss of key employees from either our business or the acquired businesses. 
 
 In addition, in order to continue to meet our obligations as a public company and to support our anticipated long-term growth, we will need to increase our general and administrative capabilities. Our management, personnel and systems may not be adequate to support this future growth. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully manage our growth and the increased complexity of our operations, our business, financial position, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to identify, discover or license additional product candidates. 
 
 Although a substantial amount of our effort will focus on the continued clinical testing, potential approval and commercialization of our lead Program Products, the success of our business also depends upon our ability to identify, discover or license additional product candidates. Our research programs or licensing efforts may fail to yield additional product candidates for clinical development for a number of reasons, including (i) lack of financial or personnel resources to acquire or discover additional product candidates; (ii) product candidates may not succeed in preclinical or clinical testing; (iii) product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval; (iv) competitors may develop alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete or less attractive; (v) the market for a product candidate may change during our development program so that such product may become unprofitable to continue to develop; (vi) product candidates may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; and (vii) product candidates may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community, or third-party payors. 
 
 We may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs that are unsuccessful, or we may not be able to identify, license, or discover additional product candidates, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. Further, research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential programs or product candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. 
 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 
 Our research, development and manufacturing activities and our third-party manufacturers and suppliers activities involve the controlled storage, use and disposal of hazardous materials, including the components of our product candidates and other hazardous compounds. We and our manufacturers and suppliers are subject to laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous materials. In some cases, these hazardous materials and various wastes resulting from their use are stored at our and our manufacturers facilities pending their use and disposal. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination, which could cause an interruption of our commercialization efforts, research and development efforts and business operations, environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by our third-party manufacturers for handling and disposing of these materials generally comply 
 57 
 
 with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, we cannot guarantee that this is the case or eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In such an event, we may be held liable for any resulting damages, such liability could exceed our resources, and state or federal or other applicable authorities may curtail our use of certain materials and/or interrupt our business operations. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact of such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. We do not currently carry biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage. 
 
 Healthcare reform in the United States may negatively impact our ability to profitably sell our product candidates, if approved, and to recoup the upfront investment needed to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 
 Third-party payors, whether domestic or foreign, or governmental or commercial, are continually developing and advancing new methods of controlling healthcare costs. The United States and many foreign jurisdictions have enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 
 Affordable Care Act for example, contains provisions that have significantly changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers. We expect that current laws, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we, or any strategic collaborators, may receive for any approved products. 
 
 Since its enactment, there have been numerous judicial, administrative, executive, and legislative challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act, and we expect there will be additional challenges and amendments to the Affordable Care Act in the future. By way of example, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued the Executive Order on Strengthening Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act, which, among other things revoked certain executive orders of the previous administration that had eliminated cost sharing subsidies and various other provisions of the Affordable Care Act, stating that it is the current administration s policy to protect and strengthen Medicaid and the ACA and to make high-quality healthcare accessible and affordable for every American, and directing heads of relevant executive departments and agencies immediately to review agency actions to determine whether any such actions are inconsistent with this policy. And, on June 24, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge to the Affordable Care Act in a decision that leaves the law intact. We cannot predict what effect further changes to the Affordable Care Act would have on our business. 
 
 It is also possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 
 At the same time, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. 
 
 There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal and state levels directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate product revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenue from product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition, including our ability to recoup the upfront investment needed to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. 
 
 Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Program Products and Product Candidates 
 
 58 
 
 As we evolve from a company that is primarily involved in clinical development to a company that is also involved in commercialization, we may encounter difficulties in expanding our operations successfully. 
 
 As we advance our Program Products through clinical studies, we will need to expand our development, regulatory, manufacturing, and marketing and sales capabilities and may need to further contract with third parties to provide these capabilities, such as collaborators, distributors, marketers and additional suppliers. We currently have no experience as a Company in or infrastructure for sales, marketing and distribution, and our operations are currently limited to clinical development activities and as our operations expand, we likely will need to manage additional relationships with such third parties. 
 
 If our Program Products or any future product candidate is approved, we intend either to establish a sales organization with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities to commercialize our Program Products or any future product candidate or to outsource such functions to one or more third parties. Either of these options would be expensive and time-consuming. Some or all of these costs may be incurred in advance of any approval of our Program Products or any future product candidate. In addition, we may not be able to hire a sales force that is sufficient in size or has adequate expertise in the medical markets that we intend to target. Any failure or delay in the development of our internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely affect the commercialization of our Program Products and other future product candidates. 
 
 Maintaining third-party relationships for these purposes will impose significant added responsibilities on members of our management and other personnel. We must be able to effectively manage our development efforts, recruit and train sales and marketing personnel, effectively manage our participation in the clinical studies in which our product candidates are involved and improve our managerial, development, operational and finance systems, all of which may impose a strain on our administrative and operational infrastructure. 
 
 If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing or distribution services, any product revenues that we receive, or the profitability of these product revenues to us, are likely to be lower than if we were to market and sell any products that we develop without the involvement of these third parties. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell and market our products or in doing so on terms that are favorable to us. We likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively. If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our products. 
 
 We may seek to establish commercial collaborations for our Program Products and future product candidates, and, if we are not able to establish them on commercially reasonable terms, we may have to alter our development plans. 
 
 Our drug development programs, and the potential commercialization of our product candidates will require substantial additional cash to fund expenses. We may decide to collaborate with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. For example, we have recently licensed a patent from Vanderbilt University which is the basis of REVTx-100. 
 
 We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical studies, the likelihood of approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, the potential market for the subject product candidate, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients, the potential of competing products and the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge and industry and market conditions generally. The collaborators may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. 
 
 59 
 
 Collaborations are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. In addition, there have been a significant number of business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. 
 
 We may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 
 We currently have no Program Products approved for marketing. We do not have a marketing and sales organization. If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our Program Products, we may be unable to generate any product revenue. 
 
 We have no experience selling and marketing our Program Products, and we currently have no marketing or sales organization. To successfully commercialize any product candidates that may result from our development programs, we will need to develop these capabilities, either on our own or with others. If our product candidates receive regulatory approval, we intend to establish a sales and marketing organization independently or by utilizing experienced third parties with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities to commercialize our Program Products in major markets, all of which will be expensive, difficult and time consuming. Any failure or delay in the development of our internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact our ability to commercialize our Program Products. 
 
 Our efforts to educate the medical community, including physicians, hospital pharmacists and third-party payors on the benefits of our Program Products may require significant resources and may never be successful. If any of our Program Products are approved but fail to achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients or third-party payors, we will not be able to generate significant revenues from such product, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 It may be difficult for us to profitably sell our Program Products, if and when approved, if coverage and reimbursement for these Program Products are limited by government authorities and/or third-party payor policies. 
 
 In addition to any healthcare reform measures which may affect reimbursement, market acceptance and sales of our Program Products, if approved, will depend on, in part, the extent to which the procedures utilizing our Program Products, performed by health care providers, will be covered by third party payors, such as government health care programs, commercial insurance and managed care organizations. In the event health care providers and patients accept our Program Products as medically useful, cost effective and safe, there is uncertainty regarding whether our Program Products will be directly reimbursed, reimbursed through a bundled payment or if the product candidates will be included in another type of value-based reimbursement program. Third party payors determine the extent to which new products will be covered as a benefit under their plans and the level of reimbursement for any covered product or procedure which may utilize a covered product. It is difficult to predict at this time what third party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our Program Products. 
 
 Obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval for a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide supporting scientific, clinical and cost effectiveness data for the use of our products to the payor. Additionally, we may not be able to provide data sufficient to gain acceptance with respect to coverage and reimbursement. We cannot be sure that coverage or adequate reimbursement will be available for our product candidates, if approved. Also, we cannot be sure that reimbursement amounts will not reduce the demand for, or the price of, our future products. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to commercialize our product candidates, or achieve profitably at all, even if approved. 
 
 60 
 
 Our business entails a significant risk of clinical study and/or product liability and our ability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 
 Our business exposes us to significant clinical study and/or product liability risks inherent in the development, testing, manufacturing and marketing of therapeutic treatments. Clinical study liability claims could delay or prevent completion of our development programs. If we succeed in marketing products, product liability claims could result in an FDA investigation of the safety and effectiveness of our products, our manufacturing processes and facilities or our marketing programs and potentially a recall of our products or more serious enforcement action, limitations on the approved indications for which they may be used or suspension or withdrawal of approvals. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may also result in decreased demand for our products, injury to our reputation, costs to defend the related litigation, a diversion of management s time and our resources, substantial monetary awards to study participants or patients and a decline in our Company valuation. We currently carry insurance coverage to the limit required by clinical sites for our clinical study. We do not anticipate carrying product liability insurance until such time we have a commercially available product. Our current insurance coverage or any other insurance coverage that we may obtain in the future may not provide sufficient coverage against potential liabilities. Furthermore, clinical study and product liability insurance are becoming increasingly expensive. As a result, we may be unable to obtain sufficient insurance at a reasonable cost to protect us against losses caused by clinical study and product liability claims that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 
 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical studies and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any resulting products. Product liability claims may be brought against us by subjects enrolled in our clinical studies, patients, or others using our products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or products that we may develop caused injuries, we could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we may develop; 

product recalls or a change in the indications for which products may be used; 

termination of clinical study sites or entire study programs; 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

withdrawal of clinical study participants; 

significant costs to defend the related litigation; 

substantial monetary awards to study subjects or patients; 

loss of revenue; 

diversion of management and scientific resources from our business operations; and 

the inability to commercialize any products that we may develop. 

Our clinical study liability insurance coverage may not adequately cover all liabilities that we may incur. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. Our inability to obtain product liability insurance at an acceptable cost or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or delay the commercialization of any products or product candidates that we develop. We intend to expand our insurance coverage for products to include the sale of commercial products if we obtain marketing approval for our product candidates in development, but we may be unable to obtain 
 61 
 
 commercially reasonable product liability insurance for any products approved for marketing. Large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. If we are sued for any injury caused by our products, product candidates or processes, our liability could exceed our product liability insurance coverage and our total assets. Claims against us, regardless of their merit or potential outcome, may also generate negative publicity or hurt our ability to obtain physician endorsement of our products or expand our business. 
 
 Our employees, contractors, vendors, principal investigators, consultants and future partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, contractors, vendors, principal investigators, consultants or future partners. Misconduct by these parties could include failures to comply with FDA regulations, to provide accurate information to the FDA, to comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, to report financial information or data timely, completely or accurately, or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Third-party misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical studies, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. Although we have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us resulting from this misconduct and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. If we or our future partners market products in a manner that violates fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws, or if we or our future partners violate government price reporting laws, we or our future partners may be subject to administrative civil and/or criminal penalties, among other sanctions. 
 
 Pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of promotional and marketing activities, such as: providing free trips, free goods, sham consulting fees and grants and other monetary benefits to prescribers; reporting to pricing services inflated average wholesale prices that were then used by federal programs to set reimbursement rates; engaging in off-label promotion; and submitting inflated best price information to the Medicaid Rebate Program to reduce liability for Medicaid rebates. Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. 
 
 Our business operations and relationships with investigators, healthcare professionals, consultants, third-party payors, patient organizations and customers are subject to broadly applicable healthcare regulatory laws, which could expose us to penalties. 
 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidate for which we obtain regulatory approval. Our current and future arrangements may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we would market, sell and distribute our products. Even though we will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors, federal and state healthcare laws pertaining to fraud and abuse are and will be applicable to our business. Such laws include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Federal false claims, false statements and civil monetary penalties laws, including the federal civil FCA, which can be enforced through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, prohibit, among others, any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid. 

62 

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce, or in return for, purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare programs. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers, on the one hand, and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers, on the other. Although there are several statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. In addition, the intent standard under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Affordable Care Act to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Moreover, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. 

The federal HIPAA, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme or artifice to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private), willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

Patient data privacy and security regulation, including, in the United States, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH ), and their respective implementing regulations, which impose specified requirements on covered entities, including healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as their respective business associates that perform services for them that involve the use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. 

The federal transparency requirements under the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, enacted as part of the Affordable Care Act, that require applicable manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to track and annually report to CMS payments and other transfers of value provided to physicians and teaching hospitals and certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians or their immediate family members in the applicable manufacturer, and disclosure of such information will be made by CMS on a publicly available website. 

Analogous state, local or foreign laws, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state and local marketing and/or transparency laws applicable to manufacturers that may be broader in scope than the federal requirements; state laws that require biopharmaceutical companies to comply with the biopharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government; state and local laws that require licensure or registration by sales and marketing agents of a pharmaceutical company; state laws that require disclosure of information related to drug pricing; and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect as HIPAA. 

Pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of promotional and marketing activities, such as: providing free trips, free goods, sham consulting fees and grants and other monetary benefits to prescribers; reporting to pricing services inflated average wholesale prices that were then 
 63 
 
 used by federal programs to set reimbursement rates; engaging in off-label promotion; and submitting inflated best price information to the Medicaid Rebate Program to reduce liability for Medicaid rebates. Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. 
 
 The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and we may be affected by or subject to new, amended or existing laws and regulations in the future, including as our operations continue to expand or if we operate in foreign jurisdictions. Several foreign jurisdictions, including the EU, its member states, the United Kingdom, Japan and Australia, among others, have adopted legislation and regulations that increase or change the requirements governing the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of the personal information of individuals in these jurisdictions. Additionally, certain countries have passed or are considering passing laws that require local data residency and/or restrict the international transfer of data. These laws have the potential to increase costs of compliance, risks of noncompliance and penalties for noncompliance. 
 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, additional oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, that person or entity may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. 
 
 Data collection is governed by restrictive regulations governing the collection, use, processing and cross-border transfer of personal information. 
 
 We have completed a Phase 2b clinical study in Europe and we will continue to collect, process, use or transfer personal information from individuals located in the EEA in connection with our business, including in connection with conducting clinical studies in the EEA. Additionally, if any of our product candidates are approved, we may seek to commercialize those products in the EEA. The collection and use of personal health data in the EEA is governed by the provisions of the GDPR, along with other European Union and country-specific laws and regulations. The United Kingdom and Switzerland have also adopted data protection laws and regulations. These legislative acts (together with regulations and guidelines) impose requirements relating to having legal bases for processing personal data relating to identifiable individuals and transferring such data outside of the EEA, including to the United States, providing details to those individuals regarding the processing of their personal data, keeping personal data secure, having data processing agreements with third parties who process personal data, responding to individuals requests to exercise their rights in respect of their personal data, reporting security breaches involving personal data to the competent national data protection authority and affected individuals, appointing data protection officers or corporate representatives, conducting data protection impact assessments and record-keeping. The GDPR imposes additional responsibilities and liabilities in relation to personal data that we process and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and related national data protection laws of the member states of the EEA and other states in the EEA may result in substantial fines, other administrative penalties and civil claims being brought against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. European data protection authorities may interpret the GDPR and national laws differently and may impose additional requirements, which adds to the complexity of processing personal data in or from the EEA or United Kingdom. Guidance on implementation and compliance practices are often updated or otherwise revised. Compliance with the GDPR will be a rigorous and time-intensive process that may increase our cost of doing business or require us to change our business practices, and despite those efforts, there is a risk that we may be subject to fines and penalties, litigation, and reputational harm in connection with our European activities. 
 
 In addition, in 2018 California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which created new individual privacy rights for California consumers (as defined in the law) and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The CCPA requires covered companies to 
 64 
 
 provide new disclosure to consumers about such companies data collection, use and sharing practices, provide such consumers new ways to opt-out of certain sales or transfers of personal information, and provide consumers with additional causes of action. The CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020, and the California Attorney General commenced enforcement actions for violations on July 1, 2020. Moreover, the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, which was passed in November 2020 and will go into effect on January 1, 2023, with a look-back period to January 1, 2022. The CPRA significantly modified the CCPA, resulting in further uncertainty and requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. The CCPA and the CPRA, may impact our business activities and exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and protected health information. 
 
 Compliance with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Any actual or alleged failure to comply with U.S. or international laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and data security could result in governmental investigations, proceedings and enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation or adverse publicity, harm to our reputation, and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical study subjects about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use and disclose the information or impose other obligations or restrictions in connection with our use, retention and other processing of information, and we may otherwise face contractual restrictions applicable to our use, retention, and other processing of information. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. 
 
 Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme disruptions at various points over the last few decades, characterized by diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. If another such disruption in credit and financial markets and deterioration of confidence in economic conditions occurs, our business may be adversely affected. If the equity and credit markets were to deteriorate significantly in the future, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and share price and could require us to delay or abandon development or commercialization plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our service providers, manufacturers or other partners would not survive or be able to meet their commitments to us under such circumstances, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
 
 We are subject to U.S. and certain foreign export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal standards could impair our ability to compete in domestic and international markets. We can face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which can harm our business. 
 
 We are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, contractors, and other collaborators from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. We may engage third parties to sell our products sell our products outside the United States, to conduct clinical studies, and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, contractors, 
 65 
 
 and other collaborators, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. 
 
 Changes in our effective income tax rate could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States. Various factors may have favorable or unfavorable effects on our effective income tax rate. These factors include, but are not limited to, interpretations of existing tax laws, changes in tax laws and rates, the accounting for stock options and other stock-based compensation, changes in accounting standards, future levels of research and development spending, changes in the mix and level of pre-tax earnings in different jurisdictions, the outcome of audits or other examinations by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and tax regulators in other jurisdictions, the accuracy of our estimates for unrecognized tax benefits, the realization of deferred tax assets and changes to our ownership or capital structure. The impact of the above-mentioned factors and others on our effective income tax rate may be significant and could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to penetrate foreign markets, where we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties. 
 
 Our future profitability may depend, in part, on our ability to commercialize our product candidates in foreign markets for which we may rely on collaboration with third parties. We are evaluating the opportunities for the development and commercialization of our product candidates in foreign markets. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the applicable regulatory authority in that foreign market, and we may never receive such regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. To obtain separate regulatory approvals in other countries, we may be required to comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such countries regarding the safety and efficacy of our product candidates and governing, among other things, clinical studies and commercial sales, pricing and distribution of our product candidates, and we cannot predict success in these jurisdictions. We may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. If we obtain approval of our product candidates and ultimately commercialize our product candidates in foreign markets, we would be subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including: 

our customers ability to obtain reimbursement for our product candidates in foreign markets; 

our inability to directly control commercial activities if we are relying on third parties; the burden of complying with complex and changing foreign regulatory, tax, accounting and legal requirements; 

different medical practices and customs in foreign countries affecting acceptance in the marketplace; 

import or export licensing requirements; 

longer accounts receivable collection times; 

our ability to supply our product candidates on a timely and large-scale basis in local markets; 

longer lead times for shipping which may necessitate local manufacture of our product candidates; 

language barriers for technical training and the need for language translations; 

reduced protection of patent and other intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; 

the existence of additional potentially relevant third-party intellectual property rights; 

foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and 

the interpretation of contractual provisions governed by foreign laws in the event of a contract dispute. 

66 
 
 Foreign sales of our product candidates could also be adversely affected by the imposition of governmental controls, political and economic instability, trade restrictions and changes in tariffs. 
 
 If any of our product candidates is approved for commercialization, we may selectively partner with third parties to market it in certain jurisdictions outside the United States. We expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to international pharmaceutical operations, including: 

different regulatory requirements for drug approvals and rules governing drug commercialization in foreign countries, including requirements specific to biologics or cell therapy products; 

reduced protection for patent and other intellectual property rights; 

foreign reimbursement, pricing and insurance regimes; 

potential noncompliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and similar anti-bribery and anticorruption laws in other jurisdictions; and 

production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad. 

We have no prior experience in these areas. In addition, there are complex regulatory, tax, labor and other legal requirements imposed by both the EU and many of the individual countries in Europe with which we will need to comply. Many U.S.-based biotechnology companies have found the process of marketing their own products in Europe to be very challenging. 
 
 Certain legal and political risks are also inherent in foreign operations. There is a risk that foreign governments may nationalize private enterprises in certain countries where we may operate. In certain countries or regions, terrorist activities and the response to such activities may threaten our operations more than in the United States. Social and cultural norms in certain countries may not support compliance with our corporate policies, including those that require compliance with substantive laws and regulations. Also, changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we may operate are a risk to our financial performance and future growth. Additionally, the need to identify financially and commercially strong partners for commercialization outside the United States who will comply with the high manufacturing and legal and regulatory compliance standards we require is a risk to our financial performance. As we operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. There can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our international operations will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In some countries, particularly in Europe, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a drug. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct clinical studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of our product candidates to other available therapies. If reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be harmed, possibly materially. 
 
 We face the risk of product liability claims and may not be able to obtain insurance. 
 
 Our business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims that are inherent in the development of drugs and diagnostic devices. We may be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims brought against us by clinical study participants, consumers, health care providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling our products. Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of pharmaceutical products we develop, alone or with collaborators. While we currently carry clinical study insurance and product liability insurance, the amount of insurance coverage we hold now may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we might incur. We intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products if we obtain marketing approval for our product candidates in development, but we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance for 
 67 
 
 any products approved for marketing. If we are unable to obtain insurance at an acceptable cost or otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, we will be exposed to significant liabilities, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial position. If we are sued for any injury allegedly caused by our Program Products, our liability could exceed our total assets and our ability to pay the liability. A product liability claim or series of claims brought against us would decrease our cash and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 
 Our insurance policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 
 
 We carry insurance for most categories of risk that our business may encounter; however, we may not have adequate levels of coverage. We currently maintain general liability, property, workers compensation, clinical study, products liability and directors and officers insurance, along with an umbrella policy. We may not be able to maintain existing insurance at current or adequate levels of coverage. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our cash position and results of operations. 
 
 We have no current plans to pay dividends on our Shares of Common Stock. 
 
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. If we incur indebtedness in the future to fund our future growth, our ability to pay dividends may be further restricted by the terms of such indebtedness. 
 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, which could harm our operating results, investors views of us and, as a result, the value of our Common Stock. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management will be required to report upon the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting beginning with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. When and if we are a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and are no longer an emerging growth company or smaller reporting company, each as defined in the Exchange Act, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. However, for so long as we remain an emerging growth company or smaller reporting company, we intend to take advantage of an exemption available to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies from these auditor attestation requirements. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation. To comply with the requirements of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act, we will need to upgrade our systems including information technology; implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems, and procedures; and hire additional accounting and finance staff. If we or, if required, our auditors are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting, and the trading price of our Common Stock may decline. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, only two years of audited financial statements in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosure, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, exemptions from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and seeking stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved and not being required to adopt certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We could be an emerging growth company until the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the IPO, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if we become a large accelerated filer (in which case we will cease to be an emerging company as of the date we become a large accelerated filer, which, generally, would occur if, at the end of a fiscal year, among other things, the 
 68 
 
 market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter), if we have total annual gross revenue of 1.07 billion or more during any fiscal year (in which cases we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of March 31 of such fiscal year), or if we issue more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during any three year period before that time (in which case we would cease to be an emerging growth company immediately). Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would allow us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 
 Our Common Stock price may be volatile and as a result you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 In addition to volatility associated with equity securities in general, the value of your investment could decline due to the impact of any of the following factors upon the market price of our shares of Common Stock: 

disappointing results from our development efforts; 

decline in demand for our shares of Common Stock; 

downward revisions in securities analysts estimates or changes in general market conditions; 

technological innovations by competitors or in competing products; 

investor perception of our industry or our prospects; and 

general economic trends. 

Stock markets in general have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, and the market prices of securities have been highly volatile. These fluctuations are often unrelated to operating performance and may adversely affect the market price of our shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Potential future sales pursuant to registration rights granted by the Company and under Rule 144 may depress the market price for our shares of Common Stock. 
 
 The Company has granted a number of its stockholders registration rights with respect to their shares of Common Stock. See the section titled Registration Rights. Such future sales of our shares of Common Stock by our existing stockholders, pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of any registration statement, may have a depressive effect on the market price of our shares of Common Stock. Further, in general, under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, a person who has satisfied a minimum holding period of between six months and one-year and any other applicable requirements of Rule 144, may thereafter sell such shares publicly. A significant number of our currently issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by existing stockholders, including officers and directors and other principal stockholders are currently eligible for resale pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Rule 144. The possible future sale of our shares by our existing stockholders, pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Rule 144, may have a depressive effect on the price of our Shares of Common Stock in the applicable trading marketplace. 
 
 FINRA has adopted sales practice requirements, which may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our Common Stock. 
 
 FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. 
 69 
 
 Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our shares of Common Stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares of Common Stock. 
 
 We face risks related to compliance with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standards. 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as related new rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, require changes in the corporate governance practices and financial reporting standards for public companies. These laws, rules and regulations, including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act relating to internal control over financial reporting, referred to as Section 404, materially increased our legal and financial compliance costs and made some activities more time-consuming and more burdensome, 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in our Charter and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 
 
 Our Charter contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together, these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. These provisions will include: 

no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of the Board; 

the right of our Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director in certain circumstances, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board; and 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders. 

Our Charter provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 
 Our Charter provides that, subject to limited exceptions, any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf of under Delaware law, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of Revelation to its stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against Revelation or any of its directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Charter or the Bylaws of Revelation (in each case, as may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action asserting a claim against Revelation or any of its directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware or (v) any other action asserting an internal corporate claim, as defined in Section 115 of the DGCL, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over all indispensable parties named as defendants shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware. The Charter also provides that unless a majority of the Board of Revelation, acting on behalf of Revelation, consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (which consent may be given at any time, including during the pendency of litigation), the federal district courts of the United States of America, to the fullest extent permitted by law, will be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares 
 70 
 
 of Revelation s capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of Revelation s certificate of incorporation described above. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with Revelation or its directors, officers, or other employees, which, along with potential increased costs of litigating the courts provided by the choice of forum provision, may discourage such lawsuits against Revelation and its directors, officers, and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of Revelation s Charter inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, Revelation may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect Revelation s business and financial condition. 
 
 If Revelation is not able to comply with the applicable continued listing requirements or standards of Nasdaq, Nasdaq could delist our Common Stock. 
 
 Revelation s Common Stock and Public Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols REVB and REVBW, respectively. If Nasdaq delists the Revelation Common Stock and Public Warrants from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards such as the minimum public stockholders equity requirement or for failure to hold an annual stockholders meeting, we and our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences including: 

limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for Revelation s securities; 

a determination that the Revelation Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in the Revelation Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for Revelation s securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Revelation will continue to incur significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which could negatively impact its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. For example, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and results of operations. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Additionally, as a public company subject to additional rules and regulations and oversight, we may not have the same flexibility we had as a private company. 
 
 Revelation s business and operations could be negatively affected if it becomes subject to any securities litigation or stockholder activism, which could cause Revelation to incur significant expense, hinder execution of business and growth strategy and impact its stock price. 
 
 71 
 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Stockholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, has been increasing recently. Volatility in the stock price of Revelation Common Stock or other reasons may in the future cause it to become the target of securities litigation or stockholder activism. Securities litigation and stockholder activism, including potential proxy contests, could result in substantial costs and divert management s and board of directors attention and resources from the Revelation s business. Additionally, such securities litigation and stockholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to the Combined Entity s future, adversely affect its relationships with service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, Revelation may be required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any securities litigation and activist stockholder matters. Further, its stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any securities litigation and stockholder activism. 
 
 Our financial condition will be adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in our defense in our litigation with LifeSci Capital LLC 
 
 The investment banking firm for the SPAC into which we merged has brought suit against us for unpaid investment banking fees relating to the merger and deferred underwriting fees, which claims damages of 5.3 million, payable in a combination of cash and shares of common stock. See Legal Proceedings. While we have defenses which we believe are meritorious, if we were to be unsuccessful in the proceeding it would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and reduce the available funds to advance our product development. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Property. 
 
 We lease laboratory space located at 11011 Torreyana Rd., Suite 102, San Diego, California, which consists of approximately 2,140 square feet. The lease expires on December 31, 2023. Our corporate headquarters is located at 4660 La Jolla Village Dr., Suite 100, San Diego, California, where we currently have access to office space on an as-needed basis. We believe that our current space is adequate for our needs. We also believe we will be able to obtain additional space, as needed, on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 On February 18, 2022, LifeSci Capital LLC filed an action against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York seeking damages in the amount of approximately 2.7 million in cash and 2.6 million in equity for unpaid banking and advisory fees. These fees arise under contracts which were entered into prior to the Business Combination and the Company is disputing the amount owed under those contracts and has asserted affirmative defenses including the defense that the amount of the fees sought exceeded the 8.5 million cap on transaction expenses in the Business Combination Agreement. This action remains pending as of the date of this report. On March 2, 2023, the court denied the plaintiff s motion for summary judgment. As of the date of this report, the court has not set any schedule for discovery or a timetable for any trial. 
 
 Of the LifeSci Capital LLC claim, 1.5 million relates to deferred underwriting fees from the Petra initial public offering. In addition, but separate from the claim, one of the underwriters in the Petra initial public offering who is not a participant in the litigation with LifeSci Capital LLC recently issued a demand letter seeking repayment for 655 thousand in fees owed from the Petra initial public offering that remain unpaid, Both of these amounts are recorded as a current liability in the financial statements as of December 31, 2022 under deferred underwriting commissions. No other liabilities are reflected in the financial statements as the amount of any additional liability cannot be determined at this time. 
 
 On September 27, 2022, A-IR Clinical Research Ltd. A-IR filed a claim against the Company in the High Court of Justice, in the Business and Property Courts of England and Wales, seeking 1.6 million in unpaid invoices, plus interest and costs, relating to the Company s viral challenge study. The Company is disputing the claim because 
 72 
 
 many of the invoices relate to work that was not performed and A-IR had misrepresented its qualifications to perform the contracted work. Since this proceeding is at a very early stage, no liability is reflected in the financial statements as the amount of any liability cannot be determined at this time. 
 
 On January 30, 2023, Marwood Advisory Group, LLC filed an action in the Supreme Court of New York for the County of New York seeking damages in the amount of 150,000 plus interest in respect of a contract agreed by the sponsors of Petra allegedly relating to a due diligence report with another target considered by Petra prior to the Business Combination. The Company believes it has defenses to this claim and as of the date of this report no answer is due. Since this proceeding is at a very early stage, no liability is reflected in the financial statements as the amount of any liability cannot be determined at this time. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock and warrants are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols REVB and REVBW , respectively. 
 
 Holders of Record 
 
 As of March 21, 2023, there were approximately 78 stockholders of record of our common stock and 28 holders of record of our warrants. Because many of our securities are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never paid dividends on shares of our common stock, and we do not have any plans to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends to holders of shares of our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, projections, liquidity, earnings, legal requirements, restrictions in the agreements governing any indebtedness we may enter into and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table summarizes all of the repurchases of the Company s equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 
 Total number of shares purchased 
 
 Average price paid per share 
 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 
 
 Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 

January 1, 2022 to January 31, 2022 

February 1, 2022 to February 28, 2022 
 
 21,429 (1) 
 
 357.10 
 
 21,429 

March 1, 2022 to March 31, 2022 

April 1, 2022 to April 30, 2022 

May 1, 2022 to May 31, 2022 

73 

June 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 

July 1, 2022 to July 31, 2022 

August 1, 2022 to August 31, 2022 

September 1, 2022 to September 30, 2022 

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 

Total 
 
 21,429 
 
 357.10 
 
 21,249 

1. 
 Shares repurchased as part of the February 4, 2022 exercise of the Forward Share Purchase Agreement dated December 21, 2021, with a total repurchase amount of 7,652,325. The Forward Share Purchase Agreement expired 30 days after the Closing Date of the Business Combination. The shares of common stock repurchased have been retired. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 Not applicable. 
 74 
 
 Ite m 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K, particularly under the Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors Summary sections. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Revelation is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company founded in May 2020. We are focused on the development or commercialization of innate immune system therapeutics and diagnostics. Our current product candidates were developed by us to potentially prevent, treat and detect disease. Our therapeutic product candidates are based on our therapeutic platform and consist of REVTx-300, which is being developed as a potential therapy for the prevention and treatment of acute organ injury (e.g. AKI, MI) and chronic organ disease including CKD; REVTx-100, which is being developed for the prevention and treatment of infections including healthcare-associated bacterial infection resulting from surgery, severe burns, and antibiotic resistance; REVTx-200, which is being developed as a potential intranasal therapy that will be administered concurrently with a traditional commercially available IM vaccine; and REVTx-99b, which is being developed for the treatment of food allergies. REVTx-99a was being developed as a broad anti-viral nasal drop solution for the potential prevention or potential treatment of respiratory viral infections and REVTx-99b was being developed as a prevention or treatment for chronic nasal congestion and allergic rhinitis until June of 2022. Our diagnostic, REVDx-501 (REVID TM Rapid Test Kit), was being developed as a rapid point of care diagnostic product that can potentially be used to detect various respiratory viral infections. 
 
 Since our inception in May 2020, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to organizing and staffing our Company, business planning, raising capital, and research and development of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99a/b and REVDx-501, our product candidates. 
 
 We have funded our operations since our inception in May 2020 to December 31, 2022 through the issuance and sale of our capital stock, from which we have raised net proceeds of 29.9 million. Additionally, taking into consideration the net proceeds of approximately 14.0 million received in connection with the public offering completed in February of 2023, our current cash and cash equivalents balance will not be sufficient to complete all necessary product development or future commercialization efforts. We anticipate that our current cash and cash equivalents balance will not be sufficient to sustain operations within one year after the date that our audited financial statements for December 31, 2022 were issued, which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 We plan to seek additional funding through public or private equity or debt financings. We may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all. The terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. If we are unable to obtain funding we could be required to delay, reduce or eliminate research and development programs, product portfolio expansion or future commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect our business operations. 
 
 We have incurred recurring losses since our inception, including a net loss of 10.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 we had an accumulated deficit of 25.3 million. We expect to continue to generate operating losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future if and as we: 
 continue the research and development of our product candidates; 

initiate clinical studies for, or preclinical development of, our product candidates; 

further develop and refine the manufacturing processes of our product candidates; 

75 
 
 change or add manufacturers or suppliers of product candidate materials; 

seek regulatory and marketing authorizations for any of our product candidates that successfully complete development; 

acquire or license other product candidates, technologies or biological materials; 

make milestone, royalty or other payments under future license agreements; 

obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property portfolio; 

seek to attract and retain new and existing skilled personnel; 

create additional infrastructure to support our operations as a public company and incur increased legal, accounting, investor relations and other expenses; and 

experience delays or encounter issues with any of the above. 

Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our clinical studies and our expenditures on other research and development activities. 
 
 We have never generated revenue and do not expect to generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99b, REVDx-501 or other product candidates, which we expect will not be for at least several years, if ever. Accordingly, until such time as we can generate significant revenue from sales of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99b, REVDx-501 or other product candidates, if ever, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Change in Authorized Shares and Reverse Stock Split 
 
 On January 30, 2023, at a special meeting of stockholders, our stockholders approved a Certificate of Amendment to our Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to change the authorized common stock from 100,000,000 to 500,000,000 shares and effect a reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock at a specific ratio within a range of one-for-twenty (1-for-20) to a maximum of a one-for-one hundred (1-for-100) split. On January 30, 2023, we filed the Certificate of Amendment which set the authorized common stock to 500,000,000 and effected a 1-for-35 reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 1, 2023. 
 
 Business Combination 
 
 On January 10, 2022, we consummated the previously announced Business Combination, pursuant to the terms of the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of August 29, 2021 with Petra and Merger Sub. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, on the Closing Date, (i) Merger Sub merged with and into Revelation Sub, with Revelation Sub as the surviving company in the Business Combination, and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Petra and (ii) Petra changed its name to Revelation Biosciences, Inc. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for the development of our product candidates, REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99a/b and REVDx-501. Our research and development 
 76 
 
 expenses consist primarily of external costs related to clinical development, costs related to contract research organizations, costs related to consultants, costs related to acquiring and manufacturing clinical study materials, costs related to contract manufacturing organizations and other vendors, costs related to the preparation of regulatory submissions, costs related to laboratory supplies and services, and personnel costs. Personnel and related costs consist of salaries, employee benefits and stock-based compensation for personnel involved in research and development efforts. 
 
 We expense all research and development expenses in the periods in which they are incurred. We accrue for costs incurred as the services are being provided by monitoring the status of specific activities and the invoices received from our external service providers. We adjust our accrual as actual costs become known. 
 
 We expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99b and REVDx-501 and continue to invest in research and development activities. The process of conducting the necessary clinical research and product development to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming, and the successful development of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99b, REVDx-501 and any future product candidates is highly uncertain. To the extent that our product candidates continue to advance into larger and later stage clinical studies, our expenses will increase substantially and may become more variable. 
 
 The actual probability of success for REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99b, REVDx-501 or any future product candidate may be affected by a variety of factors, including the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, investment in the development of REVDx-501, investment in our clinical programs, manufacturing capability and competition with other products. As a result, we are unable to determine the timing of initiation, duration and completion costs of our research and development efforts or when and to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99b, REVDx-501 or any future product candidate. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, expenses for outside professional services, including financial advisory, legal, human resource, audit and accounting services and consulting costs. Personnel and related costs consist of salaries, employee benefits and stock-based compensation for personnel involved in executive, finance and other administrative functions. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we increase the size of our administrative function to support the growth of our business and support our continued research and development activities. We also anticipate increased expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including increased expenses related to financial advisory services, audit, legal, regulatory, investor relations costs, director and officer insurance premiums associated with maintaining compliance with exchange listing and SEC requirements. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Other income (expense), net primarily consists of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, interest expense for the Promissory Notes Payable and Convertible Note and interest income from our cash balances in savings accounts. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods presented: 
 
 77 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

5,377,400 

6,914,756 

(1,537,356) 

General and administrative 

5,487,111 

5,035,729 

451,382 

Total operating expenses 

10,864,511 

11,950,485 

(1,085,974) 

Loss from operations 

(10,864,511) 

(11,950,485) 

1,085,974 

Total other income (expense), net 

34,962 

(36,352) 

71,314 

Net loss 

(10,829,549) 

(11,986,837) 

1,157,288 

Research and Development Expenses 
 
 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

REVTx-99a clinical study expenses 

3,104,727 

2,787,193 

317,534 

REVTx-99b clinical study expenses 

450,464 

452,982 

(2,518) 

REVTx-99a/b manufacturing expenses 

225,578 

460,488 

(234,910) 

REVDx-501 diagnostic development 

27,660 

1,285,143 

(1,257,483) 

Personnel expenses (including stock-based compensation) 

1,136,811 

1,615,622 

(478,811) 

Other expenses 

432,160 

313,328 

118,832 

Total research and development expenses 

5,377,400 

6,914,756 

(1,537,356) 

Research and development expenses decreased by 1.5 million, from 6.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to decreases of 1.3 million in diagnostic development expenses related to REVDx-501, 0.5 million in personnel expenses and 0.2 million in REVTx-99a/b manufacturing expenses. The decrease in personnel expenses is primarily due to the release of employees in July 2022, including a decrease of 0.1 million due to the reversal of accrued bonus expense and share-based compensation expense related to forfeited, unvested equity awards, offset by an increase in severance expense. These decreases were offset by an increase of 0.3 million in clinical study expenses related to REVTx-99a. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 The following table summarizes our general and administrative expenses for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Personnel expenses (including employee stock-based compensation) 

1,874,706 

2,564,122 

(689,416) 

Legal and professional fees (including non-employee stock-based compensation) 

2,073,561 

2,338,732 

(265,171) 

Other expenses 

1,538,844 

132,875 

1,405,969 

Total general and administrative expenses. 

5,487,111 

5,035,729 

451,382 

General and administrative expenses increased by 0.5 million, from 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 5.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 1.4 million in other expense as a result of an increase in D O Insurance. These increases were offset by a decrease of 0.7 million in personnel expenses and 0.3 million in financial advisory fees, legal fees and professional consulting service fees. The decrease in personnel expenses is primarily due to the release of employees 
 78 
 
 in July 2022, including a decrease of 0.1 million due to the reversal of accrued bonus expense and share-based compensation expense related to forfeited, unvested equity awards, offset by an increase in severance expense. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Other income (expense), net was 36,352 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 34,962 for the year ended December 31, 2022, related to interest expense for the Promissory Notes Payable and Convertible Note, foreign currency transaction gains and losses, and interest income from our cash balances in savings accounts. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Since our inception to December 31, 2022, we have funded our operations from the issuance and sale of our common stock, preferred stock and warrants, from which we have raised net proceeds of 29.9 million, of which 16.0 million was received during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had available cash and cash equivalents of 5.3 million and an accumulated deficit of 25.3 million. 
 
 Our use of cash is to fund operating expenses, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures related to our therapeutic product candidate, REVTx-300, REVTx-100 and REVTx-200. We plan to increase our research and development expenses substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue the clinical development of our current and future product candidates. At this time, due to the inherently unpredictable nature of product development, we cannot reasonably estimate the costs we will incur and the timelines that will be required to complete development, obtain marketing approval, and commercialize our current product candidate, diagnostic product or any future product candidates. For the same reasons, we are also unable to predict when, if ever, we will generate revenue from product sales or any future license agreements which we may enter into or whether, or when, if ever, we may achieve profitability. Clinical and preclinical development timelines, the probability of success, and development costs can differ materially from expectations. In addition, we cannot forecast the timing and amounts of milestone, royalty and other revenue from licensing activities, which future product candidates may be subject to future collaborations, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect our development plans and capital requirements. 
 
 We expect to continue to generate substantial operating losses for the foreseeable future as we expand our research and development activities. We will continue to fund our operations primarily through utilization of our current financial resources and through additional raises of capital. 
 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through partnerships or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, future revenue streams or research programs or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of our then-existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of or suspend one or more of our clinical studies or preclinical studies, research and development programs or commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market our product candidates or diagnostic product even if we would otherwise prefer to develop and market such product candidates or diagnostic product ourselves. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 We have incurred recurring losses since our inception, including a net loss of 10.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 we had an accumulated deficit of 25.3 million, a stockholders equity of 1.1 million and available cash and cash equivalents of 5.3 million. Additionally, taking into consideration the net proceeds of approximately 14.0 million received in connection with the public offering completed in February of 2023, we expect to continue to incur significant operating and net losses, as well as negative cash flows from operations, for the foreseeable future as we continue to complete all necessary product development or future commercialization efforts. We have never generated revenue and do not expect to generate 
 79 
 
 revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99b, REVDx-501 or other product candidates, which we expect will not be for at least several years, if ever. We do not anticipate that our current cash and cash equivalents balance will be sufficient to sustain operations within one year after the date that our audited financial statements for December 31, 2022 were issued, which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 To continue as a going concern, we will need, among other things, to raise additional capital resources. We plan to seek additional funding through public or private equity or debt financings. We may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all. The terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. If we are unable to obtain funding we could be required to delay, reduce or eliminate research and development programs, product portfolio expansion or future commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect our business operations. 
 
 The audited consolidated financial statements for December 31, 2022, have been prepared on the basis that we will continue as a going concern, and do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the possible inability for us to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(11,219,396) 

(11,090,573) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(131,963) 

Net cash provided by financing activities. 

15,197,646 

8,004,865 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

3,978,250 

(3,217,671) 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 11.2 million, which consisted of a net loss of 10.8 million and a net change of 0.7 million in our net operating assets and liabilities, offset by non-cash charges of 0.3 million comprised of stock-based compensation expense, non-cash lease expense and depreciation expense. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 11.1 million, which consisted of a net loss of 12.0 million, offset by a net change of 0.4 million in our net operating assets and liabilities and non-cash charges of 0.5 million comprised of stock-based compensation expense, non-cash lease expense and depreciation expense. 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no cash used in investing activities. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities consisted of 0.1 million for purchases of lab equipment. 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 15.2 million, from net proceeds of 4.2 million received in connection with the Business Combination, after exercise of the 
 80 
 
 Forward Share Purchase Agreement of 7.7 million, net proceeds of 7.3 million received from the PIPE, and net proceeds of approximately 4.5 million received from the July 2022 Public Offering, offset by 0.8 million in repayments of Promissory Notes Payable, including interest expense. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 8.0 million, from the sale of our common stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 
 We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with third party service providers and vendors. These contracts generally provide for termination on notice and, therefore, are cancellable contracts and not considered contractual obligations and commitments. We believe that our non-cancelable obligations under these agreements are not material. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of highly liquid investments in money market funds and cash on hand and have an original maturity date of 90 days or less. The fair value of our cash and cash equivalents would not be significantly affected by either an increase or decrease in interest rates due mainly to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations are located, which is primarily in the United States and Australia. We make payments to vendors for research and development services with payments denominated in foreign currencies including Australian Dollars and British Pounds. We are subject to foreign currency transaction gains or losses on our payments denominated in foreign currencies. To date, foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been material and we have not had a formal hedging program with respect to foreign currency; however, we may consider doing so in the future. A 10 increase or decrease in currency exchange rates would not have a material effect on our financial results. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgements and Estimates 
 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported, disclosures about contingent assets and liabilities, and reported amounts of revenue and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s best estimates and judgment. Management regularly evaluates its estimates and assumptions using industry experience and other factors; however, actual results could differ materially from these estimates and could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, we believe that the accounting policies discussed below are most critical to understanding and evaluating our historical and future performance. 
 
 Research and Development Expenditures 
 81 

We record accrued expenses for estimated preclinical and clinical study and research expenses related to the services performed but not yet invoiced pursuant to contracts with research institutions, contract research organizations and clinical manufacturing organizations that conduct and manage preclinical studies, and clinical studies, and research services on our behalf. Payments for these services are based on the terms of individual agreements and payment timing may differ significantly from the period in which the services were performed. Our estimates are based on factors such as the work completed, including the level of patient enrollment. We monitor patient enrollment levels and related activity to the extent reasonably possible and make judgments and estimates in determining the accrued balance in each reporting period. Our estimates of accrued expenses are based on the facts and circumstances known at the time. If we underestimate or overestimate the level of services performed or the costs of these services, our actual expenses could differ from our estimates. As actual costs become known, we adjust our accrued expenses. To date, we have not experienced significant changes in our estimates of clinical study accruals. 
 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 
 We recognize the compensation expense related to stock options, third-party warrants, and RSU awards granted, based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the date of grant. The fair value of employee stock options and third-party warrants are generally determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using various inputs, including estimates of historic volatility, term, risk-free rate, and future dividends. The grant date fair value of the stock-based awards, which have graded vesting, is recognized using the straight-line method over the requisite service period of each stock-based award, which is generally the vesting period of the respective stock-based awards. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 7,290 Rollover RSU awards unvested and unissued and 9,581 stock options outstanding. 
 
 Determination of the Fair Value of Common Stock 
 
 Prior to the Business Combination, given the absence of a public trading market for our shares of common stock, our board of directors exercises its judgment and considers a number of objective and subjective factors to determine the best estimate of the fair value of our shares of common stock, including timely valuations of our shares of common stock prepared by an unrelated third-party valuation firm, important developments in our operations, sales of common stock and convertible preferred shares, actual operating results and financial performance, the conditions in the biotechnology industry and the economy in general, the stock price performance and volatility of comparable public companies, and the lack of liquidity of our shares of common stock, among other factors. After the Business Combination, the fair value of each share of common stock is based on the closing price of our shares of common stock as reported on the date of grant. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements for more information about recent accounting pronouncements, the timing of their adoption, and our assessment, to the extent we have made one yet, of their potential impact on our financial condition of results of operations. 
 
 JOBS Act Accounting Election 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. 
 
 We have elected to use this extended transition period to enable us to comply with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements and our interim financial statements 
 82 
 
 may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 
 83 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements required by this item are set forth at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1 and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of such date are effective at the reasonable assurance level. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the presentation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

84 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that our degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on such assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 85 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 
 
 86 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors, including their ages as of March 21, 2023 : 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

George Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 63 
 
 Chairman and Director 

James Rolke 
 
 54 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Jennifer Carver, BSN, MBA 
 
 69 
 
 Director 

Jess Roper 
 
 58 
 
 Director 

Curt LaBelle, MD 
 
 52 
 
 Director 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

James Rolke 
 
 54 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Chester S. Zygmont, III 
 
 42 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Our Director and Executive Officers 
 
 George Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D. Chairman. Dr. Tidmarsh has been Chairman of the Company since its inception in May 2020. Dr. Tidmarsh received his M.D. and Ph.D. from Stanford University, where he also completed his fellowship training in Pediatric Oncology and Neonatology and is currently Adjunct Faculty of Pediatrics and Neonatology since 2018. He served as clinical faculty at Stanford for a number of years after his fellowship prior to devoting his full time to clinical research and development in order to bring new treatments through the FDA approval process. Since 2018 Dr. Tidmarsh has served as a director and chairman of audit committee of Lucile Packard Foundation for Children s Health. Since the Company s inception in 2020 he has also served as chairman at Revelation Biosciences Inc. Prior to joining Revelation, Dr. Tidmarsh was President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and a Director of La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company La Jolla from January 2012 until November 2019. While at La Jolla, Dr. Tidmarsh helped discover the use of angiotensin II for the treatment of shock and led all aspects of development including approval by the FDA and the EMA for the treatment of patients suffering from distributive shock. He also led the development of artesunate for the treatment of severe malaria, which was approved by the FDA. Dr. Tidmarsh has over 30 years of experience in biotechnology, including the successful clinical development of seven FDA-approved drugs. He previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of Horizon Pharma, Inc., a company he founded in 2005, where he continued as CEO until 2008 and Director until 2010. While at Horizon, he invented and led all aspects of development of Duexis, which was approved by the FDA for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. He also founded Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and held senior positions at Coulter Pharmaceutical, Inc. (acquired by GlaxoSmithKline) and SEQUUS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (acquired by Johnson Johnson). While at Coulter and SEQUUS, Dr. Tidmarsh led the clinical development of BEXXAR and Doxil, respectively, two FDA-approved anti-cancer agents. We believe that Dr. Tidmarsh is qualified to serve as a director based on his extensive management experience in the biotechnology industry. 
 
 James Rolke Director and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Rolke cofounded and has been the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Revelation since its inception in May 2020. Mr. Rolke has over 30 years of experience in the biotechnology industry, spanning all areas and phases of drug development. Prior to joining the Company, beginning in 2012, Mr. Rolke was employed at La Jolla in various leadership roles overseeing Research and Development and serving as Chief Scientific Officer from 2017 to 2020. While at La Jolla, Mr. Rolke oversaw the development of multiple technologies including six INDs and two marketing approvals: Giapreza for the treatment of distributive shock (US FDA and EMEA) and artesunate for the treatment of severe malaria. Prior to La Jolla, from July 2009 to January 2012 Mr. Rolke was Chief Technology Officer at Pluromed, Inc. (acquired by Sanofi) and played a key role in the approvals of two medical devices via the 510(k) and PMA approval pathways. Prior to Pluromed, 
 87 
 
 Mr. Rolke held several key positions at biotechnology companies, including Director of Operations at Prospect Therapeutics, Inc., Associate Director of Pharmaceutical Development at Mersana Therapeutics, Inc., Manager of Process Development at GlycoGenesys, Inc., Principal Scientist at Surgical Sealants, Inc., Scientist at GelTex, Inc., and Associate Scientist at Alpha-Beta Technology, Inc. Mr. Rolke received his B.S. in chemistry from Keene State College. Since 2022, Mr. Rolke has served as a director at Plum Tree Therapeutics. We believe that Mr. Rolke is qualified to serve as a director based on his role as our Chief Executive Officer and his extensive management experience in the biotechnology industry. 
 
 Jennifer Carver, BSN, MBA Director. Ms. Carver has been a director of the Company since May 2020. Ms. Carver brings over 20 years of industry experience with a focus on small biotech companies and their evolution from early development through commercialization. From 2020 to 2021, Ms. Carver has served as Chief Operating Officer at Kartos Therapeutics (Kartos). Prior to Kartos from 2014, Ms. Carver was employed at La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company in various leadership roles providing leadership through the clinical development, approval and launch of Giapreza and serving as Chief Operating Officer from 2017 to 2019. Prior to La Jolla, Ms. Carver held positions at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals and Allos Therapeutics, leading teams through the development and approval of Belionostat and Folotyn respectively. Her experience in the healthcare industry spans multiple therapeutic areas including oncology, inflammatory disease, shock, iron overload, and anti-infectives. Ms. Carver has played a critical role in negotiating key alliances, evaluation of financing opportunities, and overseeing rapid organizational growth. Ms. Carver earned her B.S.N. and M.B.A. from University of Colorado. We believe that Ms. Carver s extensive experience working in the biotechnology industry makes her well-qualified to serve as a director. 
 
 Jess Roper Director. Mr. Roper has been a director since October 2020. Mr. Roper has considerable financial and audit experience in the sectors of medical device, life sciences, technology, manufacturing, and financial institutions. He currently serves as a Board Member and Audit Chair for Biolase, a publicly traded company that is the global leader in the manufacturing of dental laser systems. Mr. Roper previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dexcom, retiring in 2017 following a fulfilling and rewarding career. During his 12-year tenure, Dexcom transitioned from a pre-revenue privately held medical device company to a multi-national publicly traded entity. Mr. Roper previously held financial management positions with two other publicly traded companies and one venture funded company. He has played key roles in two initial public offerings, acquisitions/divestitures, and numerous equity and debt financings. Earlier in his career, Mr. Roper was an auditor with PricewaterhouseCoopers, and a bank and information systems examiner with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. He earned a Master of Science in Corporate Accountancy and a Bachelor of Science in Finance. Mr. Roper is a certified public accountant in the state of California. We believe that Mr. Roper is qualified to serve as a director based on his extensive financial and audit experience. 
 
 Curt LaBelle, MD Director. Dr. LaBelle has been a director since January 2021. Dr. LaBelle has been investing in and working with life science companies for over 20 years. Since 2015, he has been President of the Global Health Investment Fund GHIF ). GHIF is a pioneering impact fund with a proven record of generating attractive financial returns and tangible impact. The fund works to facilitate access to therapeutics and diagnostics among low-income populations. Dr. LaBelle also works with the AXA Prime Impact Fund and serves as a Board member for Alydia Health, Atomo Diagnostics, Atticus Medical, Eyenovia, and Z Optics. He holds MD and MBA degrees from Columbia University. Dr. LaBelle is the designee of the AXA Prime Impact Fund, the holder of the outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. We believe that Dr. LaBelle s significant experience as an investor in life science companies makes him well-qualified to serve as a director. 
 
 Chester S. Zygmont, III Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Zygmont has been the Company s Chief Financial Officer since inception. Mr. Zygmont brings over 17 years of experience in finance to the company with a wide range of industry applications. In 2016, Mr. Zygmont Co-Founded Jivanas, a social enterprise that owns and operates a factory in Nepal, that is focused on creating jobs for people at risk for human trafficking. Jivanas has operations in Nepal, Hong Kong, and the USA. During 2013, Mr. Zygmont Co-Founded oOxesis Biotechnology, LLC, a biologics lab that worked on developing therapies for unmet needs. From June 2012 to January 2016, Mr. Zygmont was the Senior Director of Finance, at La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company. During Mr. Zygmont s tenure at La Jolla, he brought the company to its Nasdaq listing. Prior to La Jolla, Mr. Zygmont served as Managing Director at Z3 Capital, LLC from March 2009 to June 2012. Z3 Capital, LLC, a privately held investment firm, focused on investment acquisition and venture funding for multiple startup companies in real estate, medical device and biotechnology. Mr. Zygmont also served as Vice President at Symmetry Advisors, Inc. a private equity leveraged buyout firm. While at Symmetry, 
 88 
 
 he managed all finance and accounting for its SPAC, was a key player on a 600 million buyout of a portfolio company, and subsequently led the restructuring of its manufacturing division. Mr. Zygmont earned his M.S. in Finance from Baruch College, Zicklin School of Business and his B.A. from Eastern University. 
 
 Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 
 
 Our Board is divided into three classes, designated Class A, Class B and Class C, with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term. 
 
 Our officers are appointed by the Board and serve until such person s successor is appointed or until such person s earlier resignation, death or removal. Our Board is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents and such other offices as may be determined by the Board. 
 
 Family Relationships 
 
 There are no family relationships among our directors or executive officers. 
 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 
 None of our directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons has been involved in any events requiring disclosure under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Board Composition 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 
 In accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors is divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. At each annual general meeting of stockholders, the successors to the directors whose terms then expire will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following their election. Our directors are divided among the three classes as follows: 

The Class A directors are Dr. LaBelle and Ms. Carver, and their terms will expire at the first annual meeting of stockholders following the Business Combination; 

The Class B directors are Messrs. Rolke and Roper, and their terms will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders following the Business Combination; and 

The Class C director is Dr. Tidmarsh, and his term will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders following the Business Combination. 

We expect that any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. The division of our board of directors into three classes with staggered three-year terms may delay or prevent a change of our management or a change in control. 
 
 Leadership Structure of the Board 
 
 Our bylaws and corporate governance guidelines provide our board of directors with flexibility to combine or separate the positions of Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Our board of directors has concluded that our current leadership structure is appropriate at this time. However, our board of directors will continue to periodically review our leadership structure and may make such changes in the future as it deems appropriate. 
 
 89 
 
 Role of Board in Risk Oversight Process 
 
 Risk assessment and oversight are an integral part of our governance and management processes. Our board of directors encourages management to promote a culture that incorporates risk management into our corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations. Management discusses strategic and operational risks at regular management meetings, and conducts specific strategic planning and review sessions during the year that include a focused discussion and analysis of the risks facing us. Throughout the year, senior management reviews these risks with the board of directors at regular board meetings as part of management presentations that focus on particular business functions, operations or strategies, and presents the steps taken by management to mitigate or eliminate such risks. 
 
 Our board of directors does not have a standing risk management committee, but rather administers this oversight function directly through our board of directors as a whole, as well as through various standing committees of our board of directors that address risks inherent in their respective areas of oversight. While our board of directors is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, our audit committee is responsible for overseeing our major financial risk exposures and the steps our management has taken to monitor and control these exposures. The audit committee also approves or disapproves any related person transactions. Our nominating and corporate governance committee monitors the effectiveness of our corporate governance guidelines. Our compensation committee assesses and monitors whether any of our compensation policies and programs has the potential to encourage excessive risk-taking. 
 
 Attendance of Directors at Board Meetings and Annual Meeting of Stockholders 
 
 During 2022, the Board of Directors met 11 times and the Audit Committee met 4 times. Each director who was on the Board during this timeframe attended at least 93 of the aggregate number of meetings held during his or her term of service. The Company has not yet held an Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Company does not have a policy requiring its directors to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Board Committees 
 
 Our board of directors has established an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Our board of directors may establish other committees to facilitate the management of our business. The composition and functions of each committee are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our board of directors. Each committee has adopted a written charter that satisfies the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC rules and regulations and the Nasdaq Listing Rules, which are posted on our website. The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at or available through our website. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Revelation has a separately-designated standing Audit Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act and Nasdaq listing rules. In addition, the board of directors adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s duties, will include, but are not limited to: 

appoints our independent registered public accounting firm; 

evaluates the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, independence, and performance; 

determines the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

reviews and approves the scope of the annual audit and pre-approves the audit and non-audit fees and services; 

reviews and approves all related party transactions on an ongoing basis; 

90 

establishes procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of any complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters; 

discusses with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the results of the annual audit and the review of our quarterly financial statements; 

approves the retention of the independent registered public accounting firm to perform any proposed permissible non-audit services; 

discusses on a periodic basis, or as appropriate, with our management s policies and procedures with respect to risk assessment and risk management; 

consults with management to establish procedures and internal controls relating to cybersecurity; 

is responsible for reviewing our financial statements and our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to be included in our annual and quarterly reports to be filed with the SEC; 

investigates any reports received through the ethics helpline and reports to the board of directors periodically with respect to any information received through the ethics helpline and any related investigations; and 

reviews the audit committee charter and the audit committee s performance on an annual basis. 

The composition of the Audit Committee is comprised of Mr. Roper, Dr. Tidmarsh and Ms. Carver, with Mr. Roper as Chair. Mr. Roper qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined by the SEC rules. In addition, Revelation certified to Nasdaq that the Audit Committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication, including being or having been a chief executive officer, chief financial officer or other senior officer with financial oversight responsibilities. It has been determined that each of each of Mr. Roper, Dr. Tidmarsh and Ms. Carver satisfy such requirements. 
 
 Nominating and Governance Committee 
 
 Revelation s Nominating and Governance Committee is comprised of Ms. Carver and Drs. Tidmarsh and LaBelle, each of whom has been determined to be independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Nominating and Governance Committee adopted a written charter. 
 
 Specific responsibilities of the Nominating and Governance Committee include: 

identifying, evaluating and selecting, or recommending that board of directors approve, nominees for election to board of directors; 

evaluating the performance of board of directors and of individual directors; 

reviewing developments in corporate governance practices; 

evaluating the adequacy of corporate governance practices and reporting; 

reviewing management succession plans; and 

developing and making recommendations to board of directors regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters. 

Compensation Committee 
 91 

Revelation has a Compensation Committee established in accordance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Compensation Committee is comprised of Drs. Tidmarsh and LaBelle and Mr. Roper, each of whom has been determined to be independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules and is a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The chair of Revelation s compensation committee is Dr. LaBelle. 
 
 The Compensation Committee oversees Revelation s policies relating to compensation and benefits of its officers and employees. The Compensation Committee reviews and approves or recommends corporate goals and objectives relevant to compensation of its executive officers (other than the Chief Executive Officer), evaluates the performance of these officers in light of those goals and objectives and approves the compensation of these officers based on such evaluations. The Compensation Committee also reviews and approves or makes recommendations to the board of directors regarding the issuance of stock options and other awards under Revelation s stock plans to its executive officers (other than the Chief Executive Officer). The Compensation Committee reviews the performance of the Chief Executive Officer and makes recommendations to the board of directors with respect to his compensation, and the board of directors retains the authority to make compensation decisions relative to the Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee reviews and evaluates, on an annual basis, the compensation committee charter and the compensation committee s performance. 
 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 No member of the Compensation Committee has ever been an officer or employee of Revelation. None of Revelation s executive officers serve, or have served during the last fiscal year, as a member of the compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent functions of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving as one of Revelation s directors or on the Compensation Committee. 
 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics 
 
 The Revelation Board adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all its employees including its principal executive and financial officers. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Officer and Director Compensation. 
 
 Executive Compensation Overview 
 
 Each of the Company s executive officers receives a base salary to compensate them for services rendered to the Company. The base salary is intended to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting the executive s skill set, experience, position and responsibilities. 
 
 Effective as of July 27, 2021, the Company entered into separate Executive Employment Agreements with Messrs. Rolke and Zygmont for their service as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively (collectively, the Executive Employment Agreements ). The Executive Employment Agreements provide for a term of three years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with their terms. 
 
 The Executive Employment Agreements provide for an annual base salary of 400,000 for Mr. Rolke and 320,000 for Mr. Zygmont. Messrs. Rolke and Zygmont are also eligible to receive an annual performance bonus targeted at 40 for Mr. Rolke and 35 for Mr. Zygmont of their respective base salaries or as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the board (each, an Annual Bonus ), as well as equity incentive grants as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 
 
 Pursuant to the Executive Employment Agreements, if his employment is terminated as a result of a Covered Termination Event that is not in connection with a change in control of the Company, then each of Messrs. Rolke and Zygmont will be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to twelve months of severance payments at his then current base salary, plus a pro-rata portion of his Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which his termination occurs based on actual achievement of the applicable bonus objectives and/or conditions for such year, plus continuation of medical benefits. If Mr. Rolke s or Mr. Zygmont s employment is terminated as a result of a Covered Termination Event in connection with a change in control of the Company, then each of Messrs. Rolke and Zygmont will be 
 92 
 
 entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to one times the sum of his then current base salary, plus his target bonus in effect for the year in which his termination of employment occurs, plus a pro-rata portion of his Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which his termination occurs based on actual achievement of the applicable bonus objectives and/or conditions for such year, continuation of medical benefits and acceleration of vesting of all outstanding and unvested equity-based awards. Covered Termination Event means (i) a dismissal or discharge other than for Cause and other than by reason of death or disability, or (ii) a voluntary termination for Good Reason. 
 
 Historically, our executive compensation program has reflected our growth and development-oriented corporate culture. To date, the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and President and our other executive officers identified in the 2022 and 2021 Summary Compensation Table below, who we refer to as the named executive officers, has consisted of a combination of base salary, bonuses and long-term incentive compensation in the form of restricted common stock awards and incentive stock options. Our named executive officers who are full-time employees, like all other full-time employees, are eligible to participate in our retirement and health and welfare benefit plans. As we transition from a private company to a publicly traded company, we will evaluate our compensation values and philosophy and compensation plans and arrangements as circumstances merit. At a minimum, we expect to review executive compensation annually with input from a compensation consultant. As part of this review process, we expect the board of directors and the compensation committee to apply our values and philosophy, while considering the compensation levels needed to ensure our executive compensation program remains competitive with our peers. In connection with our executive compensation program, we will also review whether we are meeting our retention objectives and the potential cost of replacing a key employee. 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The following table shows the total compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to our executive officers who earned more than 100,000 during each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and were serving as named executive officers as of such date. 
 
 Our named executive officers for 2022 and 2021 who appear in the Summary Compensation Table are: 

James Rolke, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and 

Chester S. Zygmont, III, our Chief Financial Officer. 

The following table sets forth, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, all compensation paid, distributed or earned for services, including salary and bonus amounts, rendered in all capacities by the Company s named executive officers. The information contained below represents compensation earned by the Company s officers for their work related to the Company: 

Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) 

Name and Position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock- based awards ) (1) 

Option- based awards ) (2) 

Annual incentive plans 

Long term incentive plans 

All other compensation ) 

Total compensation ) 

James Rolke 

2022 

400,000 

79,591 

479,591 

CEO 

2021 

400,000 

66,630 

151,813 

618,443 

Chester S. Zygmont, III 

2022 

320,000 

19,138 

339,138 

CFO 

2021 

320,000 

46,641 

36,379 

403,020 

(1) 
 Amounts shown in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of RSU awards granted during the year. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of the RSU awards can be found under Note 11 to the audited Financial Statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These amounts reflect the grant date 

93 

fair value for these RSU s and do not necessarily correspond to the actual value that will be realized by the named executive officers. 

(2) 
 Amounts shown in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted during the year. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of the stock options can be found under Note 11 to the audited Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These amounts reflect the grant date fair value for these stock options and do not necessarily correspond to the actual value that will be realized by the named executive officers. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards 
 
 The following table provides information regarding the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan awards and the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan awards for each named executive officer outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Option-based Awards 

Stock-based Awards 

Name 
 
 Date of Grant 
 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) 

Option exercise price ) 

Option expiration date 
 
 Value of unexercised in-the-money options at December 31, 2022 ) 

Number of shares or units of shares that have not vested (#) 

Market or payout value of share awards that have not vested ) 

James Rolke 
 
 2/25/2022 (1) 

2,542 

49.00 

2/25/2032 

CEO 
 
 2/23/2021 (2) 

1,006 

81,609 

10/31/2020 (3) 

122 

9,151 

Chester S. Zygmont, III 
 
 2/25/2022 (1) 

611 

49.00 

2/25/2032 

CFO 
 
 2/23/2021 (2) 

241 

19,556 

10/31/2020 (3) 

97 

7,320 

(1) 
 The stock options vest 25 on the one-year anniversary of the grant date, and thereafter quarterly over a three-year period, subject to continued service through each such vesting date. 

(2) 
 The RSU awards vest 25 on the one-year anniversary of the grant date, and thereafter quarterly over a three-year period, subject to continued service through each such vesting date. 

(3) 
 The RSU awards vest quarterly over four years, subject to continued service through each such vesting date. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 
 The general policy of the Board is that compensation for independent directors should be a fair mix between cash and equity-based compensation. Additionally, the Company reimburses directors for reasonable expenses incurred during the course of their performance. There are no long-term incentive or medical reimbursement plans. The Company does not pay directors who are part of management for Board service in addition to their regular employee compensation. The Board determines the amount of director compensation. The Board may delegate such authority to the compensation committee. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there was no cash or equity compensation paid to our non-employee directors for service on our board of directors during 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 94 

The following table also sets forth information known to us regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 21, 2023 : 

each person who is, or is expected to be, the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock; 

each of our current officers and directors; and 

all current executive officers and directors of the Company, as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. Shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options or warrants are deemed to be outstanding for purposes of computing the beneficial ownership percentage of the person or group holding such options or warrants but are not deemed to be outstanding for purposes of computing the beneficial ownership percentage of any other person. 
 
 The beneficial ownership of our Common Stock is based on 4,511,839 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of March 21, 2023 . 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock owned by them. 

Name 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Beneficial Ownership Prior to the Offering ) 

Beneficial Ownership After the Offering ) 

Directors and Officers of Revelation (1) : 

James Rolke (2) 

21,321 

George Tidmarsh M.D., Ph.D. (3) 

58,097 

1.3 

Jennifer Carver, BSN, MBA (4) 

3,171 

Jess Roper (5) 

1,224 

Curt LaBelle, M.D. (6) 

612 

Chester S. Zygmont, III (7) 

20,048 

All Directors and Officers as a Group (Six Individuals) 

104,473 

2.3 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Revelation Biosciences, Inc., 4660 La Jolla Village Dr., Suite 100, San Diego, CA 92122. 

(2) 
 Consists of (i) 20,232 shares of Common Stock held directly by Mr. Rolke, (ii) 62 shares of Common Stock held by Mr. Rolke s spouse, (iii) 391 shares of Common Stock from Rollover RSU s vesting and issuable within 60 days to Mr. Rolke, and (iv) 636 shares of Common Stock underlying Stock Options exercisable within 60 days by Mr. Rolke. 

(3) 
 Consists of (i) 43,525 shares of Common Stock held by George Tidmarsh, Trustee George Francis Tidmarsh 2021 Irrevocable Trust, (ii) 13,348 shares of Common Stock held directly by Dr. Tidmarsh, and (iii) 1,224 shares of Common stock from Rollover RSU s vesting and issuable within 60 days to Dr. Tidmarsh. 

(4) 
 Consists of (i) 1,947 shares of Common Stock held directly by Ms. Carver and (ii) 1,224 shares of Common stock from Rollover RSU s vesting and issuable within 60 days to Ms. Carver. 

(5) 
 Consists of 1,224 shares of Common stock from Rollover RSU s vesting and issuable within 60 days to Mr. Roper. 

95 

(6) 
 Consists of 612 shares of Common stock from Rollover RSU s vesting and issuable within 60 days to Dr. LaBelle. 

(7) 
 Consists of (i) 13,481 shares of Common Stock held by The Zygmont Family Trust Dated October 25, 2016, (ii) 6,230 shares of Common Stock held by Czeslaw Capital Fund, LLC, (iii) 62 shares held by Mr. Zygmont s spouse, (iv) 122 shares of Common stock from Rollover RSU s vesting and issuable within 60 days to Mr. Zygmont, and (v) 153 shares of Common Stock underlying Stock Options exercisable within 60 days by Mr. Zygmont. 

Item. 13. Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Backstop Agreements 
 
 On December 21, 2021, Petra entered into certain backstop agreements (the Backstop Agreements with AXA Prime Impact Master Fund AXA (through a backstop agreement with Old Revelation, LifeSci Venture Partners LifeSci and other Petra and Old Revelation institutional, and individual investors, including Dr. Tidmarsh, chairman of the Company (such additional institutional and individual investors, together with LifeSci and Old Revelation collectively, the Backstop Subscribers ). Pursuant to the Backstop Agreements, the Backstop Subscribers agreed to subscribe for and purchase, in the aggregate, up to 4.5 million of shares of Petra s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Petra Common Stock ), in the event that more than 31.5 million of shares of Petra Common Stock are submitted for redemption in connection with Petra s proposed business combination with Old Revelation (the Business Combination ). On January 6, 2022, pursuant to the Backstop Agreements, the Backstop Subscribers purchased an aggregate of 12,345 shares of Petra Common Stock. 
 
 Old Revelation obtained the financing for its Backstop Agreement through a convertible note financing in an amount of up to 2.5 million from an AXA (the Convertible Note ), the proceeds of which may be used by Old Revelation solely to purchase shares of Petra Common Stock from redeeming Petra stockholders who redeem shares of Petra Common Stock in connection with the Business Combination. On January 6, 2022, Old Revelation purchased 7,001 shares of Petra Common Stock with the proceeds from the Convertible Note. Repayment of the Convertible Note is in process in accordance with the exchange terms of the Convertible Note, by which the shares of Petra s Common Stock purchased by Old Revelation are transferred to AXA. 
 
 Forward Share Purchase Agreement 
 
 On December 21, 2021, Petra also entered into a forward share purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Meteora Capital Partners and its affiliates (collectively, Meteora pursuant to which Meteora has committed, subject to certain customary closing conditions, to purchase additional shares of Petra Common Stock in open market transactions or from redeeming stockholders so that Meteora holds at least 21,429 shares of Petra common stock as of the closing of the Business Combination, and to not redeem any of such 21,429 shares of Petra Common Stock, in connection with the business combination. 
 
 The Purchase Agreement provides that Meteora may elect to sell and transfer to Petra, and that Petra will purchase from Meteora, on the one month anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination up to 21,429 shares of Petra Common Stock (the Petra Share Repurchase held by Meteora at the time of closing of the Business Combination (the Meteora Shares ). The price at which Meteora has the right to sell the Meteora Shares to the Petra is 357.10 per share. Meteora will notify the Petra in writing not less than five business days prior to the closing date of the Petra Share Repurchase (the Closing Date ), specifying the number of Meteora Shares that Petra will be required to purchase. 
 
 Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Meteora is also permitted at its election to sell any or all of the Meteora Shares in the open market commencing after the closing of the Business Combination, so long as the sale price exceeds 357.10 per share. 
 
 On February 4, 2022, Meteora exercised the Forward Share Purchase Agreement entered into by and between the Company. 21,429 shares were repurchased by the Company and approximately 7.7 million that was escrowed was paid to Meteora. 
 96 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 On December 19, 2022, the Company entered into a Subscription and Investment Representation Agreement (the Subscription Agreement with James Rolke, its Chief Executive Officer, who is an accredited investor (the Purchaser ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell one (1) share of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Preferred Stock ), to the Purchaser for 5,000.00 in cash. The sale closed on December 19, 2022. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock will have 50,000,000 votes and will vote together with the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as a single class exclusively with respect to any proposal to amend the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock and to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock will be voted, without action by the holder, on any such proposal in the same proportion as shares of common stock are voted. The Series A Preferred Stock otherwise has no voting rights except as otherwise required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock has no rights with respect to any distribution of assets of the Company, including upon a liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. The holder of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive dividends of any kind. 
 
 The outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock was automatically redeemed upon the effectiveness of the amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation implementing the reverse stock split and the increase in authorized shares of common stock of the Company. Upon such redemption, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock received the redemption price of 5,000.00 in cash. 
 
 Related Party Policy 
 
 Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our Shares of Common Stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 
 
 Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction. No director may participate in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director is required to provide the audit committee with all material information concerning the transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 
 
 These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 
 
 To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors including (i) an entity that is either a portfolio company of, or has otherwise received a material financial investment from, any private equity fund or 
 97 
 
 investment company (or an affiliate thereof) that is affiliated with any of the foregoing, (ii) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently passive investors, (iii) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently officers or directors, or (iv) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently invested through an investment vehicle controlled by them, unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, and the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors that the business combination is fair to us and to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 Our board of directors currently consists of five members. Our board of directors has determined that all of our directors, other than Mr. Rolke, qualify as independent directors in accordance with the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq, Marketplace Rules, or the Nasdaq Listing Rules, which the Company has adopted as its independence standards. Mr. Rolke is not considered independent because he is an executive officer of the Company. Under the 
 
 Nasdaq Listing Rules, the definition of independence includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director nor any of his or her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, as required by the Nasdaq Listing Rules, our board of directors has made a subjective determination as to each independent director that no relationships exist that, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In making these determinations, our board of directors reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Baker Tilly US, LLP acted as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the interim periods in such fiscal years. The following table shows the fees that were incurred by the Company for audit and other services provided by Baker Tilly US, LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees (a) 

144,730 

147,567 

Tax Fees (b) 

19,756 

38,869 

Other Fees (c) 

126,016 

107,959 

Total 

290,502 

294,395 

____________ 
 (a) Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and the review of its financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings. 
 (b) Tax fees represent fees for professional services related to tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 
 (c) Other fees represent fees related to our filing of certain Registration Statements. 
 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 All audit related services, tax services and other services rendered by Baker Tilly US, LLP were pre-approved by the Company s Board of Directors. Commencing in 2020, the Audit Committee was charged with all pre-approval activities with respect to the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has adopted a pre-approval policy that provides for the pre-approval of all services performed for the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm. Our independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval policy, and the fees for the services performed to date. 
 98 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

EXHIBIT 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

2.1 (3) 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 29, 2021 by and among Petra Acquisition, Inc., Petra Acquisition Merger Inc., and Revelation Biosciences, Inc. 

3.1 (3) 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated January 30, 2023 

3.3 (3) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws. 

4.1 (3) 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 

4.2 (3) 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate 

4.3 (2) 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated October 7, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company 

4.4 (5) 
 
 Form of Unregistered Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated January 25, 2022 

4.5 (5) 
 
 Form of Unregistered Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated January 25, 2022 

4.6 (5) 
 
 Form of Unregistered Placement Agent Warrant dated January 25, 2022 

4.7 (6) 
 
 Form of Common Stock Warrant dated July 28, 2022 

4.8 (6) 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated July 28, 2022 

4.9 (6) 
 
 Warrant Agency Agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Co. dated July 28, 2022 

4.10 (7) 
 
 Form of Class C Common Stock Warrant dated February 13, 2023 

4.11 (7) 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated February 13, 2023 

4.12 (7) 
 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Co. dated February 13, 2023 

4.13 (6) 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 (1) 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant s sponsor, initial stockholder, officers and directors. 

10.2 (2) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 7, 2020, between the Company and Investors. 

10.3 (2) 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated October 7, 2020, between the Company and Petra Investment Holdings LLC 

10.4 (2) 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated October 7, 2020, by and among the Company, LifeSci Capital LLC, Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc., Northland Securities, Inc., and Ingalls Snyder LLC 

10.5 (2) 
 
 Escrow Agreement, dated October 7, 2020, by and among the Company, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company s Initial Stockholders. 

10.6 (1) 
 
 Promissory Note 

10.7 (3) 
 
 Revelation Biosciences, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 

10.8 (3) 
 
 Global Health Agreement by and between Revelation and AXA IM Prime Impact Fund dated December 31, 2020 

10.9 (3) 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Revelation Biosciences, Inc. and James Rolke, effective July 27, 2021 

10.10 (3) 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Revelation Biosciences, Inc. and Chester S. Zygmont, III, effective July 27, 2021 

10.11 (3) 
 
 Revelation Common Stock Warrant Issued to National Securities Corporation 

10.12 (5) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 23, 2022 by and between the Company and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. 

10.13 (5) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated January 23, 2022 by and between the Company and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. 

10.14 (6) 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 28, 2022 

10.15 (6) 
 
 Form of Placement Agency Agreement dated July 28, 2022 

10.16 (7) 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 13, 2023 

10.17 (6) 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement 

99 

10.18 (7) 
 
 Form of Placement Agency Agreement Dated February 13, 2023 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 

21.1 (4) 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm of Revelation Biosciences, Inc. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a_14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a_14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter 

99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter 

99.3 
 
 Nominating Committee Charter 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

The annexes, schedules, and certain exhibits to the Agreement and Plan of Merger have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Revelation hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex, schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

(1) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Petra Acquisition Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-240175). 

(2) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Petra Acquisition Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2020. 

(3) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Petra Acquisition Inc. s Current Report on Form S-4 filed, as amended (File No. 333- 259638). 

(4) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Revelation Biosciences, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2022. 

(5) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Revelation Biosciences, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2022. 

(6) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Revelation Biosciences, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-268076). 

(7) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Revelation Biosciences, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023. 

+ 
 Previously filed. 

Filed herewith. 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 

100 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ James Rolke 

James Rolke 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Chester S. Zygmont, III and Joseph P. Galda, jointly and severally, his or her attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James Rolke 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ George Tidmarsh 

Chairman and Director 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chester S. Zygmont, III 

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jennifer Carver 

Director 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jess Roper 

Director 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Curt LaBelle 

Director 

101 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 F-26 

F- 1 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Revelation Biosciences, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Revelation Biosciences, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, , the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Going Concern Uncertainty 
 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring operating losses and has no revenue sources. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 30, 2023 
 F- 2 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Ite m 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Deferred offering costs 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use lease asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liability 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Series A Preferred Stock, par value; and shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; liquidation preference of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Revelation Sub Series A Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized, iss ued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Revelation Sub Series A-1 Preferred Stock, par value; and shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common Stock, par value; and shares authorized and and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

() 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 
 
 REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense) 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 
 
 REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Ch anges in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Series A Preferred Stock 

Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

(Deficit) 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 (as previously reported) 

() 

Retrospective application of reverse recapitalization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Reverse stock split fractional stock round up 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020, after effect of the Business Combination 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of Revelation Sub Series A-1 Preferred Stock, net 

Issuance of Warrants in connection with the issuance of the Revelation Sub Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

() 

Payment for Revelation Sub Series A Preferred Stock subscribed 

Payment for common stock subscribed 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021, after effect of the Business Combination 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 (as previously reported) 

() 

() 

Retrospective application of reverse recapitalization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Reverse stock split fractional stock round up 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021, after effect of the Business Combination 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with the Business Combination, net 

Issuance of common stock for fees in connection with the Business Combination 

Proceeds from the PIPE Investment, net 

Rollover Warrant exercise 

Repurchase for the Forward Share Purchase Agreement exercise 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Pre-Funded Warrants exercise 

() 

Proceeds from the July 2022 Public Offering, net 

RSU awards issued 

() 

Issuance of common stock for Accrued Expenses in connection with the Business Combination 

Issuance of Series A Preferred Stock 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 
 
 REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Depreciation expense 

Non-cash lease expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

Deferred offering costs 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Operating lease liability 

() 

() 

Accrued interest on Promissory Notes Payable Convertible Note 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from the Convertible Note 

Repayment of the Convertible Note 

() 

Proceeds from the Business Combination, net 

Proceeds from the PIPE Investment, net 

Proceeds from Rollover Warrant exercise 

Repurchase for the Forward Share Purchase Agreement exercise 

() 

Repayments of Promissory Notes Payable, including interest 

() 

Proceeds from Pre-Funded Warrants exercise 

Proceeds from the July 2022 Public Offering, net 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net 

Proceeds from issuance of Series A Preferred Stock 

Proceeds from issuance of Revelation Sub Series A Preferred Stock, net 

Proceeds from issuance of Revelation Sub Series A-1 Preferred Stock, net 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Current liabilities assumed in the Business Combination 

Deferred underwriting commissions assumed in the Business Combination 

Conversion of Revelation Sub Series A Preferred Stock to common stock 

Conversion of Revelation Sub Series A-1 Preferred Stock to common stock 

Equity Issuance for fees in connection with the Business Combination 

Issuance of Class A Common Stock Warrants in connection with the PIPE Investment 

Issuance of Class A Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants in connection with the PIPE Investment 

Conversion of Accrued Expenses to Equity in connection with the Business Combination 

Issuance of Class B Common Stock Warrants in connection with the July 2022 Public Offering 

Issuance of Class B Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants in connection with the July 2022 Public Offering 

Acquisition of right-of-use asset through operating lease obligation 

Issuance of warrants in connection with Revelation Sub Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 
 
 REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 No tes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 On January 30, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment of the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment reflecting the change in authorized shares of common stock from to and effecting a reverse stock split as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 1, 2023 with a ratio of 1-for-35 (the Reverse Split ). As a result of the Reverse Split, every shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock automatically converted into share of common stock, without any change in the par value per share. No fractional shares will be outstanding following the Reverse Split. Any holder who would have received a fractional share of common stock will automatically be entitled to receive an additional fraction of a share of common stock to round up to the next whole share. In addition, effective as of the same time as the Reverse Split, proportionate adjustments were made to all then-outstanding equity awards and warrants with respect to the number of shares of common stock subject to such award or warrant and the exercise price thereof. Furthermore, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the Company s equity incentive plans were proportionately adjusted for the Reverse Split ratio, such that fewer shares will be subject to such plans. All share numbers and preferred stock conversion numbers included herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the 1-for-35 Reverse Split. (See Note 10). The Company has incurred recurring losses since its inception, including a net loss of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million, a stockholders equity of million and available cash and cash equivalents of million. The Company expects to continue to incur significant operating and net losses, as well as negative cash flows from operations, for the foreseeable future as it continues to complete all necessary product development or future commercialization efforts. The Company has never generated revenue and does not expect to generate revenue from product sales unless and until it successfully completes development and obtains regulatory approval for REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200, REVTx-99b, REVDx-501 or other product candidates, which the Company expects will not be for at least several years, if ever. Additionally, taking into consideration the net proceeds of approximately million received in connection with the public offering completed in February of 2023, the Company does not anticipate that its current cash and cash equivalents balance will be sufficient to sustain operations within one year after the date that the Company s audited financial statements for December 31, 2022 were issued, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. To continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, to raise additional capital resources. The Company plans to seek additional funding through public or private equity or debt financings. The Company may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all. The terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of the Company s stockholders. If the Company is unable to obtain funding, it could be required to delay, reduce or eliminate research and development programs, product portfolio expansion or future commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect the Company s business operations. The audited consolidated financial statements for December 31, 2022, have been prepared on the basis that the Company will continue as a going concern, and does not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the possible inability for the Company to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). All inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain amounts previously reported in the financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. Such reclassifications did not affect net loss, stockholders deficit or cash flows. 

. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operating expense as incurred. When assets are sold, or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any gain or loss is included in other income (expense). 

generally the vesting period of the respective stock-based awards. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. 
 unrecognized tax benefits balances. 
 and potential shares of common stock, respectively, (see Note 10), that were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share because their effect was anti-dilutive. The basic and diluted weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share in the audited consolidated statements of operations excludes the shares issued from the reverse stock split fractional share round up. 
 
 operating segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker, its Chief Executive Officer, manages the Company s operations for the purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. 
 assets and liabilities. Under existing guidance, an entity recognizes the effects of the enacted tax law change on the effective income tax rate in the period that includes the effective date of the tax law. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted. The Company s adoption of the ASU 2019-12 guidance did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

per share, of Revelation based on the agreed upon Common Stock Exchange Ratio; (ii) each Old Revelation RSU award outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time was assumed by Revelation and was converted into that number of whole rollover RSU awards based on the Common Stock Exchange Ratio Rollover RSU ); and (iii) each Old Revelation warrant outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time was assumed by Revelation and was converted into that number of whole rollover warrants based on the Common Stock Exchange Ratio, at an exercise price per share of common stock equal to (x) the exercise price per share of Old Revelation common stock of such Old Revelation warrant divided by (y) the Common Stock Exchange Ratio Rollover Warrant ). At the Closing Date, up to shares of common stock were to be issued constituting the merger consideration, (i) an aggregate of shares of common stock, including conversion of all outstanding shares of the Revelation Sub Series A Preferred Stock and Revelation Sub Series A-1 Preferred Stock of Old Revelation, were issued in exchange for the Old Revelation stock outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) shares of common stock were reserved for issuance for Rollover Warrants outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and (iii) shares of common stock were reserved for issuance for Rollover RSU awards outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. Immediately after giving effect to the Business Combination, there w ere shares of common stock outstanding. The pre-merger stockholders of Petra retained an aggregate of sha res of common stock of Petra, representing ownership of the post-Merger company. Therefore, upon consummation of the Business Combination, there was a change in control of Petra, with the former owners of Revelation Sub acquiring control of Petra. The common stock and net loss per share, prior to the Merger, have been retroactively restated as common stock and net loss per share reflecting the exchange ratio established in the Business Combination (the Common Stock Exchange Ratio ). Prior to the Closing Date, on December 21, 2021, Petra entered into certain backstop agreements (the Backstop Agreements with AXA Prime Impact Master Fund AXA (through a backstop agreement with Old Revelation), LifeSci Venture Partners LifeSci and other Petra and Old Revelation institutional, and individual investors, including Dr. Tidmarsh, Chairman of Old Revelation and present Chairman of the Company (such additional institutional and individual investors, together with LifeSci and Old Revelation collectively, the Backstop Subscribers ). Pursuant to the Backstop Agreements, the Backstop Subscribers agreed to purchase, in the aggregate, up to million of shares of Petra s common stock, par value per share, in the event that more than million was redeemed from the trust account in connection with the Business Combination. On January 6, 2022, pursuant to the Backstop Agreements, the Backstop Subscribers purchased a n aggregate of shares of Petra Common Stock that had been surrendered for redemption totaling million. Petra also entered into a forward share purchase agreement (the Forward Share Purchase Agreement with Meteora Capital Partners and its affiliates (collectively, Meteora pursuant to which Meteora committed, to purchase additional shares of the Company's common stock in open market transactions or from redeeming stockholders so that Meteora held at least shares of common stock as of the closing of the Business Combination. The Forward Share Purchase Agreement provides that Meteora may elect to sell and transfer to the Company, on the one month anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination up to shares of common stock held by Meteora at the time of closing of the Business Combination at a price of per share. On the Closing Date, in connection with the Business Combination, stockholders holding shares of Petra common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for cash at a price of approximately per share for payments in the aggregate of approximately million. Additionally, approximately million was escrowed pursuant to the Forward Share Purchase Agreement entered into by and between Petra and Meteora and approximately million was released to Revelation. On February 4, 2022, Meteora exercised the Forward Share Purchase Agreement entered into by and between the Company. shares were repurchased by the Company and approximately million that was escrowed was paid to Meteora. At the closing of the Business Combination, Petra adopted the third amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which became effective upon filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on the Closing Date. Subsequent to the Closing Date on February 10, 2022 and February 22, 2022 the Company paid and , respectively, to the three holders of promissory notes made to Petra in connection with the Business Combination Promissory Notes Payable . The Promissory Notes Payable had a total principal of , and had accrued interest of at the time of repayment. The Business Combination has been accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under this method of accounting, although Petra issued shares for outstanding equity interests of Old Revelation in the Business Combination, Petra was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Old Revelation issuing stock for the net assets of Petra, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Petra have been stated at historical cost, with goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination are those of Revelation. 

Other prepaid expenses current assets 

Total prepaid expenses current assets 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Total property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021. Accrued Expenses 

Accrued clinical study expenses 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued clinical development costs 

Accrued other expenses 

Total accrued expenses 

In connection with the Business Combination the Company entered into a payment deferral of legal fees with Loeb Loeb, LLP, which, deferred the legal fees for six months from the Closing Date of the Business Combination, or July 9, 2022. The agreement stated, if the fees were not paid by July 9, 2022, shares of common stock that were issued in January 2022 as collateral to Loeb Loeb, LLP would be retained in lieu of cash payment, as full payment for the legal fees. As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2022 , million of accrued professional fees recorded as of June 30, 2022 were converted to equity. Included in accrued other expenses as of the year ended December 31, 2022 , was the redemption price of the Series A Preferred Stock that automatically redeemed on January 30, 2023 upon the effectiveness of the Certificate of Amendment implementing the reverse stock split and an increase in the authorized shares of common stock of the Compan y. 

 square feet of laboratory space located at 11011 Torreyana Road, Suite 102, San Diego, California (the Original Lease ). The Original Lease had a term of calendar months, plus any partial month at the beginning of the Original Lease (the Original Lease Term ). Revelation Sub recorded a lease liability and right-of-use lease asset for the Original Lease based on the present value of Original Lease payments over the expected Original Lease Term, discounted using Revelation Sub s incremental borrowing rate of . option to extend the Original Lease and the expiration date was . In accordance with the Original Lease, Revelation Sub is required to maintain a security deposit of . Revelation Sub paid a total of of rent expense over the life of the Original Lease. In October 2021, Revelation Sub amended the Original Lease to expire on , equal to an additional nine calendar months with a base monthly rent equal to the 13 th month of the Original Lease (the First Amendment ). Revelation Sub signed the First Amendment on October 14, 2021. In connection with the Business Combination, the First Amendment was assumed by the Company. The Company will pay of rent expense over the life of the First Amendment. The Company has applied the short-term lease exception as the First Amendment is less than . In addition to rent, the Lease requires the Company to pay certain taxes, insurance and operating costs relating to the leased premises. The Lease contains customary default provisions, representations, warranties and covenants. The Lease is classified as an operating lease. Rent expense was for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. There are future minimum lease payments under the First Amendment of the operating lease as of December 31, 2022. Convertible Note Financing On January 4, 2022, Revelation Sub entered into a convertible note financing in an amount of up to million with a fixed annual interest rate from AXA IM Prime Impact Fund (the Convertible Note ), the proceeds of which were used by Revelation Sub to purchase shares of Petra common stock from redeeming Petra stockholders who redeemed shares of Petra common stock in connection with the Business Combination. On January 6, 2022, Old Revelation purchas ed shares of Petra common stock with the proceeds from the Convertible Note. Repayment of the Convertible Note was made on January 6, 2022 in accordance with the exchange terms of the Convertible Note by which shares o f Petra s common stock that had been purchased by Revelation Sub were transferred to AXA. Total interest incurred under the Convertible Note was during the year ended December 31, 2022. Premium Finance Agreement - D O Insurance In order to obtain a public company directors and officers insurance policy D O Insurance ), the Company entered into an agreement with a premium financing lender, where by the lender paid the D O Insurance premium for the company Premium Finance Agreement ). If the Company were to not pay the lender monthly installment payments, the lender would cancel the D O Insurance and the remaining D O Insurance premium would be returned to the lender. In addition, if the Company were to cancel the D O Insurance, the remaining D O Insurance premium would be returned to the lender. The Premium Finance Agreement is for and accrues interest at a fixed rate of per annum payable monthly for a total of over the term of the Premium Finance Agreement. Monthly payments of , are to be paid in installments, which commenced on February 10, 2022 with a maturity date of . Upon entering into the Premium Finance Agreement, an upfront payment of was due and paid on February 14, 2022. Total expense incurred under the Finance Agreement for upfront, monthly and interest payments was during the year ended December 31, 2022. Total cash paid under the Finance Agreement for upfront, monthly and interest payments was during the year ended December 31, 2022 . There are future obligations under the Premium Finance Agreement as of December 31, 2022. Commitments The Company enters into contracts in the normal course of business with third party service providers and vendors. These contracts generally provide for termination on notice and, therefore, are cancellable contracts and not considered contractual obligations and commitments. Contingencies From time to time, the Company may become subject to claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company is not a party to any material legal proceedings, nor is it aware of any material pending or threatened litigation other than described below. Legal Proceedings On February 18, 2022, LifeSci Capital LLC filed an action against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York seeking damages in the amount of approximately million in cash and million in equity for unpaid banking and advisory fees. These fees arise under contracts which were entered into prior to the Business Combination and the Company is disputing the amount owed under those contracts and has asserted affirmative defenses including the defense that the amount of the fees sought exceeded the million cap on transaction expenses in the Business Combination Agreement. This action remains pending as of the date of this report. On March 2, 2023, the court denied the plaintiff s motion for summary judgment. As of the date of this report, the court has not set any schedule for discovery or a timetable for any trial. Of the LifeSci Capital LLC claim, million relates to deferred underwriting fees from the Petra initial public offering. In addition, but separate from the claim, one of the underwriters in the Petra initial public offering who is not a participant in the litigation with LifeSci Capital LLC recently issued a demand letter seeking repayment for thousand in fees owed from the Petra initial public offering that remain unpaid. Both of these amounts are recorded as a current liability in the financial statements as of December 31, 2022 under deferred underwriting commissions. No other liabilities are reflected in the financial statements as the amount of any additional liability cannot be determined at this time. On September 27, 2022, A-IR Clinical Research Ltd. A-IR filed a claim against the Company in the High Court of Justice, in the Business and Property Courts of England and Wales, seeking million in unpaid invoices, plus interest and costs, relating to the Company s viral challenge study. The Company is disputing the claim because many of the invoices relate to work that was not performed and A-IR had misrepresented its qualifications to perform the contracted work. Since this proceeding is at a very early stage, no liability is reflected in the financial statements as the amount of any liability cannot be determined at this time. On January 30, 2023, Marwood Advisory Group, LLC filed an action in the Supreme Court of New York for the County of New York seeking damages in the amount of plus interest in respect of a contract agreed by the sponsors of Petra allegedly relating to a due diligence report with another target considered by Petra prior to the Business Combination. The Company believes it has defenses to this claim and as of the date of this report no answer is due. Since this proceeding is at a very early stage, no liability is reflected in the financial statements as the amount of any liability cannot be determined at this time. 

 shares of common stock at a gross purchase price of per share (the Shares (the PIPE Investment ), unregistered pre-funded warrants to purchase common stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants and unregistered warrants to purchase common stock (the Class A Common Stock Warrants ). The closing was consummated on January 25, 2022. The net proceeds to the Company was million. Each Pre-Funded Warrant was funded to the amount of , with per share of common stock payable upon exercise, was immediately exercisable, could have been exercised at any time until exercised in full and is subject to customary adjustments. The Pre-Funded Warrants may not be exercised if the aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by the holder (together with its affiliates) would exceed of the Company s outstanding common stock immediately after exercise. On February 22, 2022, the Company received a notice of cash exercise for the total outstanding Pre-Funded Warrants issued in connection with the PIPE Investment for shares of common stock at purchase price of . Each Class A Common Stock Warrant has an exercise price of per share of common stock, is exercisable at any time after the sixth month anniversary of the date of issuance, will expir e five and one-half years from the date of issuance and is subject to customary adjustments. The Class A Common Stock Warrants may not be exercised if the aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by the holder (together with its affiliates) would exceed of the Company s outstanding common stock immediately after exercise. However, the holder may increase (upon 61 days prior notice from the holder to the Company) or decrease such percentages, provided that in no event such percentage exceeds . Also on January 23, 2022 and in connection with the private placement, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchaser, pursuant to which the Company agreed to use its best efforts to file a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement to register for resale the Shares and any shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants and Class A Common Stock Warrants by January 31, 2022, but in no event later than February 4, 2022. The company filed the Registration Statement on January 28, 2022 and it became effective on February 7, 2022. Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the Placement Agent was engaged by the Company to act as its exclusive placement agent for the private placement. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds received by the Company in the private placement, totaling approximately . In addition, the Company agreed to issue to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock representing of the aggregate number of shares of common stock sold in the private placement (including shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of any of the Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants) (the Class A Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants ). The Class A Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants have substantially the same terms as the Class A Common Stock Warrants. Using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, the Class A Common Stock Warrants were valued in the aggregate at million and the Class A Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants were valued in the aggregate at million. Both were included in the issuance costs of the private placement (see Note 12). 

 shares of its common stock (the July 2022 Public Offering ), together with warrants to purchase up to shares of its common stock (the Class B Common Stock Warrants at an offering price to the public of per share and associated warrant. The Class B Common Stock Warrants have an exercise price of per share , are exercisable upon issuance, and will expire following the date of issuance. The net proceeds to the Company from the offering were million . The shares of common stock, and the shares of common stock underlying the Class B Common Stock Warrants were registered with the SEC on Form S-1 (File No. 333-266108), and was declared effective by the SEC on July 25, 2022. Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the Placement Agent was engaged by the Company to act as its exclusive placement agent for the July 2022 Public Offering. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds received by the Company in the public offering, totaling . In addition, the Company agreed to issue to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock representing of the aggregate number of shares of common stock sold in the public offering (the Class B Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants ). The Class B Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants have an exercise price of per share and expire following the date of issuance. Using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, the Class B Common Stock Warrants were valued in the aggregate at million and the Class B Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants were valued in the aggregate at million. Both were included in the issuance costs of the July 2022 Public Offering (see Note 12) . 

 shares of preferred stock, par value per share, which may be issued as designated by the Board of Directors without stockholder approval. As of December 31, 2022 and as of the date of this Report, there was one share of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Series A Preferred Stock On December 19, 2022, the Company entered into a Subscription and Investment Representation Agreement (the Subscription Agreement with James Rolke, its Chief Executive Officer, who is an accredited investor (the Purchaser ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell one (1) share of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share, to the Purchaser for in cash. The sale closed on December 19, 2022. The Series A Preferred Stock had votes and voted together with the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as a single class exclusively with respect to any proposal to amend the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock and to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock voted, without action by the holder, on any such proposal in the same proportion as shares of common stock voted. The Series A Preferred Stock otherwise had no voting rights except as otherwise required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The Series A Preferred Stock was not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock had no rights with respect to any distribution of assets of the Company, including upon a liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. The holder of the Series A Preferred Stock was not entitled to receive dividends of any kind. The outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock was automatically redeemed on January 30, 2023 upon the effectiveness of the Certificate of Amendment implementing the reverse stock split and the increase in authorized shares of common stock of the Company. Upon such redemption, the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock received the redemption price of in cash. Revelation Sub Authorized Preferred Stock Prior to the Merger, in August 2020, Revelation Sub authorized the sale and issuance of up to shares of preferred stock, par value per s hare. At the Closing Date of the Business Combination, all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock were converted into and , respectively, shares of common stock (see Note 3). Revelation Sub Series A Preferred Stock Prior to the Merger, in December 2020, Revelation Sub sold and issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock for net proceeds of million. All shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were exchanged on the Closing Date for shares of common stock in connection with the Business Combination. Revelation Sub Series A-1 Preferred Stock Prior to the Merger, in January 2021, Revelation Sub sold and issued shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock for net proceeds of million. All shares of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock were exchanged on the Closing Date for shares of common stock in connection with the Business Combination. 

 per shares (the Public Warrants ). As of December 31, 2022 there were u nits outstanding (not effected for the reverse split), which trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol REVBU. The Company includes each share of common stock and Public Warrant from the unit s in its calculation of common stock and Public Warrants outstanding, respectively. 

shares of Common Stock, par value per share. Reverse Split On January 30, 2023, the Company filed the Certificate of Amendment reflecting the change in authorized shares of common stock from to and effecting a reverse stock split as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 1, 2023 with a ratio of 1-for-35 . 
 Common Stock Issuance due to the Business Combination At the Closing Date, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock in exchange for the Revelation Sub stock, outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. On the Closing Date, the Company received net proceeds from the Business Combination of million, of which million was escrowed pursuant to a Forward Share Purchase Agreement entered into by Petra and million was released to Revelation. Common Stock Issuance during the year ended December 31, 2022 On January 23, 2022, the Company issue d shares of common stock in connection with the PIPE Investment. The Company received net proceeds of million. On January 31, 2022, the Company iss ued shares of common stock as collateral to Loeb Loeb, LLP as part of a payment deferral of legal fees in connection with the Business Combination. On February 4, 2022, the Company cancelled shares in connection with the exercise of the Forward Share Purchase Agreement and approximately million that was in escrow was paid to Meteora. On February 22, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the notice of cash exercise for the Pre-Funded Warrants issued in connection with the PIPE Investment with a total purchase price of . On February 2, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with a notice of cash exercise for the Company s Rollover Warrants with a total purchase price of . On July 28, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the July 2022 Public Offering. The Company received net proceeds of million. On July 29, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with vested Rollover RSU awards. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , cash dividends have been declared or paid. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Revelation Sub Series A Preferred Stock 

Series A-1 Preferred Stock 

Public Warrants 

Class A Common Stock Warrants 

Class A Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants 

Class B Common Stock Warrants 

Class B Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants 

Rollover Warrants 

Unvested and unissued Rollover RSU awards 

Stock options outstanding 

Shares reserved for issuance 

Shares available for future stock grants under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 

Total common stock reserved for issuance 

shares that had been granted for RSU awards under the 2020 Plan. On the Closing Date of the Business Combination, the outstanding RSU awards from the 2020 Plan were exchanged for Rollover RSU awards and the 2020 Plan was cancelled and there are additional shares available for grant under the 2020 Plan. In January 2022, in connection with the Business Combination, the Board of Directors adopted the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan and reserved authorized shares of common stock the Company could issue. The 2021 Plan is administered by the Board of Directors. Vesting periods and other restrictions for grants under the 2021 Plan are determined at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Grants to employees, officers, directors, advisors, and consultants of the Company typically vest over one to . In addition, the number of shares of stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan will be automatically increased each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2022, by of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of our common stock from the first day of the preceding calendar year to the first day of the current calendar year or such lesser number as determined by our board of directors. On January 1, 2023, after effecting the Reverse Split the total shares available for issuance under the 2021 Equity Plan was increased to authorized shares of common stock. Under the 2021 Plan, stock options and stock appreciation rights are granted at exercise prices determined by the Board of Directors which cannot be less than of the estimated fair market value of the common stock on the grant date. Incentive stock options granted to any stockholders holding 10 or more of the Company's equity cannot be granted with an exercise price of less than of the estimated fair market value of the common stock on the grant date and such options are not exercisable after from the grant date. As of December 31, 2022, there were sh ares available for future grant under the 2021 Plan. Restricted Stock Units At the Closing Date of the Business Combination, all Revelation Sub RSU award holders received a Rollover RSU award in exchange for each RSU award of Revelation Sub that vest in accordance with the original terms of the award. The Company determined this to be a Type I modification but did not record any incremental stock-based compensation expense since the fair value of the modified awards immediately after the modification was not greater than the fair value of the original awards immediately before the modification. The Rollover RSU awards have time-based and milestone-based vesting conditions. for grants to the Board of Directors and or on the one year anniversary and the remainder vesting monthly thereafter for grants to officers, employees and consultants . The milestone-based vesting conditions vested on the Closing Date of the Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has a total of and Rollover RSU awards for shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Rollover RSU awards have fully vested and been issued and Rollover RSU awards have been forfeited. As of December 31, 2022, Rollover RSU awards will vest and be issued over the next years. Each Rollover RSU award converts to one share of common stock. Stock Options The Company has granted stock options which on the one year anniversary of the grant date or the employees hiring date, with the remainder vesting quarterly thereafter for grants to officers and employees. Stock options have a maximum term of . On July 29, 2022, in connection with the release of employees, the Board of Directors granted stock options for shares of common stock that vest on the date of grant. The stock options have a maximum term of years. 

Exercised 

Expired and forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 , the weighted-average Black-Scholes value per stock option was . 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of shares of the Company s common stock. In determining the expected term of stock options, the Company uses the simplified method. Under this method, the expected term is presumed to be the midpoint between the average vesting date and the end of the contractual term. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the stock options in effect at the time of the grants. The dividend yield assumption is based on the expectation of no future dividend payments by the Company. In addition to assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model, the Company reduces stock-based compensation expense based on actual forfeitures in the period that each forfeiture occurs. Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

Stock Options 

General and administrative stock-based compensation expense 

Research and development: 

RSU awards 

Stock Options 

Research and development stock-based compensation expense 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

As of December 31, 2022, there was and of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to Rollover RSU awards and stock options, respectively. The unrecognized stock-based compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a period of years and years for Rollover RSU s and stock options, respectively. 

 Public Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share and expire on . The Public Warrants trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol REVBW. The Company may redeem the Public Warrants at a price of per Public Warrant upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceed s per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to the Public Warrant holders; and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the Public Warrants. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. Rollover Warrants Prior to the Merger, in connection with the issuanc e of the Revelation Sub Series A-1 Preferred Stock through a private placement, Revelation Sub issued warrants to the placement agent to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, valued on the issuance date of the Revelation Sub Series A-1 Preferred Stock in the aggregate at and included in the issuance costs of the Revelation Sub Series A-1 Preferred Stock. The warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance, provide for a cash or cashless exercise right and expire on . At the Closing Date of the Business Combination, all warrant holders received a Rollover Warrant, which was exercisable in accordance with its original issuance. On February 2, 2022, the Company received a notice of cash exercise for the Company s Rollover Warrants for shares of common stock at a purchase price of . As of December 31, 2022, there were Rollover Warrants remaining to be exercised or exchanged. 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Class A Common Stock Warrants In connection with the PIPE Investment, the Company issued warrants to the Purchaser to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, valued on the PIPE Investment purchase date in the aggregate at and included in the issuance costs of the PIPE Investment. The warrants were exercisable six months from the issuance date, provide for a cash or cashless exercise right and expire on . 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Pre-Funded Warrants In connection with the PIPE Investment, the Company issued warrants to the Purchaser to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. On February 22, 2022, the Company received a notice of cash exercise for the Pre-Funded Warrants issued in connection with the PIPE Investment for shares of common stock at purchase price of . Class A Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants In connection with the PIPE Investment, the Company issued warrants to the Placement Agent to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, valued on the PIPE Investment purchase date in the aggregate at and included in the issuance costs of the PIPE Investment. The warrants were exercisable six months from the issuance date, provide for a cash or cashless exercise right and expire on . 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Class B Common Stock Warrants In connection with the July 2022 Public Offering, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, valued on the public offering purchase date in the aggregate at and included in the issuance costs of the public offering. The warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance, provide for a cash or cashless exercise right and expire on . 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Class B Placement Agent Common Stock Warrants In connection with the July 2022 Public Offering, the Company issued warrants to the Placement Agent to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, valued on the public offering purchase date in the aggregate at and included in the issuance costs of the public offering. The warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance, provide for a cash or cashless exercise right and expire on . 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

t record a provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 due to a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Research and development credits 

Non-deductible expenses 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Effective tax rate 

Research and development credits 

Capitalized research and development costs 

Capitalized start-up costs 

Other, net 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a full valuation allowance of and , respectively, was established against its deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of such assets. The valuation allowance increased by and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the increase in the deferred tax assets by the same amount; primarily due to net operating loss carryforwards and the mandatory capitalization of qualified research and development expenses in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of and , respectively. Federal net operating losses carryforward indefinitely. State net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in . The Company had estimated federal research and development credit carryforwards of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The federal research tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in . The Company had estimated state research and development credit carryforwards of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The California state credits carryforward indefinitely. Pursuant to Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC ), utilization of the Company s federal net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credit carryforwards may be subject to annual limitations in the event of any significant future changes in its ownership structure. These annual limitations may result in the expiration of net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards prior to utilization. The Company has not completed an IRC Section 382 and 383 analyses regarding the limitation of net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards. No liability is recorded on the financial statements related to uncertain tax positions. There are unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company does not expect that uncertain tax benefits will materially change in the next 12 months. The Company s policy is to record estimated interest and penalties related to uncertain tax benefits as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued interest or penalties recorded related to uncertain tax positions. The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various state jurisdictions. The Company s tax returns since inception are subject to examination by the U.S. and various state tax authorities. The Company is not currently undergoing a tax audit in any federal or state jurisdiction. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act was enacted and signed into law and GAAP requires recognition of the tax effects of new legislation during the reporting period that includes the enactment date. The CARES Act includes changes to the tax provisions that benefits business entities and makes certain technical corrections to the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The tax relief measures for businesses in the CARES Act include a five-year net operating loss carryback for certain net operating losses, suspension of the annual deduction limitation of of taxable income for certain net operating losses, changes in the deductibility of interest, acceleration of alternative minimum tax credit refunds, payroll tax relief, and a technical correction to allow accelerated deductions for qualified improvement property. The CARES Act also provides other non-tax benefits to assist those impacted by the pandemic. The Company evaluated the impact of the CARES Act and determined that there is no material impact to the income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Consolidated Appropriation Act CAA of 2021 was signed into law by the President, December 27, 2020, containing the most recent COVID-19 relief provisions as well as many tax provisions including renewals of several popular tax extenders. The Company evaluated the impact of the CAA and determined that there is no material impact to the income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 units seperated, new shares of common stock or Public Warrants were issued in connection with the speration. Second Amendment to Lease In January 2023, Revelation Sub amended the First Amendment to the Original Lease (the Second Amendment to expire on , equal to an additional 11 calendar months with a base monthly rent equal to . Revelation Sub signed the Second Amendment on January 17, 2023. The Company will pay of rent expense over the life of the Second Amendment. Change in Authorized Shares and Reverse Stock Split On January 30, 2023, at a special meeting of stockholders, the Company s stockholders approved a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to change the authorized common stock from to shares and effect a . On January 30, 2023, the Company filed the Certificate of Amendment which set the authorized shares of common stock to and effected a 1-for-35 reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 1, 2023. Public Offering On February 13, 2023, the Company closed a public offering of (i) an aggregate of shares of its common stock, par value per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants and (ii) accompanying Class C Common Stock Purchase Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of its Common Stock at a combined offering price of per share of Common Stock and associated Class C Common Stock Warrants, or per Pre-Funded Warrant and associated Class C Common Stock Warrants, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded of deferred offering costs. The Pre-Funded Warrants do not expire and have an exercise price of per share. The Class C Common Stock Warrants will have an exercise price of per share, are exercisable upon issuance, and will expire following the date of issuance . The net proceeds to the Company from the offering were approximately million, after deducting the placement agent s fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering to further the development of REVTx-300, REVTx-100, REVTx-200 and REVTx-99b; continue to develop other products and therapies; and fund working capital and general corporate purposes using any remaining amounts. A registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-268576) relating to these securities has been filed with the SEC, and was declared effective by the SEC on February 9, 2023. Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the Placement Agent was engaged by the Company to act as its exclusive placement agent for the public offering. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds received by the Company in the public offering, totaling approximately million. Using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, the Class C Common Stock Warrants were valued in the aggregate at million and included in the issuance costs of the public offering. As a result of the proceeds from the Public Offering, the Company believes it is now in compliance with Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) because it has stockholders equity in excess of million as of the date of this filing. Regaining NASDAQ Compliance On February 16, 2023, the Company received formal notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq stating that the Company s common stock will continue to be listed and traded on Nasdaq, due to the Company having regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement and minimum stockholders equity requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rules 5550(a)(2) and 5550(b)(1), respectively, and all applicable listing standards. As previously reported in 2022, Nasdaq issued delist letters based on the Company s non-compliance with the bid price and stockholders equity requirements for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rules 5550(a)(2) and 5550(b)(1), respectively. The Company s compliance plan was approved by a Nasdaq hearing panel giving the Company until April 18, 2023 to regain compliance. To regain compliance with the stockholders equity requirement, the Company must have achieved stockholders equity of at least million and demonstrated its ability to sustain compliance with that requirement. In order to demonstrate compliance with the bid price requirement, the Company must have demonstrated compliance for a minimum of consecutive business days. Also, as previously reported on February 13, 2023, the Company closed a Public Offering on February 13, 2023, resulting in estimated net cash proceeds of approximately million after accounting for estimated expenses incurred in connection with the Public Offering. As a result, the Listing Qualifications staff determined that the Company has regained compliance with the minimum equity requirement. The staff also determined as of February 15, 2023, the Company has evidenced compliance with the per share price requirement having traded for consecutive trading days above . Pre-Funded Warrant Exercise On February 14, 2023, the Company received a notice of cash exercise for the Pre-Funded Warrants issued in connection with the February 2023 Public Offering for shares of common stock at purchase price of . On March 2, 2023, the Company received a notice of cash exercise for the Pre-Funded Warrants issued in connection with the February 2023 Public Offering for shares of common stock at purchase price of . Class C Common Stock Warrant Exercise As of March 20 2023, the Company received notices of alternative cash-less exercises for Class C Common Stock Warrants issued in connection with the February 2023 Public Offering for shares of common stock. 

F- 26 

<EX-14>
 2
 revb-ex14_1.htm
 EX-14.1

EX-14 

EXHIBIT 14.1 
 REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 
 
 I. INTRODUCTION 

(February 1, 2022) 
 
 This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (this Code provides a general statement of the expectations of Revelation Biosciences, Inc. (the Company regarding the ethical standards to which each director , officer and employee should adhere while acting on behalf of the Company. You are expected to read and become familiar with the ethical standards described in this Code and will be required, from time to time, to affirm your agreement to adhere to such standards by signing the Compliance Certificate that appears at the end of this Code. 
 
 We are proud of what the Company has accomplished to date, and your commitment to continued excellence is crucial as our company changes and grows. We expect all individuals associated with the Company to conduct themselves with the highest degree of honesty and integrity at all times. 
 
 This Code should be read in conjunction with our other policies and procedures, including our Employee Handbook, copies of which are available from Human Resources. This Code is not a substitute for those other documents. Instead, this Code should be viewed as a general statement of the guiding principles that should help you keep our core values in mind as you conduct business on behalf of the Company. 
 
 We consider any violation of this Code to be a serious breach of our trust, and any violation will result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Similarly, if you are aware of someone s violation of this Code, you have a duty to report the violation in accordance with the procedure detailed below. We depend on your commitment to protect our culture and values and will view your reporting of violations in that context. 
 
 While this Code covers multiple scenarios and activities, it cannot possibly address every challenging situation that could arise. Therefore, if you are faced with an issue that you feel may not be covered specifically by this Code, and are making a decision to act, please keep the following in mind: 
 
 Consider whether your actions would conform to the intent of the Code. 

Consider whether your actions could create even a perception of impropriety. 

Make sure you have all of the relevant facts. 

Consider discussing the matter with your supervisor, as applicable, or reporting the matter anonymously as described below. 

Seek help. It is always better to seek assistance before you act, rather than making a preventable mistake. 

1 

EXHIBIT 14.1 
 
 II. REPORTING VIOLATIONS 

If you know or reasonably believe that there has been a violation of this Code or any other illegal behavior, you must report such violation or illegal behavior to your supervisor, Human Resources HR or the Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Additionally, employees, consultants and others may report any violations of this Code or any other illegal behavior anonymously through the Company s whistleblower hotline. 
 
 Phone : (858) 255-0017 
 
 Such complaints will be directed to the Company s CFO. However, if the complaint involves CFO, or otherwise gives rise to a conflict of interest, such complaints will be directed to the Company s Audit Committee and/or outside counsel. The Company s outside counsel contact is Joseph Galda jpgalda@jpgaldaco.com of J.P. Galda Co. 
 
 Failure to report a known or suspected violation of this Code is itself a violation, and may result in disciplinary action up to, and including, termination. 
 
 Any director, officer or employee who obtains information about a Code violation or illegal act has the responsibility to report the matter immediately to one of the above individuals. The Company will not discharge, demote, suspend, threaten, harass or in any manner discriminate or tolerate discrimination or retaliation against any director, officer or employee for reporting, in good faith, a potential violation, and any supervisor intimidating or imposing sanctions on any such person for reporting a matter in good faith will be disciplined. 
 
 III. PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY AND INTEGRITY 

1. Confidential Information and Privacy 

The Company holds many types of confidential information that must be carefully safeguarded. Protecting this information is essential to maintaining our relationships with our suppliers, customers, and other business partners. In addition, Company information, which includes confidential information and third-party information the Company has a duty to keep confidential (such as patient and employee health information), should not be used other than for its intended use, and documents including such information should be disposed of properly and should not be copied or removed from the work area, except as required for job performance. Company information should never be disclosed to outsiders without specific approval by the Company. 
 
 Confidential information includes: 
 
 information marked Confidential, Private, For Internal Use Only, or with a similar legend; 

technical or scientific information relating to current and future product candidates, services, or research; 

2 

EXHIBIT 14.1 
 business or marketing plans or projections; 

earnings and other internal financial data; 

personnel information; 

other non-public information that, if disclosed, might be of use to the Company s competitors or harmful to the Company or its business partners; and 

other non-public information that, if disclosed, would violate federal or state securities laws. 

2. Use of Company Systems 

The data and other information you use, send, receive, and store on the Company s telecommunications equipment (including email, voicemail, and the internet) are business records owned by the Company. Therefore, subject to applicable laws and regulations, the Company has the right to access, read, monitor, inspect, review and disclose the contents of, postings to and downloads from all of the Company s information systems . In addition, your use of the Company s systems and equipment reflects on the Company as a whole, and at no time may you use the Company systems or equipment to view, access, store, share, or send illegal, derogatory, harassing or inappropriate information, including obscene, racist, or sexually explicit information, or engage in any activity that violates the intellectual property rights of others. We strongly encourage all directors, officers and employees to avoid references to the Company on social networking sites or other Internet based communications sites. Please refer to our Employee Handbook, which is incorporated herein by reference, for additional information. 
 
 3. Conflicts of Interest 

Directors, officers, and employees should avoid activities that create or give the appearance of a conflict of interest between their personal interests and the Company s interests. A conflict of interest exists when a personal interest or activity of a director officer or employee could influence or interfere with that person s performance of duties, responsibilities, or commitments to the Company. A conflict of interest also exists when a director, officer or employee (or member of his or her family) receives an improper personal benefit as a result of his or her position at the Company. Below are some examples that could result in a conflict of interest. 
 
 be a consultant to, or a director, officer, or employee of, or otherwise operate an outside business that is a significant competitor, supplier, or customer of the Company; 

be a consultant to, or a director, officer, or employee of, or otherwise operate an outside business if the demands of the outside business would materially interfere with the director s, officer s, or employee s responsibilities to the Company; 

take personal advantage or obtain personal gain from an opportunity learned of or discovered during the course and scope of your employment when that opportunity or discovery could be of benefit or interest to the Company; 

3 

EXHIBIT 14.1 
 have significant financial interest, including direct stock ownership, in any outside business that does or seeks to do a material amount of business with the Company; 

seek or accept any personal loan or services from any such outside business, except from financial institutions or service providers offering similar loans or services to third parties under similar terms in the ordinary course of their respective businesses; 

accept any personal loan or guarantee of obligations from the Company, except to the extent such arrangements are legally permissible; or 

conduct business on behalf of the Company with immediate family members, which include spouses, children, parents, siblings, and persons sharing the same home whether or not legal relatives. 

Whether or not a conflict of interest exists or will exist can be unclear. Persons other than directors and executive officers who have questions about a potential conflict of interest or who become aware of an actual or potential conflict should discuss the matter with their supervisor, as applicable, or the CFO. Directors and executive officers must consult and seek prior approval of potential conflicts of interest exclusively from the Audit Committee. 
 
 For avoidance of doubt, a director affiliated with an investment firm shall not be presumed to have a conflict of interest due to such investment firm or the director acting on its behalf conducting normal activities. 
 
 4. Proper Use of Company Assets 

The Company s assets shall be used for their intended business purposes. Personal use of the Company s funds or property, including charging personal expenses as business expenses, inappropriate reporting or overstatement of business or travel expenses, and inappropriate usage of company equipment or the personal use of supplies or facilities without advance approval from an appropriate officer of the Company shall be considered a breach of the Code. 
 
 4 

EXHIBIT 14.1 
 IV. LEGAL REQUIREMENTS 

1. Regulatory Compliance 

As participants in the heavily regulated biotechnology industry, adherence to regulatory compliance principles and procedures is among our highest priorities. 
 
 We have a goal of developing product candidates of the highest quality possible. We also are sensitive to the special considerations involved in conducting clinical research. Therefore, we have developed policies and procedures to ensure that this research is conducted effectively and legally. This means that our clinical research procedures must abide by applicable regulatory requirements and be conducted with respect for the research participants involved. 
 
 2. Gifts 

It is against the Company policy for a director, officer or employee of the Company to offer anything of value to an existing or potential clinical investigator, IRB, patient or other party that would inappropriately influence the design, conduct, enrollment or outcome of clinical studies. Similarly, it is against the Company policy for a director, officer or employee to offer anything of value to an existing or potential customer that would inappropriately influence that consumer to select a Company product. 
 
 There are similar concerns involving potential conflicts of interest in other external business relationships. Generally, giving or receiving gifts, meals, or entertainment involving our external business relationships should meet all of the following criteria: 
 
 they do not violate applicable law or fail to comply with the Company policy; 

they do not constitute a bribe, kickback, or other improper payment; 

they have a valid business purpose; 

they are appropriate as to time, place, and value (modest; not lavish or extravagant); 

they are infrequent; and 

they do not influence or appear to influence the behavior of the recipient. 

Gifts of cash or marketable securities may not be given or accepted regardless of amount. 
 
 3. Dealing with Government Officials 

All dealings with government officials, including, but not limited to lobbying, political contributions to candidates, and meeting with government agencies, shall be in accordance with all applicable national, state, and local laws and regulations in each country in which the Company conducts business (and shall comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), as set forth below). No director, officer or employee shall offer or promise a payment or reward of any 
 
 5 

EXHIBIT 14.1 
 kind, directly or indirectly, to any federal, state, local, or foreign government official (i) for or because of an official act performed or to be performed by that official; or (ii) in order to secure preferential treatment for the Company or its employees. No director, officer or employee shall offer or promise any federal, state, local, or foreign government official gifts, entertainment, gratuities, meals, lodging, travel, or similar items that are designed to influence such officials. Further, because of the potential for misunderstanding, no director, officer or employee of the Company may confer gifts, special favors, gratuities, or benefits to such an official even if there is no matter pending before that official. The Company also strictly prohibits any director, officer or employee from making any payment or providing a thing of value if the person knows, or reasonably believes or suspects that any portion of the payment or thing of value will be offered, given or promised, directly or indirectly, to any government official. 
 
 It is our policy to cooperate fully with all legal and reasonable government investigations. Accordingly, the Company directors, officers and employees shall comply with any and all lawful requests from government investigators and, consistent with preserving the Company s legal rights, shall cooperate in lawful government inquiries. No director, officer or employee shall make a false or misleading written or oral statement to a government official with regard to any matter involving a government inquiry into the Company matters. 
 
 Employees shall contact the CFO when presented with any such government request or inquiry prior to responding to such inquiry. Employees with questions about contacts with government officials should seek guidance from senior management. Officers and directors should contact the CFO prior to responding to any such inquiries. 
 
 4. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

All employees must comply with the FCPA, which sets forth requirements for the Company s relationships with non-U.S. government representatives, which in many countries include individuals who would not be deemed government representatives in the U.S. (e.g., medical professionals and employees of educational institutions). It is important to note that these limitations apply with respect to a government representative at any level and not only with respect to senior or policy-making roles. As a U.S.-based company, the Company is required to adhere to all standards set forth in the FCPA regardless of the nationality or overseas location of the individual acting on behalf of the Company, whether an employee, officer or third party. 
 
 The FCPA requires that relations between U.S. businesses and foreign government representatives conform to the standards that exist in the United States, even if a different business ethic is prevalent in the other country. Accordingly, no employee or third-party person or enterprise acting on behalf of the Company, directly or indirectly, may offer a gift, payment or bribe, or anything else of value, whether directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, foreign political party or party official, or candidate for foreign political office for the purpose of influencing an official act or decision or seeking influence with a foreign government in order to obtain, retain, or direct business to the Company or to any person or to otherwise secure an improper advantage. In short, such activity cannot be used to improve the business environment for the Company in any way. Thus, even if such payment is customary and generally thought to be legal in the host country, it is forbidden by the FCPA and violates U.S. law, unless it is a reasonable and bona fide expenditure, 

6 

EXHIBIT 14.1 
 such as entertainment or travel and lodging expenses, that is directly related to (a) the promotion, demonstration, or explanation of products or services or (b) the execution or performance of a contract with a foreign government or government agency, and the payment was not made for an improper purpose. 
 
 As in the case under U.S. law, even inexpensive gifts to government or political party officials, such as tickets to sporting events, may constitute a violation of the FCPA. If questions arise with respect to expenses to be incurred on behalf of foreign officials, consult with the CFO before the Company pays or agrees to pay such expenses. 
 
 Some expediting payments are authorized under the FCPA. Such payments must be directly related to non-discretionary conduct by lower level bureaucrats and unrelated to efforts by a company to obtain significant concessions, permits, or approvals. Examples include processing of visas and work orders, mail delivery, or loading and unloading of cargo. Such payments do not include payments of any kind relating to terms of continuing or new business agreements. Consult with the CFO prior to making or authorizing any proposed expediting payment. 
 
 A violation of the FCPA can result in criminal and civil charges against the Company, its officers, its managers, and the individuals involved in the violation, regardless of the person s nationality or location. 
 
 5. Inside Information 

While at the Company, you may also come into contact with another form of information that requires special handling and discretion. Inside information is material, non-public information about the Company or another company that, if made public, would be reasonably expected to affect the price of a company s securities or investment decisions regarding the purchase or sale of such securities. Employees must never use inside information to obtain any type of personal advantage, and should not disclose inside information to any third parties without the prior approval of senior management. For further discussion on our policy with respect to inside information, please review our Insider Trading Policy, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 6. Company Disclosure Obligations 

The Company s business affairs are also subject to certain internal and external disclosure obligations and recordkeeping procedures. As a public company, we are committed to abiding by our disclosure obligations in a full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable manner. Only with reliable records and clear disclosure procedures can we make informed and responsible business decisions. When disclosing information to the public, it is our policy to provide consistent and accurate information. To maintain consistency and accuracy, specific company spokespersons are designated to respond to questions from the public. Only these individuals are authorized to release information to the public at appropriate times. All inquiries from the media or investors should be forwarded immediately to the CFO or Chief Executive Officer CEO ). The CFO or the CEO must approve all press releases, speeches, publications, or other official Company disclosures in advance. 
 
 Our internal control procedures are further regulated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the 
 
 7 

EXHIBIT 14.1 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). The Sarbanes-Oxley Act was a U.S. legislative response to events at public companies involving pervasive breakdowns in corporate ethics and internal controls over financial reporting. It was designed to rebuild confidence in the capital markets by ensuring that public companies are operated in a transparent and honest manner. Ensuring proper and effective internal controls is among the Company s highest priorities. 
 
 We take seriously the reliance our investors place on us to provide accurate and timely information about our business. In support of our disclosure obligations, it is our policy to always: 
 
 comply with generally accepted accounting principles; 

maintain a system of internal accounting and disclosure controls and procedures that provides management with reasonable assurances that transactions are properly recorded and that material information is made known to management; 

maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect transactions; and 

prohibit establishment of material undisclosed or unrecorded funds or assets. 

7. Environmental Matters 

The Company is committed to operating its business in a manner that protects the environment as much as possible, and is further committed to compliance with all applicable environmental laws, regulations, and industry best practices, such as those that affect hazardous waste disposal, emissions, and water purity. You are expected to be aware of environmental issues and to maintain compliance with all internal environmental policies. 
 
 8. Prohibition Against Discrimination; Equal Opportunity Employment 

The Company is committed to maintaining the highest integrity in our work environment. Our employees must comply with all applicable employment laws and our policies addressing workplace conduct. We base hiring, promotions, and performance management decisions on qualifications and job performance. The Company s policy is to treat each employee and job applicant without regard to race, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, ancestry, veteran status, or any other category protected by law. Employees must refrain from acts that are intended to cause, or that do cause, unlawful employment discrimination. The Company also accommodates qualified disabled employees and applicants consistent with applicable laws. 
 
 The Company prohibits harassment in the workplace, including but not limited to sexual harassment. Consistent with this policy, we will not tolerate harassment by any of our employees, customers, or other third parties. Harassment includes verbal or physical conduct which threatens, offends, or belittles any individual because of his or her gender, race, color, age, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, ancestry, veteran status, or any other category protected by law, as well as other acts such as micro-aggressions that creates a hostile work environment. Retaliation against an employee for alleging a complaint of harassment or discrimination or for participating in an investigation relating to such a complaint will also not be tolerated. Please refer to our Employee 

8 

EXHIBIT 14.1 
 Handbook, which is incorporated herein by reference, for more information, including procedures for reporting incidents of harassment to management. 
 
 9. Health and Safety 

The Company is committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for its employees, and all other individuals working on behalf of the Company. The Company also recognizes that the responsibilities for a safe and healthy work environment are shared with you. The Company will continue to establish and implement appropriate health and safety policies that managers and their employees are expected to uphold at all times. Employees are expected to conduct their work in a safe manner in compliance with all the Company policies, and report all safety or health concerns to your manager or Human Resources. 
 
 Part of providing a safe and healthy environment is the prohibition of illegal drugs or alcohol (except when alcohol is pre-approved for special Company-sponsored events) on the premises. Individuals who consume alcohol at such events do so at their own risk. In addition, you are expected to avoid excessive consumption of alcohol at any the Company-sponsored event, and will be asked to leave an event at which you are violating this requirement. You also may be subject to other disciplinary measures. 
 
 V. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS OF THIS CODE 

This Code applies to all the Company employees, officers, and directors. Please contact the CFO if you believe that a waiver under a provision of this Code is warranted. There shall be no substantive amendment or waiver of any provision of this Code except by a vote of the Board of Directors or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which will ascertain whether an amendment or waiver is appropriate and ensure that any amendment or waiver is accompanied by appropriate controls designed to protect the Company. In the case of non-officer employees or consultants of the Company, waivers may also be approved by the CEO. Any such waiver of a provision of this Code shall be evaluated to determine whether timely public disclosure of such waiver is required under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or applicable exchange listing standards. 
 
 The Company reserves the right to amend any provision of this Code at any time, subject to the requirements for approval set forth above. 
 
 This Code is not an employment contract. By issuing this Code, the Company has not created any contractual rights. 
 
 9 

</EX-14>

<EX-23>
 3
 revb-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-265329) of our report dated March 30, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 
 
 San Diego, CA 
 March 30, 2023 

1 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 revb-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, James Rolke, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Revelation Biosciences, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ James Rolke 

James Rolke 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 revb-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Chester S. Zygmont, III, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Revelation Biosciences, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Chester S. Zygmont, III 

Chester S. Zygmont, III 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 revb-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Revelation Biosciences, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ James Rolke 

James Rolke 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 revb-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 REVELATION BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Revelation Biosciences, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Chester S. Zygmont, III 

Chester S. Zygmont, III 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 8
 revb-ex99_1.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99 

EXHIBIT 99.1 

AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER 
 1. Members . The Board of Directors (the Board of Revelation Biosciences, Inc. (the Company will appoint an Audit Committee (the Committee of at least three members, consisting, subject to the transition rules and exceptions applicable to a company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ), entirely of independent directors, and designate one member as chairperson. Members of the Committee are appointed by the Board. For purposes hereof, an independent director is a director who meets the Nasdaq standards of independence for directors and Committee members, as determined by the Board. 

Each member of the Committee must be able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including the Company s balance sheet, income statement and statement of cash flows, as determined by the Board, and at least one member of the Committee must be an audit committee financial expert, as determined by the Board in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC Rules ). In addition, at least one member of the Committee must be financially sophisticated, as determined by the Board in accordance with Nasdaq listing standards, and no member of the Committee may have participated in the preparation of the financial statements of the Company or any current subsidiary of the Company at any time during the past three years. 
 2. Purpose, Duties, and Responsibilities . The purpose of the Committee, at a minimum, must be to: 

represent and act on behalf of the Board in discharging its oversight responsibility relating to: (a) the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company, including the audits of the Company s financial statements and the integrity of the financial statements; (b) the Company s compliance with ethical, legal and regulatory requirements; (c) the outside auditor s qualifications and independence and (d) the performance of the Company s internal audit function and outside auditor; and 

oversee the preparation of the report of the Committee required by the SEC Rules to be included in the Company s annual proxy statement. 

Among its specific duties and responsibilities, the Committee will: 
 (a)	 Be directly responsible, in its capacity as a committee of the Board, for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the outside auditor. In this regard, the Committee will appoint, retain, compensate, evaluate and terminate, when appropriate, the outside auditor, who will report directly to the Committee. 
 1 
 
 (b) At least annually, obtain and review a report by the outside auditor describing: (1) the outside auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review or peer review or by any inquiry or investigation by any governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years, relating to one or more independent audits carried out by the outside auditor, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues. 

(c) Approve in advance all audit and permissible non-audit services to be provided by the outside auditor and establish policies and procedures for the pre-approval of audit and permissible non-audit services to be provided by the outside auditor. 

(d) At least annually, consider the independence of the outside auditor, and, consistent with rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ), obtain and review a report by the outside auditor describing any relationships between the outside auditor and the Company or individuals in financial reporting oversight roles at the Company, that may reasonably be thought to bear on the outside auditor s independence and discuss with the outside auditor the potential effects of any such relationships on the independence of the outside auditor. 

(e) Review and discuss with the outside auditor the matters required to be discussed by the outside auditor under Auditing Standard No. 1301, as adopted by the PCAOB and amended from time to time, including any problems or difficulties the outside auditor encountered in the course of its audit work and management s response. 

(f) Meet to review and discuss with management and the outside auditor the annual audited and quarterly unaudited financial statements of the Company (including the Company s specific disclosures under the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections) and the independent auditor s reports related to the financial statements. 

(g) Recommend to the Board based on the review and discussion described in paragraphs (d) - (f) above, whether the annual audited financial statements should be included in the Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K. 

(h) Receive reports from the outside auditor and management regarding, and review and discuss the adequacy and effectiveness of, the Company s internal controls, including any significant deficiencies in internal controls and significant changes in internal controls reported to the Committee by the outside auditor or management. 

(i) Receive reports from management regarding, and review and discuss the adequacy and effectiveness of, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. 

(j) Review and discuss with the principal internal auditor of the Company: (1) the annual audit plan and the adequacy of the internal audit resources and (2) the results of the internal audit program. 

(k) Annually review and discuss the performance and effectiveness of the internal audit function. 

(l) Review and discuss earnings press releases and corporate practices with respect to earnings press releases and financial information and earnings guidance provided to analysts and ratings agencies. 

(m) Review and discuss the Company s practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management. 

(n) Oversee the Company s compliance program with respect to legal and regulatory requirements, including the Company s code(s) of conduct and policies and procedures for monitoring compliance; and, at least annually, meet to review the implementation and effectiveness of the Company s compliance program with the Chief Financial Officer, who shall have the authority to communicate directly to the Committee, promptly, about actual and alleged violations of law or the Company s code(s) of conduct, including any matters involving criminal or potential criminal conduct. 

(o) Establish and oversee procedures for handling reports of potential misconduct, including: (1) violations of law or the Company s code(s) of conduct; (2) complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing and federal securities law matters; and (3) the confidential, anonymous submission of concerns by employees regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing and federal securities law matters. 

(p) Establish and periodically review policies and procedures for the review, approval and ratification of related person transactions (as defined in applicable SEC Rules), review related person transactions, and oversee other related party transactions governed by applicable accounting standards. 

(q) Establish policies for the hiring of employees and former employees of the outside auditor. 

(r) Review and recommend to the Board for approval appropriate insurance coverage for the Company s directors and officers. 

(s) Annually evaluate the performance of the Committee and the adequacy of the Committee charter and recommend changes to the Board as appropriate. 

3. Subcommittees . The Committee may delegate its duties and responsibilities to one or more subcommittees as it determines appropriate. 

4. Outside Advisors . The Committee will have the authority to retain such outside counsel, accountants, experts and other advisors as it determines appropriate to assist it in the performance of its functions and will receive appropriate funding, as determined by the Committee, from the Company, for the payment of compensation to any such advisors and for the payment of ordinary administrative expenses that are necessary or appropriate in carrying out the Committee s duties. 

5. Meetings . The Committee will meet at least quarterly, at such times and places as the Committee or its chairperson determines. The Committee will meet separately in executive 

session, periodically, with management as well as the outside auditor and the general counsel. A majority of the members of the Committee constitutes a quorum. The Committee will report regularly to the Board with respect to its activities. 

Adopted by the Board on: _____________ 

</EX-99>

<EX-99>
 9
 revb-ex99_2.htm
 EX-99.2

EX-99 

EXHIBIT 99.2 

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE CHARTER 
 1.	 Members . The Board of Directors (the Board of Revelation Biosciences, Inc. (the Company will appoint a Compensation Committee (the Committee of at least two members, consisting, subject to the transition rules and exceptions applicable to a company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ), entirely of independent directors, and designates one member as chairperson. Members of the Committee are appointed by the Board. For purposes hereof, an independent director is a director who meets the Nasdaq standards of independence for directors and Committee members, as determined by the Board. 
 Additionally, members of the Committee must qualify as non-employee directors for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A subsequent determination that any member of the Committee does not qualify as a non-employee director will not invalidate any previous actions by the Committee except to the extent required by law or determined appropriate to satisfy regulatory standards. 
 2.	 Purpose, Duties, and Responsibilities . The purpose of the Committee is to assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to compensation of the Company s executive officers and directors. Among its specific duties and responsibilities, the Committee will: 
 (a) Oversee the Company s overall compensation philosophy, policies and programs, and assess whether the Company s compensation philosophy establishes appropriate incentives for management and employees. 

(b) Review and approve corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer CEO ), evaluate the CEO s performance in light of those goals and objectives, approve the grant of equity awards to the CEO and recommend to the Board the CEO s compensation level based on this evaluation. The CEO may not be present during voting or deliberations on his or her compensation. 

(c) Oversee the evaluation of other executive officers and non-executive employees at or above the level of Vice President, approve the grant of equity awards to other executive officers and set the compensation of other executive officers based upon the recommendation of the CEO. 

(d) Administer and make recommendations to the Board with respect to the Company s incentive compensation and equity-based compensation plans that are subject to the Board s approval. 

(e) Review and approve the design of other benefit plans pertaining to executive officers. 

(f) Approve, amend or modify the terms of other compensation and benefit plans as appropriate. 

(g) Review and recommend to the Board employment and severance arrangements for executive officers, including employment agreements and change-in-control provisions, plans or agreements. 

(h) Review and discuss with management the Company s Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD A and related disclosures to the extent that the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC Rules require they be included in the Company s annual report and proxy statement, recommend to the Board, based on its review and discussions, whether the CD A should be included in the annual report and proxy statement and oversee preparation of the Committee report to the extent required by the SEC Rules for inclusion in the Company s annual report and proxy statement. 

(i) Periodically review the form and amount of compensation paid to directors for their service on the Board and its committees and recommend changes in compensation to the Board as appropriate. 

(j) Oversee succession planning for positions held by executive officers, and review succession planning and management development at least annually with the Board, including recommendations and evaluations of potential successors to fill such positions. 

(k) Oversee the assessment of the risks related to the Company s compensation policies and programs applicable to officers and employees and review the results of this assessment. 

(l) At least annually, assess whether the work of compensation consultants involved in determining or recommending executive or director compensation has raised any conflict of interest that is required to be disclosed in the Company s annual report and proxy statement. 

(m) Annually evaluate the performance of the Committee and the adequacy of the Committee s charter and recommend changes to the Board as appropriate. 

3.	 Subcommittees . The Committee may delegate its duties and responsibilities to one or more subcommittees as it determines appropriate. 
 4.	 Outside advisers . The Committee will have the authority, in its sole discretion, to retain or obtain the advice of such consultants, outside counsel and other advisers as it determines appropriate to assist it in the full performance of its functions, including any compensation consultant used to assist in the evaluation of director or executive compensation. The Committee will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any consultants, outside counsel and other advisers retained by the Committee, and will receive appropriate funding, as determined by the Committee, from the Company, for the payment of compensation to any such advisers. The Committee will assess the independence of consultants, 
 2 
 
 outside counsel and other advisers (whether retained by the Committee or management) that provide advice to the Committee, prior to selecting or receiving advice from them, in accordance with Nasdaq listing standards. 
 5.	 Meetings . The Committee will meet as often as may be deemed necessary or appropriate, in its judgment, at such times and places as the Committee or its chairperson determines. A majority of the members of the Committee constitutes a quorum. The Committee will report regularly to the Board with respect to its activities. 
 
 Adopted by the Board on: ______________ 
 
 3 

</EX-99>

<EX-99>
 10
 revb-ex99_3.htm
 EX-99.3

EX-99 

EXHIBIT 99.3 

NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE CHARTER 
 1.	 Members . The Board of Directors (the Board of Revelation Biosciences, Inc. (the Company will appoint a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the Committee of at least two members, consisting, subject to the transition rules and exceptions applicable to a company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ), entirely of independent directors, and designates one member as chairperson. Members of the Committee are appointed by the Board. For purposes hereof, an independent director is a director who meets the Nasdaq standards of independence for directors, as determined by the Board. 
 2.	 Purpose, Duties and Responsibilities . The purpose of the Committee is to identify individuals qualified to become members of the Board (consistent with criteria approved by the Board), recommend director candidates to the Board and perform a leadership role in shaping the Company s corporate governance. Among its specific duties and responsibilities, the Committee will: 
 (a) Develop and recommend to the Board criteria for identifying and evaluating director candidates and periodically review these criteria and recommend changes to the Board as appropriate. 

(b) Annually evaluate the composition of the Board to assess whether the skills, experience, characteristics and other criteria established by the Board are currently represented on the Board as a whole and with respect to each individual director, and to assess the criteria that may be needed in the future. 

(c) Identify, review the qualifications of and recruit director candidates for election to the Board. 

(d) Assess the qualifications, contributions and independence of incumbent directors in determining whether to recommend them for reelection to the Board. 

(e) Discuss succession planning for the Board and key leadership roles on the Board and its committees. 

(f) Establish procedures for the consideration of director candidates recommended for the Committee s consideration by the Company s stockholders. 

(g) Recommend to the Board director candidates for election or reelection to the Board at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders. 

(h) Recommend to the Board director candidates to be elected by the Board as necessary to fill vacancies and newly created directorships. 

(i) Develop and recommend to the Board a set of corporate governance principles, annually review these principles and recommend changes to the Board as appropriate. 

(j) Periodically review the Board s leadership structure and recommend changes to the Board as appropriate. 

(k) Make recommendations to the Board concerning the size, structure, composition and functioning of the Board and its committees. 

(l) Oversee the orientation process for new directors and ongoing education for incumbent directors. 

(m) Oversee the evaluation of the Board and its committees. 

(n) Annually evaluate the performance of the Committee and the adequacy of the Committee s charter and recommend changes to the Board as appropriate. 

3.	 Subcommittees . The Committee may delegate its duties and responsibilities to one or more subcommittees as it determines appropriate. 
 4.	 Outside advisers . The Committee will have the authority to retain such outside counsel, experts and other advisers as it determines appropriate to assist it in the full performance of its functions, including any search firm used to identify director candidates, and will receive appropriate funding, as determined by the Committee, from the Company, for the payment of compensation to any such advisors and for the payment of ordinary administrative expenses that are necessary or appropriate in carrying out the Committee s duties. 
 5.	 Meetings . The Committee will meet as often as may be deemed necessary or appropriate, in its judgment, at such times and places as the Committee or its chairperson determines. A majority of the members of the Committee constitutes a quorum. The Committee will report regularly to the Board with respect to its activities. 
 
 Adopted by the Board on: _______________ 
 2 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 revb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 22
 revb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 revb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 24
 revb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 25
 revb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

