<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1641281_0000950170-23-010613.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12736791</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>572844</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1701724</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6068812</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1627991</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2485830</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-010613.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329161559
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-010613
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001641281
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				472804636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39988
		FILM NUMBER:		23775391

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 CHESAPEAKE DRIVE
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-665-9295

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 CHESAPEAKE DRIVE
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bolt Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150504

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-010613.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 bolt-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 
 
 n 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES N o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing sales price for such stock on June 30, 2022, as reported by The Nasdaq Global Select Market, was approximately million. The calculation of the aggregate market value of voting and non-voting stock excludes certain shares of the Registrant s common stock held by current executive officers, directors and stockholders that the Registrant has concluded are affiliates of the Registrant. Exclusion of such shares should not be construed to indicate that any such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the Registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the Registrant. 
 As of March 23, 2023, the Registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 
 Table o f Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

29 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

72 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

72 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

73 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

73 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

74 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 

74 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

75 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

87 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

88 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

114 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

114 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

115 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

115 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

116 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

116 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

116 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

116 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

116 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

117 

Item 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

119 

Signatures 

i 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding: 
 our expectations regarding the success of our development and commercialization strategy and our product candidates; 

our expectations regarding the operation of our product candidates, collaborations and related benefits; 

our beliefs regarding our industry; 

our beliefs regarding the success, cost and timing of our product candidate development and collaboration activities and current and future clinical trials and studies; 

our beliefs regarding the potential markets for our product candidates, collaborations and our and our collaborators ability to serve those markets; 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 

any impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or responses to the pandemic, on our business, collaborations, clinical trials or personnel; 

our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to complete further development and any commercialization of our product candidates; and 

regulatory developments in the United States (the U.S. and foreign countries, with respect to our product candidates. 

These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance and achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipates, believes, continue, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, should, will, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors . The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 
 We have common law trademark rights in the unregistered marks Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc., Boltbody, and the Bolt Biotherapeutics logo in certain jurisdictions. Solely for convenience, trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Annual Report appear without the and symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks and tradenames. 
 
 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 Below is a summary of material factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. Importantly, this summary does not address all the risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional discussion of the risks and uncertainties summarized in this risk factor summary, as well as other risks and uncertainties that we face, can be found under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 We have a limited operating history and have incurred significant losses since inception, and we anticipate that we may continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

We will need substantial funding to pursue our business objectives. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on terms favorable to us, we could be forced to delay, reduce or terminate our product development, other operations or commercialization efforts. 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights. 

We might not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards. 

We depend primarily on the success of our lead product candidate, BDC-1001, which is in clinical development and which has not completed a pivotal trial. If we do not obtain regulatory approval for and successfully commercialize our lead product candidate in one or more indications or we experience significant delays in doing so, or if we are unable to advance our other product candidates through preclinical and clinical development, obtain regulatory approval for and successfully commercialize our other product candidates in one or more indications, or we experience significant delays in doing so, we may never generate any revenue or become profitable. 

Our approach to the discovery and development of product candidates based on our Boltbody ISAC approach, and the BDC-3042 program based on Dectin-2 agonism, is unproven, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development, and we do not know whether we will be able to develop any products of commercial value, or if competing technological approaches will limit the commercial value of our product candidates or render our platform obsolete. 

We have never commercialized a product candidate and we may lack the necessary expertise, personnel and resources to successfully commercialize any of our products that receive regulatory approval on our own or together with collaborators. 

We do not have our own manufacturing capabilities and rely on third parties to produce clinical and commercial supplies of BDC-1001 and our other current and future product candidates. 

Enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the prices we may charge for such product candidates. 

If we are unable to obtain, maintain and protect sufficient patent and other intellectual property rights for our product candidates and technology, or if the scope of patent and other intellectual property rights obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. 

Our business, operations and clinical development plans and timelines and supply chain could be adversely affected by macroeconomic uncertainties, including those related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, on the manufacturing, clinical trial and other business activities performed by us or by third parties with whom we conduct business, including our CMOs, CROs, shippers and others. 

The trading price of the shares of our common stock may be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 P ART I 
 It em 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Our pipeline candidates are built on our deep expertise in myeloid biology and cancer drug development, uniting the targeting precision of antibodies with the power of the innate and adaptive immune system to reprogram the tumor microenvironment for a productive anti-cancer response. Our proprietary Boltbody ISAC (immune-stimulating antibody conjugate) platform technology combines tumor-targeting antibodies with immune-stimulating linker payloads to create productive anti-tumor immune responses. We believe this approach has the potential to create products that work with a patient s own immune system, resulting in anti-cancer efficacy with very good tolerability. Having explored hundreds of linker-payloads and dozens of different tumor targets, we know the importance of both the linker payload and the antibody and have developed a library of linker payloads we can use in our own development and in our collaborations. 
 Our first Boltbody ISAC is our BDC-1001 program, targeting a tumor antigen known as HER2. BDC-1001 recently completed a dose-escalation trial and is advancing into multiple Phase 2 clinical trials. Our expertise in myeloid cell biology also forms the foundation for additional, innovative immuno-oncology approaches that complement our Boltbody ISAC platform. A prime example is BDC-3042, our Dectin-2 agonist antibody program. BDC-3042 is being developed to repolarize critical cells in the tumor microenvironment known as tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) by targeting cell-surface receptors. Dectin-2 agonism results in these TAMs changing away from the M2 phenotype that suppresses immune responses and supports tumor growth to the tumor-destructive M1 phenotype. 
 Our Boltbody ISACs are delivered systemically but act locally through a highly targeted approach that triggers a localized anti-tumor immune cascade through a Three-Factor Authentication process. This process is designed to optimize safety and minimize adverse, non-tumor-targeted systemic immune stimulation as follows: 
 1. Tumor antigen recognition: Our selective and specific Boltbody ISACs bind specifically to the target antigen, recognizing tumors that express the target antigen. 

2. Antibody-dependent cellular phagocytosis (ADCP): Engagement of active Fc domains triggers myeloid-mediated phagocytosis of the Boltbody ISAC-bound tumor cell. This process directly kills antigen-expressing tumor cells and delivers tumor neoantigens to myeloid cells. 

3. TLR-mediated activation: Our proprietary TLR agonists are designed to be cell impermeable and are conjugated to antibodies with stable, non-cleavable linkers. Because TLR 7 and 8 receptors are intracellular, stimulation only occurs in myeloid cells that have phagocytosed the tumor cells that are coated with the Boltbody ISAC. The stimulated myeloid cells secrete cytokines to lower the activation threshold and chemokines to attract more immune cells into the tumor microenvironment. 

Myeloid cells engulf the Boltbody ISAC-bound tumor cells, become armed with tumor neoantigens, and migrate to the lymph nodes. At the lymph nodes, these myeloid cells mediate the activation and rapid expansion of tumor-reactive T cells to eliminate tumor cells, including those without the initial target antigen. As a result, the immune system determines which neoantigens are most important to eliminate the target tumors. We believe that this represents the development of systemic immunological memory with epitope spreading to neoantigens that will result in long-term anti-tumor responses. 
 The Boltbody ISAC platform has the following unique features that offer potential benefits for patients: 
 Ability to address difficult-to-treat solid tumors including those refractory to current treatments ; 

Designed to be well tolerated by avoiding unintended systemic immune stimulation ; 

Generation of immunological memory with epitope spreading to provide long-term anti-tumor responses and protect against recurrence; and 

Potential to help patients who have a defective adaptive immune response. 

3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our Pipeline 
 We are leveraging our myeloid biology expertise to build a robust pipeline of immuno-oncology product candidates, including multiple Boltbody ISACs and a unique agonist antibody that targets tumor-associated macrophages as shown in the figure below. In addition to these programs, we are exploring various well-known targets that have been traditionally difficult to drug and where our myeloid expertise and the Boltbody ISAC approach may unlock the potential of these promising antigens as viable cancer targets. We currently hold exclusive worldwide rights to all of our proprietary development programs. 

In this graphic, HER2 = human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; Previously treated with Enhertu ; Collaboration using Bristol-Myers Squibb s PD-1 inhibitor nivolumab; Collaboration using Roche s HER2 antagonist pertuzumab 
 Our lead product candidate, BDC-1001, is currently in clinical development for the treatment of patients with HER2-positive solid tumors, including breast, colorectal, endometrial, and gastroesophageal cancer. We have two clinical collaboration and supply agreements to study BDC-1001 in combinations, one with Bristol-Myers Squibb, or BMS, for nivolumab, a leading PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor, and one with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, or Roche, for pertuzumab, a HER2-targeting monoclonal antibody. HER2, or human epidermal growth factor receptor 2, is also known as ERBB2 and is expressed in a wide range of tumors beyond the four mentioned above. BDC-1001 is a Boltbody ISAC comprising the HER2-targeting biosimilar trastuzumab conjugated to one of our proprietary TLR7/8 agonists to maximize the potential anti-tumor response. Preliminary clinical data demonstrate that BDC-1001 is well tolerated at dose levels up to 20 mg/kg administered every week and leads to changes in key biomarkers in the tumor and plasma consistent with our proposed mechanism of action. Monotherapy activity has been seen in the form of partial responses and long-term disease stabilization across several different HER2-expressing tumors, and we have also seen partial responses and stable disease in combination with the PD-1 inhibitor nivolumab. We have completed BDC-1001 s dose-escalation study and selected a recommended Phase 2 dose, both in monotherapy and in combination with nivolumab. A Phase 2 study exploring efficacy in HER2-positive colorectal, endometrial, and gastroesophageal cancers, is expected to commence in 2023. This study is designed to explore combination with nivolumab only after demonstration of monotherapy activity. A second 2-arm Phase 2 study will compare BDC-1001 monotherapy to the combination of BDC-1001 and pertuzumab in HER2-positive breast cancer. 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our second program, BDC-3042, is an agonist antibody targeting Dectin-2, an innate immune receptor found on the surface of macrophages. Dectin-2 is selectively expressed in TAMs across a broad range of tumor types, including head and neck, non-small cell lung, ovarian, and triple-negative breast cancer, among others. We have demonstrated that stimulation with our agonist antibody has anti-tumor activity in mouse models. We have developed a lead agonist antibody that binds to Dectin-2 and activates human TAMs. Activated TAMs start to produce TNF , IL-6, IL-1 , and CCL3. We are completing Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, -enabling activities for BDC-3042 and we expect to commence a clinical trial later in 2023. 
 Our third program is a proprietary next-generation ISAC program against an undisclosed target. We expect to designate a clinical candidate by the end of 2023. 
 We entered into our first collaboration in March 2019 with Toray Industries, Inc., or Toray, to jointly develop and commercialize a Boltbody ISAC utilizing a Toray proprietary antibody. In May 2021, we entered into an oncology research and development collaboration with Genmab A/S, or Genmab, to evaluate Genmab antibodies and bispecific antibody engineering technologies in combination with our proprietary Boltbody ISAC technology platform, with the goal of discovering and developing next-generation bispecific ISACs for the treatment of cancer. In August 2021, we entered into an oncology research and development collaboration with Innovent Biologics, Inc., or Innovent, to leverage Innovent s proprietary therapeutic antibody portfolio and antibody discovery capability against undisclosed oncology targets in combination with our advanced ISAC technology and myeloid biology expertise to create new candidates for cancer treatments. We expect our collaborations with Toray, Genmab, and Innovent to add additional novel ISACs to our pipeline. 
 Our Corporate History and Team 
 Our company was founded in 2015 to develop and commercialize pioneering work from the Engleman Laboratory at Stanford University. We have assembled a highly qualified management team with broad experience in myeloid biology, and drug discovery and development to execute our mission. Our scientific founders and management team collectively have extensive experience in immunology, oncology drug development, and patient care. We are industry veterans with prior experience at companies such as Alder, Astellas, Jazz, Roche / Genentech, Sunesis and others. Together, our team has a proven track record in the discovery, development, and commercialization of numerous approved therapeutics such as Alecensa, Cytovene, Evenity, Gazyva, Herceptin, Kadcyla, Polivy, Perjeta, Rituxan, Tecentriq, Valcyte, Venclexta, and Vyepti while at other companies. 
 Strategy 
 Our goal is to become a leading immuno-oncology company, leveraging our myeloid biology expertise and proprietary Boltbody ISAC approach to discover, develop and commercialize transformative treatments to address key unmet medical needs in cancer. The key components of our strategy are to: 
 Leverage our Boltbody ISAC approach and myeloid expertise to develop our pipeline of immune-activating therapies. Our expertise in myeloid biology and immuno-oncology has led us to research various tumor antigens across solid tumors where significant unmet medical needs remain. Our expertise in medicinal chemistry and antibody engineering and our ability to modulate TLR linker-payloads allow us to optimize the therapeutic profile of our product candidates for any tumor antigen as part of our research and discovery efforts to produce durable anti-tumor responses. We believe that our approach is applicable to a broad spectrum of tumor-associated antigens expressed on cancers, including cancers that are refractory to existing therapies. 

Rapidly advance the development of our lead Boltbody ISAC product candidate, BDC-1001, for the treatment of patients with HER2-positive cancers. BDC-1001 is currently entering Phase 2 clinical trials for the treatment of patients with certain HER2-positive solid tumors. Based on promising preclinical and early clinical activity, we believe BDC-1001 has the potential to be effective both as a monotherapy and in combination with existing therapies for patients with HER2-positive solid tumors. While currently approved HER2-targeting agents are important and effective treatment options for some patients with HER2-positive solid tumors, many patients do not respond to these therapies, develop tumor progression after initial response or are not eligible for current HER2-targeting therapies. These sizable patient populations do not have adequate treatment options. Therefore, we intend to rapidly advance development of BDC-1001 across multiple HER2-positive cancers, including in breast, colorectal, endometrial, and gastroesophageal cancers. 

5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Expeditiously advance our pipeline focused on Dectin-2, another promising target. Our pipeline includes BDC-3042, an antibody targeting Dectin-2, which represents ab additional opportunity to demonstrate our expertise in myeloid biology. BDC-3042 targets macrophages in the tumor microenvironment to initiate robust innate and adaptive immune responses. We believe that this differentiated approach could improve the lives of patients by producing durable anti-tumor responses. We expect BDC-3042 to enter the clinic in 2023. 

Continue to invest in our myeloid expertise and Boltbody ISAC approach to explore the full potential of our targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Our expertise, rigor, and unbiased data-driven approach may lead to additional research and discovery programs that are complementary or independent of our Boltbody ISAC approach and our growing library of innate immune stimulators. 

Selectively enter into collaborations to expand and enhance our proprietary Boltbody ISAC approach and myeloid expertise and increase the impact of our product candidates. In order to advance treatment options for patients, we may selectively collaborate with other companies with complementary technology or resources that could maximize the value of our product candidates and expand our pipeline. Such collaborations may provide us with novel technologies, targets, agents or approaches that complement our myeloid expertise and innovative Boltbody ISAC approach to improve the lives of patients with cancer. Collaborations can also provide significant funding for our research activities. Our collaborations with Genmab, Innovent, and Toray are all examples of this approach. 

BDC-1001 
 Overview 
 Our lead product candidate, BDC-1001, is currently in clinical development for the treatment of patients with HER2-positive solid tumors. BDC-1001 provides a compelling example of the potential of Boltbody ISACs to address unmet medical needs in solid tumors. BDC-1001 is delivered systemically and acts locally by targeting HER2-expressing tumors and related metastatic disease, triggering their destruction by the innate and adaptive immune systems. BDC-1001 consists of a biosimilar of the humanized monoclonal antibody trastuzumab that is chemically conjugated to one of our proprietary TLR7/8 agonists via a non-cleavable linker. 
 Preclinical Data 
 We have conducted extensive in vitro and in vivo experiments over the course of developing BDC-1001. Detailed results can be reviewed in our posters and publications, including Ackerman SE, et al. Nature Cancer. 2021; 2:18-33. Key findings from our preclinical studies include: 
 An intact, active Boltbody ISAC targeting an antigen on tumors is required for full effect. If any component of three-factor authentication is missing or if the ISAC components are administered together without conjugation, it will not work. This includes several models where a HER2 antibody alone does not work, but a HER2 ISAC does. 

Using a cell impermeable linker-payload conjugated with a stable, non-cleavable linker minimizes safety concerns. 

Changes in biomarker activity are concentrated in the tumor, with levels of cytokines and chemokines in the tumor generally ranging from 3-10 times the levels seen in the plasma. 

An increase in proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines, and an increase in immune cell infiltrate into the tumor, starts to be seen prior to anti-tumor activity. 

Optimal activity requires an average trough serum concentration (C min of approximately 10-20 g/ml across various models, corresponding to a receptor occupancy of greater than 60 . 

Once established, the BDC-1001 anti-tumor response will reject rechallenge from the same tumor cell line, even when the HER2 target antigen is no longer present. This demonstrates epitope spreading and durable immune protection. 

Combining the HER2-targeting antibody pertuzumab with BDC-1001 improves efficacy in three ways: 

o Enhances the anti-tumor activity of BDC-1001. 

o Enables BDC-1001 anti-tumor activity at lower doses. 

o Produces anti-tumor activity against tumors with lower HER expression. 

6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Overview of HER2 Indications and Treatment Paradigms 
 HER2 is a proto-oncogene that encodes a transmembrane protein involved in signal transduction pathways that promote cell growth and differentiation. HER2 protein overexpression and gene amplification have been documented across multiple cancers, including breast, gastric, bladder, lung, esophageal, colorectal, endometrial, ovarian, salivary gland, pancreatic, cervical, and other cancers. Prevalence of HER2-overexpressing or -amplified tumors varies across indications. Targeting HER2 with antibodies and small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors in combination with chemotherapy has had a major impact on patients with HER2-positive breast and gastric cancer, but there remains a significant unmet medical need on an individual and global patient basis. Our BDC-1001 program seeks to improve therapeutic outcomes for patients with HER2-positive tumors starting with four tumor types: 1) HER2-positive breast cancer refractory to Enhertu, 2) HER2-positive gastroesophageal cancer refractory to existing anti-HER2 therapies, 3) HER2-positive colorectal cancer refractory to existing anti-HER2 therapies, and 4) HER2-positive endometrial cancer refractory to approved therapies. In addition, we have interest in potentially exploring other tumor types, such as cases with HER2-low expression, in both monotherapy and various combination strategies. Our plans also envision trials in earlier stages of cancer, such as the neoadjuvant, post-neoadjuvant, and adjuvant settings. 
 HER2-targeting agents have been approved for patients with HER2-positive breast, gastric, and colorectal cancers, with HER2-positivity based on protein overexpression or gene amplification. Trastuzumab and fam-trastuzumab-deruxtecan-nxki are approved for both HER2-positive breast and gastric cancer; tucatinib is approved for HER2-positive breast and colorectal cancer. Additional approved HER2-targeting agents for HER2-positive breast cancer include the following: pertuzumab, trastuzumab emtansine, trastuzumab-hyaluronidase-oysk, lapatinib, neratinib, margetuximab, and tucatinib. There are no approved HER2 therapies for HER2-positive endometrial cancer. 
 According to Globe Life Sciences research, the 2022 annual incidence of patients with breast cancer in the United States and in France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK (formerly known as the EU5 was estimated to be approximately 589,560 patients in the aggregate. Of these, approximately 93,530 patients had tumors that were HER2-positive. In addition, the 2022 annual incidence of patients with colorectal cancer, endometrial cancer and gastroesophageal cancer was estimated to be 408,209, 106,188 and 74,875, respectively. Of these, approximately 14,696, 37,166 and 17,670 patients, respectively, had tumors that were HER2-positive. 
 Clinical Development Overview 
 We are currently conducting a four-part, Phase 1/2 multiple ascending dose and dose-expansion trial of BDC-1001 administered as a single agent or in combination with nivolumab, a PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor. We have completed Part 1, the monotherapy dose-escalation, and Part 2, the nivolumab combination dose-escalation. This trial is evaluating safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and preliminary anti-tumor activity in patients with HER2-expressing solid tumors. All patients in our study have metastatic disease and disease progression after multiple prior therapies. We are now proceeding with Part 3, a monotherapy Phase 2 to evaluate safety and anti-tumor activity in HER2-positive colorectal, endometrial, and gastroesophageal tumors. 
 Monotherapy 
 Part 1: Monotherapy dose-escalation to evaluate safety and determine a recommended Phase 2 dose, or RP2D. 

Part 3: Monotherapy dose expansion to evaluate safety and preliminary responses in HER2-positive colorectal, endometrial, and gastroesophageal tumors. 

Combination with Checkpoint Inhibitor 
 Part 2: Combination dose-escalation with nivolumab (PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor) to evaluate safety and determine the RP2D of BDC-1001 in combination with nivolumab. 

Part 4: Combination therapy with nivolumab to evaluate safety and preliminary responses in predefined tumor types. Part 4 will proceed only after demonstrating anti-tumor activity in Part 3. 

We are also initiating a two-cohort Phase 2 trial evaluating BDC-1001 administered as a single agent or in combination with pertuzumab, a HER2-targeting monoclonal antibody. This trial will evaluate safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and anti-tumor activity in patients with HER2-positive breast cancer. All patients in this study must have disease progression after treatment with Enhertu. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Preliminary Results 
 We presented topline results from the dose escalation in March 2023, and plan to present data at an upcoming medical meeting. BDC-1001 was well tolerated at all doses tested, through the highest dose of 20 mg/kg weekly, and produced anti-tumor activity, including multiple partial responses, across a diverse set of solid tumor types. The dose-escalation trial enrolled more than 100 patients with 16 different types of HER2-expressing solid tumors. All patients enrolled in the study had evidence of tumor progression after standard of care, and a majority of the patients were heavily pre-treated. We saw promising signs of clinical activity as a single agent and in combination with nivolumab. We have selected a RP2D and are proceeding with Phase 2 clinical trials. 
 Our prior interim data update was made at the ESMO Immuno-oncology Congress in December 2021. As of October 6, 2021, we had enrolled 57 subjects across nine cohorts at escalating levels of drug exposure, through 12 mg/kg administered every two weeks. The 57 subjects had a median of four prior anti-cancer treatments, with 79 having received a prior anti-HER2 therapy. We hda seen more than a dozen different HER2-expressing tumor types in the trial, and clinical activity has been observed in 8 different tumor types. The initial drug half-life for BDC-1001 was approximately 3.5 days. This implied the need for administration every two weeks or every week to achieve the targeted drug concentration, so we expanded the trial to include a total of 18 different dose cohorts, dosing as high as 20 mg/kg weekly. Elevations in pharmacodynamic markers such as plasma cytokines and chemokines were observed, including increases in plasma levels of IP-10, MIP1 , TNF and IL-6, and some paired tumor biopsies displayed an increase in immune cell infiltration after BDC-1001 administration. Early signs of clinical disease control with BDC-1001 included stable disease or a partial response in 13 out of 40 evaluable subjects. 
 BDC-3042 
 In addition to the Boltbody ISAC platform, our expertise in myeloid biology and immuno-oncology led us to discover Dectin-2 as a novel target expressed by tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs). We have demonstrated that agonism of Dectin-2 with the natural ligand mediates tumor regression in syngeneic mouse models, and that this effect disappears when Dectin-2 is blocked. Dectin-2 agonism causes TAMs to increase production of cytokines and chemokines such as TNF , IL-6, IL-1 , and CCL3. 
 Dectin-2 is selectively expressed in TAMs across a broad range of tumor types, including head and neck, non-small cell lung, ovarian, and triple-negative breast cancer, among others. Most of these TAMs belong to the immunosuppressive phenotype known as M2 macrophages, and agonism of Dectin-2 mediates pro-inflammatory cytokine production, enhanced phagocytosis, and antigen processing and presentation. A Dectin-2 agonist antibody has the potential to convert an M2 TAM into a tumor-destructive M1 macrophage to elicit a productive anti-tumor immune response. Anti-PD-1 therapy has been shown to differentially upregulate expression of Dectin-2 within tumors, which provides an interesting rationale for exploring this combination. 
 We discovered a number of potent agonist antibodies targeting Dectin-2 and lead optimization resulted in a lead candidate with an engineered Fc domain which we are developing. Our preclinical work has demonstrated that this antibody can potently activate human macrophages, eliciting production of proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines including TNF , IL-6, IL-1 , and CCL3. In ex-vivo experiments, we also demonstrated induction of significant cytokines and chemokines from primary human tumor samples which included a mix of tumor cells and immune cell infiltrate. We have also demonstrated that stimulation with our agonist antibody has better anti-tumor activity than pembrolizumab in humanized mice bearing MDA-MB-231 tumors, which endogenously express PD-L1. 
 We are currently completing IND-enabling activities and we expect to submit an IND and initiate clinical development in 2023. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Collaboration Agreements 
 Joint Development and License Agreement with Toray Industries 
 In March 2019, we entered into a Joint Development and License Agreement, or the Toray Agreement, with Toray, to develop and commercialize a Boltbody ISAC containing a proprietary antibody owned by Toray. Under the Toray Agreement, we exchanged co-exclusive (with each other) licenses to certain patents and know-how covering our respective technologies. Each party is required to use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct development and regulatory activities assigned to it under a development plan. Toray will be solely responsible for both parties development costs up to the conclusion of the first Phase 1 clinical trial and Toray is entitled to reimbursement for 50 of such development costs from our share of revenues collected from the sale or licensing of collaboration products. After the conclusion of the first Phase 1 clinical trial, the parties will share equally all costs of development activities necessary for obtaining regulatory approval of collaboration products in the indications in the territories covered under the agreement, unless either party elects to opt out of its co-funding obligations or reduce them by half, which election can be on a region-by-region basis. The research plan and program development continues to be reevaluated by both parties and the outcome of this reevaluation may impact the scope and timing of the collaboration. 
 Oncology Research and Development Collaboration with Genmab A/S 
 In May 2021, we entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement, or the Genmab Agreement, with Genmab. Together, the companies will evaluate Genmab antibodies and bispecific antibody technologies in combination with our Boltbody ISAC technology platform, with the goal of discovering and developing next-generation bispecific ISACs for the treatment of cancer. Under this research collaboration, the companies will evaluate multiple bispecific ISAC concepts to identify up to three clinical candidates for development. Genmab will fund the research, along with the preclinical and clinical development of these candidates through initial clinical proof of concept. Under the Genmab Agreement, we received an upfront payment of 10.0 million and an equity investment of 15.0 million under a separate stock purchase agreement. Under the Genmab Agreement, we will be compensated for research and development services at the agreed upon full-time employee rate and third-party costs through initial clinical proof of concept of the therapeutic candidates, after which both parties can exercise their respective program opt-in rights. With respect to each candidate for which a party has exercised its program opt-in rights and has exclusive global rights, the other party is eligible to receive potential development and sales-based milestone payments and tiered royalties. Bolt is eligible to receive total potential milestone payments of up to 285.0 million per therapeutic candidate exclusively developed and commercialized by Genmab, along with tiered royalties. 
 Oncology Research and Development Collaboration with Innovent Biologics, Inc. 
 In August 2021, we entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement, or the Innovent Agreement, with Innovent. Together, the companies will leverage Innovent s proprietary therapeutic antibody portfolio and antibody discovery capability against undisclosed oncology targets in combination with our Boltbody ISAC technology and myeloid biology expertise to create up to three new candidates for cancer treatments. Innovent will fund the initial research, along with the preclinical and clinical development of these candidates through initial clinical proof of concept. Under the Innovent Agreement, we received an upfront payment of 5.0 million. Under the Innovent Agreement, we will be compensated for research and development services at the agreed upon full-time employee rate and third-party costs through initial clinical proof of concept of the therapeutic candidates, after which both parties can exercise their respective license rights. The Innovent Agreement includes license options exercisable by each party to exclusively develop, manufacture and commercialize each candidate in a specific territory. With respect to each candidate for which a party has exercised its license option, the other party is eligible to receive a license option exercise fee, potential development and sales-based milestone payments and tiered royalties. 
 Oncology Clinical Trial Collaboration and Supply Agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb 
 In September 2021, we entered into a clinical collaboration and supply agreement, or the BMS Agreement, with BMS to study BDC-1001 in combination with BMS s PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor nivolumab, for the treatment of HER2-expressing solid tumors. Under the BMS Agreement, BMS granted us a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license (with a right to sublicense) under its intellectual property to use nivolumab in a clinical trial for a combination therapy of nivolumab and our proprietary compound, BDC-1001, and has agreed to supply nivolumab at no cost to us and we will sponsor, fund and conduct the initial Phase 1/2 clinical trial in accordance with an agreed-upon protocol. Both parties will own the study data produced in the clinical trial, other than study data related solely to nivolumab, which will belong solely to BMS, or study data related solely to BDC-1001, which will belong solely to us. The parties may conduct additional clinical trials on 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the combined therapy which may be sponsored and funded by one party, or jointly funded. We initiated the clinical trial evaluating the combination of nivolumab and BDC-1001 in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Clinical Supply Agreement with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 
 In September 2022, we entered into a clinical supply agreement, or the Roche Agreement, with Roche to study BDC-1001 in combination with Roche s pertuzumab (Perjeta ), a compound approved for the treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer. Under the Roche Agreement, Roche granted us a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, royalty-free license under its intellectual property to use pertuzumab in a clinical trial for a combination therapy of pertuzumab and our proprietary compound, BDC-1001, and has agreed to supply pertuzumab at no cost to us and we will sponsor, fund and conduct the initial Phase 2 clinical trial in accordance with an agreed-upon protocol. Both parties will own the study data produced in the clinical trial, other than study data related solely to pertuzumab, which will belong solely to Roche, or study data related solely to BDC-1001, which will belong solely to us. The parties may conduct additional clinical trials on the combined therapy which may be sponsored and funded by one party, or jointly funded. We expect to initiate the clinical trial evaluating the combination of pertuzumab and BDC-1001 in 2023. 
 License Agreements 
 License Agreements with Stanford University 
 In May 2015 and June 2018, we entered into license agreements, or the Stanford Agreement, as amended, with The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University, or Stanford. The Stanford Agreement provides us exclusive licenses to certain patents related to our proprietary Boltbody ISAC technology and related to Dectin-2, to develop, manufacture, and commercialize licensed products incorporating such technology. Stanford retained the right under the Stanford Agreement, on behalf of itself and certain of its affiliates, and all other non-profit research institutions, to practice the licensed patents for any non-profit purpose, including sponsored research and collaborations, but excluding delivery of paid or reimbursed healthcare. However, Stanford retained the right to practice the licensed patents for the delivery of its own paid or reimbursed healthcare. The licensed patents related to Dectin-2 are additionally subject to a nonexclusive, worldwide license held by the Howard Hughes Medical Institute to exercise such intellectual property rights for research purposes, with the right to sublicense to non-profit and governmental entities. 
 The technology claimed by some of the patents licensed under both Stanford Agreements was developed using U.S. government funding and those licenses are therefore subject to a nonexclusive license held by the U.S. government, certain requirements that licensed products be manufactured in the United States (unless waived according to U.S. government process) and U.S. government march-in rights. For more information on risks related to technology developed using government funding see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 Under each Stanford Agreement, we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products and we are also required to achieve certain development and/or regulatory milestones by certain dates, which can be extended a limited number of times upon the payment of a nominal fee. The Stanford Agreements continue until terminated. We may terminate either of the Stanford Agreements at any time for any reason by providing at least 30 days written notice to Stanford. Stanford may terminate either of the Stanford Agreements if we breach certain provisions of such Stanford Agreement, including the payment and development and/or regulatory milestone obligations, and fail to remedy such breach within 60 days after written notice of such breach by Stanford. 
 Manufacturing 
 We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. We rely on third-party CMOs for production and testing of our clinical material, including the linker-payloads and antibodies used to make our Boltbody ISACs, and we expect to continue to do so to meet our toxicology, clinical, and commercial activities. We believe there are multiple sources for all of the materials required for the manufacture of our product candidates. 
 Manufacturing Agreement with Piramal 
 In June 2018, we entered into a master services agreement with Piramal pursuant to which Piramal provides development and cGMP manufacturing services to us on a non-exclusive basis, with initial statements of work covering our BDC-1001 drug substance and drug product. The agreement has an initial term of five years and will continue for consecutive one-year renewal terms unless terminated by either party upon written notice to the other party prior to the end of the then current term. We may terminate the agreement or any statement of work upon prior written notice to Piramal and may be required to 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 pay cancellation fees if we cancel scheduled cGMP manufacturing slots without sufficient advance notice prior to the planned start date. In addition, either party may terminate the agreement for the other party s uncured material breach. 
 Supply Agreement with EirGenix 
 In January 2022, we entered into an amended and restated supply agreement with EirGenix, Inc., or the Amended Supply Agreement, which amends the original supply agreement with EirGenix, Inc., or EirGenix, dated March 10, 2019, pursuant to which EirGenix agreed to supply to us, on a non-exclusive basis, bulk drug substance of EG12014, its monoclonal antibody being developed as a biosimilar of trastuzumab, which we use in the manufacture of BDC-1001. In addition, EirGenix provides us access to its regulatory data package and services to facilitate our development and commercialization efforts and we are required to make milestone payments to EirGenix up to an aggregate of 2.0 million based upon achievement of certain BDC-1001 regulatory milestones and pay for services based upon time and materials. The agreement will remain in effect as long as we, or any of our affiliates or licensees, continue to pursue the development or commercialization of any HER2 Boltbody ISAC, unless earlier terminated. We may terminate the agreement if EirGenix fails to supply sufficient quantities of EG12014 or if EirGenix does not obtain regulatory approval for EG12014 as a standalone biosimilar product. We may also terminate the EirGenix Agreement upon prior written notice to EirGenix. EirGenix may terminate the agreement if we do not actively develop a HER2 Boltbody ISAC for more than two years. In addition, either party may terminate the agreement for the other party s uncured material breach or insolvency. 
 Competition 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including the immuno-oncology subsector, are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, fierce competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary drugs and defense of intellectual property. We face potential competition from many sources, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, public and private research institutions, and governmental agencies. Any drug candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing treatments and new treatments that are in development and may become available in the future. 
 Oncology therapeutics on the market and in development range from traditional cancer therapies, including chemotherapy, to new therapies that harness the body s own immune system to fight cancer. A significant part of the immune response to cancer involves myeloid cells, including macrophages, dendritic cells, neutrophils, monocytes and granulocytes, all of which dynamically regulate tumor growth and progression. There are several therapies targeting myeloid cells on the market or in development. We view companies developing ISACs, especially ISACs with TLR7 agonist, TLR8 agonist or dual TLR7/8 agonist payloads, as the closest competitors for our lead program, BDC-1001. Currently the only other ISAC in active clinical development is Mersana Therapeutics XMT-2056, which uses a STING agonist payload. In January 2023, Mersana s XMT-2056 started a Phase 1 trial in subjects with HER2-expressing breast, gastric, colorectal and non-small-cell lung cancers, and the trial was placed on clinical hold in March 2023. We do not consider any company developing unconjugated TLR agonists or unconjugated STING agonists to be direct competitors given that our Boltbody ISAC approach has demonstrated greater effectiveness with differentiated biology and a favorable safety profile as compared to unconjugated TLR or STING agonists that are typically administered intratumorally or have significant toxicities when administered systemically. 
 We are initially developing BDC-1001 for the treatment of HER2-positive cancers. HER2 is a well-known and validated oncology target and there are marketed therapies and others in development addressing this target. Marketed therapies include Roche s Herceptin, Perjeta, Kadcyla and Phesgo (fixed-dose combination of Herceptin/Perjeta), Novartis Tykerb, Puma Biotechnology s Nerlynx, Seagen s Tukysa, MacroGenics Margenza, as well as Daiichi Sankyo and AstraZeneca s Enhertu. We are aware of several therapies in development for patients with HER2-positive tumors including Jazz Pharmaceuticals and Zymework s zanidatamab and Zymework s ZW49, Seagen and RemeGen s disitamab vedotin, Byondis trastuzumab duocarmazine (also known as SYD985) Merus MCLA-128, and Ambrx s ARX788. 
 Many of our potential competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical, and clinical development, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved drugs than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites, and enrolling subjects for our clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our success is contingent in part upon the successful development and commercialization of BDC-1001 and our other pipeline candidates that prove to be more effective or safer than competing products in our target indications. We could see a reduction or elimination of our commercial opportunity if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than BDC-1001 or any other drug that we may develop. Our competitors also may be more successful than us in obtaining U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, or other regulatory approvals for their drugs more rapidly than we may obtain approval for BDC-1001 or our other drugs, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain, maintain and protect intellectual property and other proprietary rights for our current and future product candidates, and our Boltbody ISAC approach through a variety of methods, including seeking and maintaining patents intended to cover our Boltbody ISAC approach, our products and compositions, their methods of use and processes for their manufacture and any other inventions that are commercially important to the development of our business, novel discoveries, product development technologies and know-how, to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property and proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing, misappropriating or violating our intellectual property and proprietary rights. We also rely on trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and confidential information to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 
 Regardless of the coverage we seek under our existing patent applications, there is always a risk that an alteration to the product or process may provide sufficient basis for a competitor to avoid infringement claims. In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before a patent is issued and courts can reinterpret patent scope after issuance. Moreover, many jurisdictions, including the United States, permit third parties to challenge issued patents in administrative proceedings, which may result in further narrowing or even cancellation of patent claims. Furthermore, we cannot provide any assurance that any patents will be issued from our pending or any future applications or that any current or future issued patents will adequately protect our intellectual property. For this and other risks related to our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements, Boltbody ISAC approach and product candidates, please see the section entitled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have three issued U.S. patents that we co-own with Stanford and for which Stanford has exclusively licensed their rights to us under the 2015 Stanford Agreement. The issued U.S. patents contain claims to our lead product candidate BDC-1001 and will expire between 2037 and 2040. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we own, co-own with Stanford or exclusively license from Stanford approximately 192 pending patent applications in various countries (29 of which are pending in the U.S., and ten of which are Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT applications that have yet to enter the national phase in the U.S.). 
 We have 21 pending patent applications, including three pending U.S. nonprovisional patent applications and 18 pending foreign patent applications, which contain claims to our lead product candidate BDC-1001 and which we co-own with Stanford and for which Stanford has exclusively licensed its rights to us under the 2015 Stanford Agreement. These pending patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire between 2037 and 2040, excluding any extension of patent term that may be available. We also have seven pending patent applications, including one pending U.S. nonprovisional patent application, one pending U.S. provisional application, and five pending foreign patent applications, which we solely own, directed to the clinical use of our lead product candidate BDC-1001, as well as one pending European patent application, which we solely own, directed to a method of preparing immunoconjugates, which could be utilized to prepare our lead product candidate BDC-1001 or other Boltbody ISACs. These pending patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire between 2038 and 2043, excluding any extension of patent term that may be available. 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, we have 163 pending patent applications directed to potential products and methods other than our lead product candidate BDC-1001 and the use thereof, including 139 pending patent applications that are solely owned by us, 17 pending patent applications that we co-own with Stanford and have exclusively licensed under the 2015 Stanford Agreement, one pending patent application that is solely owned by Stanford and that we have exclusively licensed under the 2015 Stanford Agreement, five pending patent applications that are solely owned by Stanford and that we have exclusively licensed under the 2018 Stanford Agreement, and one pending patent application that is co-owned with Innovent. Of these 163 pending patent applications, five are U.S. provisional patent applications, 11 are PCT applications that have yet to enter the national phase in one or more countries, 20 are U.S. nonprovisional patent applications, and 127 are foreign patent applications. These pending patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire between 2035 and 2043 excluding any extension of patent term that may be available. 
 The patents and patent applications licensed from Stanford are subject to retained rights by Stanford to allow academic and non-profit research institutions to practice the licensed technology and patents for non-commercial purposes. The patents and patent applications licensed from Stanford pursuant to the 2018 Stanford Agreement are additionally subject to a non-exclusive, worldwide license held by the Howard Hughes Medical Institute to exercise such intellectual property rights for research purposes, with the right to sublicense to non-profit and governmental entities. For more information regarding our license agreements with Stanford, please see License and Collaboration Agreements. 
 Some of our pending patent applications in the United States are provisional patent applications. Provisional patent applications are not eligible to become issued patents until, among other things, we file a non-provisional patent application within 12 months of filing of one or more of our related provisional patent applications. If we do not timely file any non-provisional patent applications, we may lose our priority date with respect to our provisional patent applications and any patent protection on the inventions disclosed in our provisional patent applications. While we intend to timely file non-provisional patent applications relating to our provisional patent applications, we cannot predict whether any such patent applications will result in the issuance of patents that provide us with any competitive advantage. 
 The terms of individual issued patents extend for varying periods depending on the date of filing of the patent applications or the dates of patent issuance and the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. Generally, utility patents issued for applications filed in the United States are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest effective filing date of a non-provisional patent application, assuming the patent has not been terminally disclaimed over a commonly owned patent or a patent naming a common inventor, or over a patent not commonly owned but that was disqualified as prior art as the result of activities undertaken within the scope of a joint research agreement. The life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is therefore limited and once our issued patents have expired, we may face competition, including from other competing technologies. In addition, in certain instances, the term of a U.S. patent can be extended to recapture a portion of the delay by the USPTO in issuing the patent as well as a portion of the term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period. However, as to the FDA component, the restoration period cannot be longer than five years, the total patent term including the restoration period must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval, only one patent applicable to each regulatory review period may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug or a method for using it may be extended. We may not receive an extension if we fail to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. 
 Moreover, the length of the extension could be less than we request. There can be no assurance that we will benefit from any patent term extension or favorable adjustment to the term of any of our patents. The duration of foreign patents varies in accordance with provisions of applicable local law, but typically is also 20 years from the earliest effective filing date. The actual protection afforded by a patent may vary on a product-by-product basis and from country to country and can depend upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Furthermore, we rely upon trade secrets and know-how, confidential information, unpatented technologies, continuing technological innovation and other proprietary information to develop, protect and maintain our competitive position and aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not presently consider appropriate for, patent protection and prevent competitors from reverse engineering or copying our technologies. However, the foregoing rights, technologies and information are difficult to protect. We seek to protect them by, in part, using confidentiality agreements with our employees and consultants and any potential commercial partners and collaborators and invention assignment agreements with our employees. We also have implemented or intend to implement confidentiality agreements or invention assignment agreements with our selected consultants and any potential commercial partners. These agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of the invention assignment agreements, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a relationship with a third party. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. There can be no assurance that these agreements will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other intellectual property or proprietary information. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our commercial partners, collaborators, employees and consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual or proprietary rights of third parties. The issuance of third-party patents could require us to alter our development or commercial strategies, change our products or processes, obtain licenses to additional third-party patents or other intellectual property or cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements or failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights that we may require to develop or commercialize our future products may have an adverse impact on us. Given that patent applications in the United States and certain other jurisdictions are maintained in secrecy for 18 months or potentially longer and the publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature often lags actual discoveries, we cannot be certain of the patent protection being sought by third parties and/or the priority of inventions covered by such patent applications. Moreover, we may have to participate in interference, revocation, derivation, re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, or opposition proceedings brought by third parties or declared by the USPTO or an equivalent foreign body. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property for additional information regarding these and other risks related to our intellectual property portfolio and their potential effect on us. 
 Government Regulation 
 Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state, and local level and in other countries and jurisdictions, including the European Union, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing, and export and import of drug and biological products, such as our investigational medicines and any future investigational medicines. Generally, before a new drug or biologic can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific for each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. 
 Regulatory Approval in the United States and European Union 
 In the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and other federal and state statutes and regulations. These regulations govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and import and export of pharmaceutical products, including biological products such as our Boltbody ISAC product candidates. Our Boltbody ISACs and monoclonal antibodies are subject to approval for marketing via a Biologics License Application, or BLA. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as clinical hold, FDA refusal to approve pending BLAs, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties, and criminal prosecution. 
 Our investigational medicines and any future investigational medicines must be approved by the FDA before they may be legally marketed in the United States. The process generally involves the following: 
 completion of extensive preclinical laboratory and animal studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies conducted in accordance with Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP, requirements; 

submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 approval by an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each clinical trial may be commenced; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication; 

submission to the FDA of a BLA and payment of any user fees for FDA review of the BLA; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to accept the filing for review; 

satisfactory completion of one or more FDA pre-approval inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the biologic, or components thereof, will be produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biologic s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

satisfactory completion of any potential FDA audits of the clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the BLA to assure compliance with GCP and integrity of the clinical data; 

FDA review and approval of the BLA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee; and 

compliance with any post-approval requirements, including Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, where applicable, and post-approval studies required by the FDA as a condition of approval. 

The process in the European Union and other countries or jurisdictions with developed regulatory regimes is broadly comparable. 
 Preclinical Studies 
 Before testing any biological product candidates in humans, the product candidate must undergo rigorous preclinical testing. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential for adverse events and in some cases to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations for safety/toxicology studies. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans for clinical studies, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans and must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. Some long-term preclinical testing may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 
 Clinical Trials 
 The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance with GCP, an international standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors; as well as (iii) under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated in the trial. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an Institutional Review Board (IRB) for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. 
 There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. Information about certain clinical trials, including clinical trial results, must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, clinical trial sites, and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Disclosure of the results of these clinical trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 after the date of completion of the trial. 
 A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may still submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of a BLA. The FDA will accept a well-designed and well-conducted foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND if the clinical trial was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and reflected the makeup of the United States population, and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. 
 Clinical trials are generally conducted in three sequential phases, known as Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3: 
 Phase 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or subjects with the target disease, usually studying an escalating single dose or multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of Phase 1 trials is to assess the metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacologic action, side effect tolerability, safety of the product candidate, determine the dosing regimen(s) for subsequent investigations, and, if possible, early evidence of effectiveness. 

Phase 2 clinical trials generally involve studies in subjects with the target disease to evaluate effectiveness for a specific indication or indications. At the same time, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected and possible adverse effects and safety risks are identified. 

Phase 3 clinical trials generally involve a large number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide the data necessary to demonstrate clinical efficacy of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. In most cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of a product. 

These phases may overlap or be combined. For example, a Phase 1/2 clinical trial may contain both a dose-escalation stage and a dose-expansion stage, the latter of which may confirm tolerability at the recommended dose for expansion in future clinical trials (as in traditional Phase 1 clinical trials) and provide insight into the anti-tumor effects of the investigational therapy in selected subpopulation(s). 
 Typically, during the development of oncology therapies, all subjects enrolled in Phase 1 clinical trials are disease-affected patients and, as a result, considerably more information on clinical activity may be collected during such trials than during Phase 1 clinical trials for non-oncology therapies. A single Phase 3 or Phase 2 trial with other confirmatory evidence may be sufficient in rare instances to provide substantial evidence of effectiveness (generally subject to the requirement of additional post-approval studies). 
 Phase 1, Phase 2, Phase 3 and other types of clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA, the IRB, or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including non-compliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB's requirements or if the drug or biologic has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether a trial may move forward at designated checkpoints based on access to certain data from the trial. 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies, and must develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug or biologic, as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product and, among other things, companies must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the investigational medicines do not undergo unacceptable deterioration over their shelf life. 
 In 2014, Clinical Trials Regulation 536/2014 was adopted. The new Regulation is directly applicable in all EU Member States (without national implementation) and entered into application on January 31, 2022. The new Regulation seeks to simplify and streamline the approval of clinical trials in the EU. Pursuant to the Regulation, the sponsor shall submit a single Clinical Trial Application (CTA) via the EMA's Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS, which will cover all regulatory 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and ethics assessments from the member states concerned. 
 Any submissions made from January 31, 2023, onwards must be made through CTIS and all trials authorized pursuant to the Directive that are still ongoing on January 31, 2025, must have their details registered on CTIS. In both cases trials registered on CTIS must comply with the Regulation. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with a member state's requirements, clinical trial development may proceed. Approval and monitoring of clinical trials in the EU is, as it was under the Directive, the responsibility of individual member states, but compared to the position prior to the applicability of the Clinical Trials Regulation there is likely to be more collaboration, information-sharing, and decision-making between member states. The new Regulation also aims to streamline and simplify the rules on safety reporting and introduces enhanced transparency requirements, such as mandatory submission of a summary of the clinical trial results to a new EU Database. Clinical trials must be carried out in accordance with GCP. 
 Review Process 
 Following completion of the clinical trials, the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA, along with proposed labeling, chemistry, and manufacturing information to ensure product quality and other relevant data. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product to the satisfaction of the FDA. FDA approval of a BLA must be obtained before a biologic or drug may be marketed in the United States. 
 The cost of preparing and submitting a BLA is substantial. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, each BLA must be accompanied by a substantial user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. The applicant under an approved BLA is also subject to an annual program fee. 
 The FDA reviews all submitted BLAs before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information. The FDA must make a decision on accepting a BLA for filing within 60 days of receipt, and such decision could include a refusal to file by the FDA. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the BLA. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, the FDA has 10 months, from the filing date, in which to complete its initial review of an original BLA for a new molecular entity and respond to the applicant, and six months from the filing date of an original BLA designated for priority review. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority BLAs, and the review process can be extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. 
 Before approving a BLA, the FDA will conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether they comply with cGMP requirements. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. 
 The FDA also may audit data from clinical trials to ensure compliance with GCP requirements and the integrity of the data supporting safety and efficacy. Additionally, the FDA may refer applications for novel products or products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions, if any. The FDA is not bound by recommendations of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations when making decisions on approval. The FDA likely will reanalyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and the applicant during the review process. 
 After the FDA evaluates a BLA, it will issue either an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter, or CRL. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the biologic with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A CRL generally outlines the deficiencies in the BLA and may require additional clinical data, additional pivotal clinical trial(s) and/or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies, or manufacturing for the FDA to reconsider the application. If a CRL is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the BLA, addressing all deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application or request an opportunity for a hearing. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months, depending on the type of information included. Even if 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 such data and information are submitted, the FDA may decide that the BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. 
 As a condition of BLA approval, the FDA may require a REMS to help ensure that the benefits of the biologic outweigh the potential risks to patients. A REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure a product s safe use, or ETASU. An ETASU can include, but is not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing the product, dispensing the product only under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use of patient-specific registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. Moreover, the FDA may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the product s safety or efficacy. 
 An application for authorization to market a product in the European Union, or one or more member states, proceeds under one of four procedures: a centralized authorization procedure, a mutual recognition procedure, a decentralized procedure or a national procedure. Since our products, by virtue of being antibody-based biologics, fall under the centralized procedure, only this procedure will be described here. A successful application under the centralized authorization procedure results in a marketing authorization from the European Commission, which is automatically valid in all European Union member states. The other European Economic Area member states (namely Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein) are also obligated to recognize the European Commission decision. The EMA and the European Commission administer the centralized authorization procedure. 
 Under the centralized authorization procedure, the CHMP serves as the scientific committee that renders opinions about the safety, efficacy and quality of human products on behalf of the EMA. The CHMP is composed of experts nominated by each member state s national drug authority, with one of them appointed to act as Rapporteur for the coordination of the evaluation with the possible assistance of a further member of the CHMP acting as a Co-Rapporteur. After approval, the Rapporteur(s) continue to monitor the product throughout its life cycle. The CHMP is required to issue an opinion within 210 days of receipt of a valid application, though the clock is stopped to ask the applicant for clarification of anything contained within the application or further supporting data. The process is complex and involves extensive consultation with the regulatory authorities of member states and a number of experts. Once the procedure is completed, a European Public Assessment Report is produced. If the CHMP concludes that the quality, safety and efficacy of the medicinal product is sufficiently proven, it adopts a positive opinion. The CHMP s opinion is sent to the European Commission, which uses the opinion as the basis for its decision whether to grant a marketing authorization. If the opinion is negative, information is given as to the grounds on which this conclusion was reached. After approval, the Rapporteur(s) continue to monitor the product throughout its life cycle. 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biological product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States but for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product in the United States. 
 Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation on its own does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 
 If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same product for the same indication for seven years from the date of such approval, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by means of greater effectiveness, greater safety, or providing a major contribution to patient care, or in instances of drug supply issues. Competitors, however, may receive approval of either a different product for the same indication or the same product for a different indication. In the latter case, because healthcare professionals are free to prescribe products for off-label uses, based on their independent medical judgment, the competitor s product could be used for the orphan indication despite another product s orphan exclusivity. 
 FDA's determination of whether two antibody drug conjugates, or ADCs, are the same product for purposes of orphan drug exclusivity is based on a determination of sameness of the monoclonal antibody element and the functional element of the conjugated molecule. Two ADCs are deemed to be the same product if the complementarity determining region sequences of 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the antibody and the functional element of the conjugated molecule are the same. A difference in either of those two elements can result in a determination that the molecules are different. 
 Regulation (EC) 141/2000 states that a drug shall be designated as an orphan drug in the European Union if its sponsor can establish (i) that it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition affecting not more than five in 10,000 persons in the European Union when the application is made, or that it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition in the European Union and that without incentives it is unlikely that the marketing of the drug in the European Union would generate sufficient return to justify the necessary investment; and (ii) that there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the condition in question that has been authorized in the European Union or, if such method exists, the drug will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. Regulation (EC) 847/2000 sets out criteria for the designation of orphan drugs. An application for designation as an orphan product can be made any time prior to the filing of an application for approval to market the product. Marketing authorization for an orphan drug leads to a 10-year period of orphan market exclusivity, during which the EMA and European Union Member States shall not accept another marketing authorization application for the same indication for a similar medicinal product. This period of orphan market exclusivity can be reduced to six years if it no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation by the end of the fifth year or extended to 12 years with an agreed Pediatric Investigation Plan, or PIP. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 The FDA is authorized to designate certain products for expedited review if they are intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. 
 Fast Track designation may be granted for products that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective treatment, and preclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast Track designation applies to both the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a new biologic candidate can request the FDA to designate the candidate for a specific indication for Fast Track status concurrent with, or after, the submission of the IND for the candidate. The FDA must determine if the biologic candidate qualifies for Fast Track designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. For Fast Track products, sponsors may have greater interactions with the FDA and the FDA may initiate review of sections of a Fast Track product s BLA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the FDA determines, after preliminary evaluation of clinical data submitted by the sponsor, that a Fast Track product may be effective. The sponsor must also provide, and the FDA must approve, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the sponsor must pay applicable user fees. Any product submitted to the FDA for marketing, including under a Fast Track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. 
 Breakthrough therapy designation may be granted for products that are intended, alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over currently approved therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Under the breakthrough therapy program, the sponsor of a new biologic candidate may request that the FDA designate the candidate for a specific indication as a breakthrough therapy concurrent with, or after, the submission of the IND for the biologic candidate. The FDA must determine if the biological product qualifies for breakthrough therapy designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. The FDA may take certain actions with respect to breakthrough therapies, including holding meetings with the sponsor throughout the development process, providing timely advice to the product sponsor regarding development and approval, involving more senior staff in the review process, assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the review team, and taking other steps to design the clinical studies in an efficient manner. 
 Priority review may be granted for products that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety and effectiveness compared to available therapies. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Accelerated approval may be granted for products that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and that generally provide a meaningful therapeutic advantage to patients over existing treatments. A product eligible for accelerated approval may be approved on the basis of either a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. In clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions, or survives. The accelerated approval pathway is most often used in settings in which the course of a disease is long, and an extended period of time is required to measure the intended clinical benefit of a product, even if the effect on the surrogate or intermediate clinical endpoint occurs rapidly. Thus, accelerated approval has been used extensively in the development and approval of products for treatment of a variety of cancers in which the goal of therapy is generally to improve survival or decrease morbidity and the duration of the typical disease course requires lengthy and sometimes large studies to demonstrate a clinical or survival benefit. The accelerated approval pathway is contingent on a sponsor s agreement to conduct additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the product s clinical benefit. These confirmatory trials must be completed with due diligence and, in some cases, the FDA may require that the trial be designed, initiated and/or fully enrolled prior to approval. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or to confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, would allow the FDA to withdraw the product from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by the FDA. 
 Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or the time period for FDA review or approval may not be shortened. Furthermore, Fast Track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. 
 Similar conditional approval and accelerated assessment processes exist in the European Union for medicine that would fulfill an unmet medical need or therapeutic innovation. We believe that some of the disease indications in which our product candidates are currently being or may be developed in the future qualify for this provision, and we will take advantage of this provision as appropriate. 
 Additional Controls for Biologics 
 To help reduce the increased risk of the introduction of adventitious agents, the PHSA emphasizes the importance of manufacturing controls for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The PHSA also provides authority to the FDA to immediately suspend licenses in situations where there exists a danger to public health, to prepare or procure products in the event of shortages and critical public health needs, and to authorize the creation and enforcement of regulations to prevent the introduction or spread of communicable diseases in the United States and between states. 
 After a BLA is approved, the product may also be subject to official lot release as a condition of approval. As part of the manufacturing process, the manufacturer is required to perform certain tests on each product lot before it is released for distribution. If the product is subject to official release by the FDA, the manufacturer submits samples of each product lot to the FDA together with a release protocol showing a summary of the history of manufacture of the lot and the results of all the manufacturer s tests performed on the lot. The FDA may also perform certain confirmatory tests on lots of some products, such as viral vaccines, before releasing the lots for distribution by the manufacturer. In addition, the FDA conducts laboratory research related to the regulatory standards on the safety, purity, potency, and effectiveness of biological products. As with drugs, after approval of biologics, manufacturers must address any safety issues that arise, are subject to recalls or a halt in manufacturing, and are subject to periodic inspection after approval. 
 Pediatric Information 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, BLAs or supplements to BLAs must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the biological product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the biological product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant full or partial waivers, or deferrals, for submission of data. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA generally does not apply to any biological product for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. However, beginning in 2020, PREA will apply to BLAs for orphan-designated biologics if the biologic is a molecularly targeted cancer product intended for the treatment of an adult cancer and is directed at a molecular target that FDA has determined is substantially relevant to the growth or progression of a pediatric cancer. 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act, or the BPCA, provides a six-month extension of any exclusivity patent or non-patent for a biologic if certain conditions are met. Conditions for exclusivity include the FDA s determination that information relating to the use of a new biologic in the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population, FDA making a written request for pediatric studies, and the applicant agreeing to perform, and reporting on, the requested studies within the statutory timeframe. Applications under the BPCA are treated as priority applications, with all the benefits that designation confers. 
 While there is no direct equivalent to the separate route for biologics, broadly equivalent requirements and controls similarly apply to the submission of pediatric testing and marketing authorization applications to the European Medicines Agency in the European Union and, post-approval, to the holding of such marketing authorizations, including conditionality. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Once a BLA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, the FDA tightly regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of biologics, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities, involving the Internet. Biologics may be marketed only for the approved indications and in a manner consistent with the provisions of the approved labeling. 
 Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic safety summary reports is required following FDA approval of a BLA. The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, REMS, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product, or the FDA may place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality control, biological product manufacture, packaging and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMP after approval. Biologic manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. The FDA is authorized to conduct periodic unannounced inspections at any establishment where a biologic product is manufactured to assess cGMP compliance. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with cGMP. 
 Once an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information, imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, suspension of the approval, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines, warnings or other enforcement-related letters or holds on post-approval clinical studies; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending BLAs or supplements to approved BLAs, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

Broadly equivalent requirements, controls and sanctions similarly apply to supply, QA, manufacture, labeling, advertising, pharmacovigilance, and tracing of medicinal products as imposed by European Union laws and enforced by European Union national regulatory authorities. 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 U.S. Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 
 Depending upon the timing, duration, and specifics of FDA approval of our product candidates, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Hatch Waxman Amendments. The Hatch Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. Patent term extension, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent term extension period is generally one half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of a BLA, plus the time between the submission date of a BLA and the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for such an extension, only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. Similar provisions are available in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. In the future, we or our licensors may apply for patent term extension for our owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond their current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant BLA. However, an extension might not be granted because of, for example, our or our licensors failure to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failure to apply within applicable deadlines, failure to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or any other failure to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than requested. There is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the FDA in the United States, will agree with our assessment of whether any extensions should be granted, and if granted, the length of such extensions. 
 The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or the BPCIA, created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be biosimilar to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Biosimilarity, which requires that the biological product be highly similar to the reference product notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components, and that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a biological product be biosimilar to the reference product and that the product can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products administered multiple times to an individual, that the product and the reference product may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biological product without such alternation or switch. 
 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 A reference biological product is granted 12 years of data exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product and the FDA will not accept an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product based on the reference biological product until four years after the date of first licensure of the reference product. First licensure typically means the initial date the product at issue was licensed in the United States. Date of first licensure does not include the date of licensure of (and a new period of exclusivity is not available for) a biological product if the licensure is for a supplement for the biological product or for a subsequent application by the same sponsor or manufacturer of the biological product (or licensor, predecessor in interest or other related entity) for a change (not including a modification to the structure of the biological product) that results in a new indication, route of administration, dosing schedule, dosage form, delivery system, delivery device or strength, or for a modification to the structure of the biological product that does not result in a change in safety, purity or potency. 
 Brexit and the Regulatory Framework in the United Kingdom 
 On June 23, 2016, the electorate in the United Kingdom voted in favor of Brexit and the United Kingdom officially withdrew from the European Union on January 31, 2020. Great Britain is no longer covered by the European Union s procedures for the grant of marketing authorizations (Northern Ireland is covered by the centralized authorization procedure and can be covered under the decentralized or mutual recognition procedures). A separate marketing authorization will be required to market drugs in Great Britain. For two years from 1 January 2021, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency, or MHRA, may adopt decisions taken by the European Commission on the approval of new marketing authorizations through the centralized procedure, and the MHRA will have regard to marketing authorizations approved in a country in the European Economic Area (although in both cases a marketing authorization will only be granted if any Great Britain-specific requirements are met). Various national procedures are now available to place a drug on the market in the United Kingdom, Great Britain, or Northern Ireland, with the main national procedure having a maximum timeframe of 150 days (excluding time taken to provide any further information or data required). The data exclusivity periods in the United Kingdom are currently in line with those in the European Union, but the Trade and Cooperation Agreement provides that the periods for both data and market exclusivity are to be determined by domestic law, and so there could be divergence in the future. 
 Gaining orphan drug designation in Great Britain following Brexit is based on the prevalence of the condition in Great Britain (rather than in the European Union). It is therefore possible that conditions that are currently designated as orphan conditions in Great Britain will no longer be and that conditions that are not currently designated as orphan conditions in the European Union will be designated as such in Great Britain. Unlike in the European Union, applications for orphan drug designation in Great Britain are reviewed in parallel with the corresponding marketing authorization application. 
 The regulatory framework in place in the United Kingdom in relation to clinical trials is derived from the European Union's Clinical Trials Directive, as implemented into United Kingdom law. The Clinical Trials Regulation does not apply in Great Britain. It is uncertain as to what extent the United Kingdom will seek to align its regulations with the Clinical Trials Regulation, and there are already added administrative burdens as a result of Brexit for trials that take place both in the United Kingdom and the European Union, for example United Kingdom sponsored trials that also have sites in the European Union now need to have a legal representative in the European Union. 
 International Regulation 
 In addition to regulations in the United States and Europe, a variety of foreign regulations govern clinical trials, commercial sales, and distribution of product candidates. The approval process varies from country to country and the time to approval may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA or European Commission approval. 
 Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Regulations and Legislative Reform 
 U.S. Healthcare and Privacy Laws and Regulations 
 Healthcare providers and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our operations, including any arrangements with healthcare providers, third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws that may affect the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we would market, sell, and distribute our products. The healthcare laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 

Federal civil and criminal false claims laws, such as the Federal False Claims Act, which can be enforced by private citizens through civil qui tam actions, and civil monetary penalty laws prohibit individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false, fictitious or fraudulent claims for payment of federal funds, and knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. 

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, among other things, imposes criminal liability for executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement to a healthcare benefits program. 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, which impose obligations with respect to individually identifiable health information upon covered entities (including health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers), their respective business associates and their covered subcontractors that perform services for them that involve individually identifiable health information. 

Federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. 

The federal transparency requirements under the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care Education and Reconciliation Act, or collectively the ACA, which requires, among other things, certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies reimbursed under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related to payments and other transfers of value provided to physicians, (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals and physician ownership and investment interests. 

State and foreign laws that are analogous to each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, that may impose similar or more prohibitive restrictions, and may apply to items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

State and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs, comply with certain compliance guidelines, or to track and report payments and other remuneration provided to healthcare providers; state laws that require the reporting of marketing expenditures or drug pricing,; state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; state laws that prohibit various marketing-related activities; and other federal, state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information. 

If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other current or future healthcare laws that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting and oversight obligations, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Although effective compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, these risks cannot be entirely eliminated. In addition, if any physicians or healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Legislative Reform 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry, and new laws, regulations and judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations, and decisions, related to healthcare availability, the method of delivery and payment for healthcare products and services could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and prospects. There is significant interest in promoting healthcare reforms, and it is likely that federal and state legislatures within the United States and the governments of other countries will continue to consider changes to existing healthcare legislation. For example, the U.S. and state governments continue to propose and pass legislation designed to reduce the cost of healthcare. In 2010, the ACA was enacted which included changes to the coverage and reimbursement of drug products under government healthcare programs. 
 While there have been executive judicial and congressional challenges to the ACA, several bills affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the ACA have been signed into law. For example, in 2017, the U.S. Congress enacted the Tax Act, which eliminated the tax-based, shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Further, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial and congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA. 
 In addition, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the United States federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs. In 2011, the U.S. Congress enacted the Budget Control Act, which included provisions intended to reduce the federal deficit. The Budget Control Act resulted in the imposition of 2 reductions in Medicare payments to providers beginning in 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect until 2031 unless additional congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. In 2012, the U.S. Congress enacted the American Taxpayer Relief Act, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 Furthermore, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products. This has resulted in several congressional inquiries and proposed legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. At the federal level, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. Further, the IRA, among other things (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. Additionally, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future. 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Environmental, Health and Safety Laws and Regulations 
 We and our third-party contractors are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the use, generation, manufacture, distribution, storage, handling, treatment, remediation and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Hazardous chemicals, including flammable and biological materials, are involved in certain aspects of our business, and we cannot eliminate the risk of injury or contamination from the use, generation, manufacture, distribution, storage, handling, treatment or disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our product candidates use PBDs, which are highly potent cytotoxins that require special handling by our and our contractors' staff. In the event of contamination, injury, or failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, fines and penalties associated with such liability could exceed our assets and resources. Environmental, health and safety laws and regulations are becoming increasingly more stringent. We may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. 
 Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 
 The availability and extent of coverage and adequate reimbursement by governmental and private third-party payors are essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive medical treatments. In both domestic and foreign markets, sales of our product candidates will depend substantially on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance, and managed healthcare organizations. These third-party payors decide which products will be covered and establish reimbursement levels for those products. 
 Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe, effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate for the specific patient; 

cost-effective; and 

neither experimental nor investigational. 

Obtaining coverage approval and reimbursement for a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our products to the payor. We may not be able to provide data sufficient to gain acceptance with respect to coverage and reimbursement at a satisfactory level. If coverage and adequate reimbursement of our future products, if any, are unavailable or limited in scope or amount, such as may result where alternative or generic treatments are available, we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability. Adverse coverage and reimbursement limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in our product candidates, even if such product candidates obtain regulatory approval. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. There is no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement in the United States and, coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are typically made by the CMS, which decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare. Private payors often, but not always, follow the CMS decisions regarding coverage and reimbursement. It is difficult to predict what third-party payors will decide with respect to coverage and reimbursement for fundamentally novel products such as ours, as there is no body of established practices and precedents for these new products. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage and adequate reimbursement for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage and adequate reimbursement for that product. We may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our product candidates. There can be no assurance that our product candidates will be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. In addition to third-party payors, professional organizations and patient advocacy groups such as the National Comprehensive Cancer Network and the American Society of Clinical Oncology can influence decisions about reimbursement for new medicines by determining standards for care. Therefore, it is possible that any of our product candidates, even if approved, may not be covered by third-party payors or the reimbursement limit may be so restrictive that we cannot commercialize the product candidates profitably. 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Reimbursement agencies in Europe may be more restrictive than payors in the United States. For example, a number of cancer products have been approved for reimbursement in the United States but not in certain European countries. In Europe, decisions about pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In certain countries, new products may be marketed after agreement on reimbursement price has been reached. Such pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after receipt of marketing approval for a product. Political, economic, and regulatory developments may further complicate pricing negotiations, and pricing negotiations may continue after reimbursement has been obtained. Other countries require additional health technology assessments that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. In addition, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of products reimbursed by their national health insurance systems to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. With pricing and reimbursement decisions taking place at the member state level, member states may approve a specific price for a product, adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the product on the market or monitor and control prescription volumes and issue guidance to physicians to limit prescriptions. Reference pricing used by various European Union member states and parallel distribution, or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced member states, can further reduce prices. Furthermore, many countries in the European Union have increased the number of discounts required on pharmaceutical products. These efforts could continue as countries attempt to manage healthcare expenditures, especially in light of severe fiscal and debt crises experienced by many countries in the European Union. There can be no assurance that any country with reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products, if approved in those countries. Accordingly, reimbursement for any products in Europe may be lower, compared to the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenues and profits. 
 The containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of foreign and domestic governments as well as private third-party payors. The pricing of drugs has been a focus in this effort. Governments and private third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications, which could affect our ability to sell our product candidates profitably. We also expect to experience pricing pressures due to the trend towards managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, and additional legislative changes. These and other cost-control initiatives could cause us to decrease the price we might establish for products, which could result in lower-than-anticipated product revenues. In addition, the publication of discounts by third-party payors or authorities may lead to further pressure on the prices or reimbursement levels within the country of publication and other countries. If pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels or if coverage and adequate reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, our revenues, and the potential profitability of our product candidates in those countries would be negatively affected. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 94 employees, all of whom were full-time. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good and we have not experienced any work stoppages. 
 We recognize that attracting, motivating, and retaining talent at all levels is vital to our continued success. Our employees are a significant asset, and we aim to create an equitable, inclusive, diverse, and empowering environment in which our employees can grow and advance their careers. Our overall goal is to develop, expand and retain our workforce in support of our current pipeline and future business objectives. Our human resources objectives include identifying, recruiting, retaining, motivating, and integrating our existing and future employees. By focusing on employee retention and engagement, we also improve our ability to support our clinical trials, our pipeline, our platform technologies, business, and operations, and protect the long-term interests of our stockholders. Our efforts to recruit and retain a diverse and passionate workforce include providing competitive compensation and benefits packages and ensuring we listen to our employees. 
 We value innovation, passion, data-driven decision making, persistence and honesty. We are building an environment where our employees can thrive and be inspired to make exceptional contributions towards the advancement of novel and more effective therapies for cancer patients. We also seek and support a diverse population of employees, and value the contributions of all without regard to age, race, ethnicity, gender, or sexual orientation. We recognize the value of our employees unique backgrounds and breadth of experience in building a strong and sustainable company. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate our employees and directors through grants of stock-based compensation awards and payments of cash-based performance bonus awards. These incentives are intended to encourage employees to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve objectives, thus contributing to our stockholder value. We also offer the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to all employees where they can purchase shares of our common stock at a discounted price. We are committed to providing a competitive and comprehensive benefits package to our employees. Our benefits package is designed to support our employees and their family s health and well-being. Our benefits include, medical, dental and vision, as well as dependent care, mental health, and other wellness benefits. 
 We value career development for all employees, and we provide reimbursement and time for employees to attend professional development courses ranging from technical training, competency-based workshops, and leadership development programs. Direct managers also take an active role in identifying individualized development plans to assist their employees in realizing their full potential and creating opportunities for promotions and added responsibilities that enhance the engagement and retention of our workforce. We are committed to maintaining and increasing our investment in our workforce as we grow, including improvements in the way we hire, develop, motivate, and retain employees. 
 Corporate History 
 We were incorporated under the laws of Delaware under the name Bolt Therapeutics, Inc. as a private company in January 2015. We changed our name to Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. in July 2015. Our principal executive offices are located at 900 Chesapeake Drive, Redwood City, California 94063 and our telephone number is (650) 665-9295. Our corporate website address is www.boltbio.com . We make available, free of charge on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such reports with the SEC. Alternatively, you may access these reports at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, and the inclusion of our website address is an inactive textual reference only. 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ite m 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the financial statements and the related notes. If any of the following risks actually occur, it could harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition and future prospects. In such event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. This report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of factors that are described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 
 We have a limited operating history and have incurred significant losses since inception, and we anticipate that we may continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 Biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We are an immuno-oncology company with a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. With the exception of our lead product candidate, BDC-1001, all of our development programs are in preclinical development or drug discovery stage. We commenced operations in 2015, and to date, we have focused primarily on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, developing our proprietary Boltbody ISAC approach, identifying product candidates, establishing our intellectual property portfolio and conducting research, preclinical studies and clinical trials. Our approach to the discovery and development of product candidates based on our Boltbody ISAC approach is unproven, and we do not know whether we will be able to develop any product candidates that succeed in clinical development or products of commercial value. As an organization, we have not yet completed any clinical trials, obtained regulatory approvals, manufactured a commercial-scale product (or arranged for a third party to do so on our behalf), or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a history of successfully developing and commercializing biopharmaceutical products. 
 Since inception in 2015, we have not generated any product revenue and have incurred significant operating losses. Our net losses were 88.1 million and 98.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 295.1 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. It could be at least several years, if ever, before we have a commercialized drug. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we: 
 continue to advance our research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates; 

expand and initiate further clinical trials for our product candidates; 

seek to identify additional product candidates; 

seek marketing approvals for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials, if any; 

establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval; 

maintain, expand, protect and enforce our intellectual property portfolio and obtain licenses to third-party intellectual property; 

attract, hire and retain additional administrative, clinical, regulatory and scientific personnel; 

enter into third-party relationships for clinical trials, manufacturing and supply; and 

incur additional legal, accounting and other expenses in operating our business, including the additional costs associated with operating as a public company. 

29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical products and development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses and when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. Our expenses could increase and profitability could be further delayed if we decide to or are required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities such as the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or the U.K. Medicines Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, or MHRA, to perform studies or trials in addition to those currently expected, or if there are any delays in the development or completion of any planned or future preclinical studies or clinical trials of our current and future product candidates. Even if we complete the development and regulatory processes described above, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with launching and commercializing our current and future product candidates. 
 Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company also could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 We will need substantial funding to pursue our business objectives. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on terms favorable to us, we could be forced to delay, reduce or terminate our product development, other operations or commercialization efforts. 
 Identifying and developing potential product candidates and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain regulatory approval and begin selling any approved products. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we conduct our ongoing and planned preclinical studies, initiate additional clinical trials for our product candidates and seek regulatory approval for our current product candidates and any future product candidates we may develop. Our expenses could increase beyond our current expectations if the FDA requires us to perform clinical trials and other studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or terminate our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 192.8 million. Based upon our current operating plan and assumptions, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months following the issuance date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This estimate is based on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we expect. Changes may occur beyond our control that would cause us to consume our available capital before that time, including changes in and progress of our development activities and changes in regulation. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the scope, rate of progress, results and costs of drug discovery, preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our product candidates; 

the number and development requirements of product candidates that we may pursue, and other indications for our current product candidates that we may pursue; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the scope and costs of manufacturing development and commercial manufacturing activities; 

the cost associated with commercializing any approved product candidates; 

the cost and timing of developing our ability to establish sales and marketing capabilities, if any; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining, enforcing and protecting our intellectual property rights, defending intellectual property-related claims and obtaining licenses to third-party intellectual property; 

the timing and amount of milestone and royalty payments we are required to make under our license agreements; 

our ability to establish and maintain collaborations on favorable terms, if at all; and 

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies and associated intellectual property. 

30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We will require additional capital to complete our planned clinical development programs for our current product candidates to obtain regulatory approval. Any additional capital raising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our current and future product candidates, if approved. 
 In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available on a timely basis, in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders and the issuance of additional securities by us, whether equity or debt, or the market perception that such issuances are likely to occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis on acceptable terms, we may be required to delay, reduce or terminate one or more of our research and development programs or the commercialization of any product candidates that may be approved. This could harm our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to third parties to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 We might not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards of 183.2 million and 230.5 million, respectively. The federal NOLs include 4.4 million that may be used to offset up to 100 of future taxable income and will begin to expire in 2035, unless previously utilized, and 178.8 million that are not subject to expiration. The net operating loss carryforwards subject to expiration could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the Tax Act, as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, or CARES Act, federal net operating losses incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and in future taxable years may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal net operating losses in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited. There is variation in how states will respond to the Tax Act and CARES Act. In addition, for state income tax purposes, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, such as recent California legislation limiting the usability of NOLs for tax years beginning in 2020 and before 2022. 
 Separately, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. The completion of our initial public offering, together with private placements and other transactions that have occurred since our inception, may trigger such an ownership change pursuant to Section 382. We have performed a Section 382 study as of December 31, 2021 and expect approximately 2.8 million of federal research and development credits and 51.0 million of California net operating losses to expire unused due to Section 382 limitations. 
 We may experience ownership changes as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. If an ownership change occurs and our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards is materially limited, it would harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Risks Related to the Development of Our Product Candidates 
 We depend primarily on the success of our lead product candidate, BDC-1001, which is in clinical development and which has not completed a pivotal trial. If we do not obtain regulatory approval for and successfully commercialize our lead product candidate in one or more indications or we experience significant delays in doing so, or if we are unable to advance our other product candidates through preclinical and clinical development, obtain regulatory approval for and successfully commercialize our other product candidates in one or more indications, or we experience significant delays in doing so, we may never generate any revenue or become profitable. 
 We do not have any products that have received regulatory approval and may never be able to develop marketable product candidates. We are very early in our development efforts. BDC-1001, our lead product candidate, is still in the early stages of clinical development, and is our only product candidate to have advanced beyond preclinical studies. We have invested most of our efforts in developing our Boltbody ISAC approach, identifying potential product candidates and conducting preclinical studies. We expect that a substantial portion of our efforts and expenses over the next several years will be devoted to the development of BDC-1001 in our ongoing and planned clinical trials in HER2-positive solid tumors including breast, colorectal, endometrial, and gastroesophageal. As a result, our business currently depends heavily on the successful development, regulatory approval and, if approved, commercialization of BDC-1001 in one or more of these indications. We cannot be certain that BDC-1001 will receive regulatory approval or will be successfully commercialized even if it receives regulatory approval. The research, testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, approval, sale, marketing and distribution of BDC-1001 is, and will remain, subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any product candidate, we must demonstrate through preclinical studies and clinical trials that the product candidate is safe and effective for use in each target indication. Drug development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and delay or failure can occur at any stage of any of our clinical trials. Failure to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates will prevent us from commercializing and marketing our product candidates. The success of BDC-1001 and any other product candidates will depend on several additional factors, including: 
 completing clinical trials that demonstrate their safety and efficacy; 

successful initiation of clinical trials; 

successful patient enrollment in, and completion, of clinical trials; 

the ability to successfully develop, in-license or otherwise acquire additional targeting agents for our Boltbody ISACs; 

receiving marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 

obtaining, maintaining, protecting and enforcing patent, trade secret and other intellectual property rights and regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates; 

completing any post-marketing studies required by applicable regulatory authorities; 

making and maintaining arrangements with third-party manufacturers, or establishing manufacturing capabilities, for both clinical and commercial supplies of our product candidates; 

establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and successfully launching commercial sales of our products, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

the prevalence and severity of adverse events experienced with our product candidates; 

acceptance of our product candidates by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 

a continued acceptable safety profile following approval; 

obtaining and maintaining healthcare coverage and adequate reimbursement for our product candidates; 

competing effectively with other cancer therapies, including with respect to the sales and marketing of our product candidates, if approved; and 

obtaining licenses to any third-party intellectual property we deem necessary or desirable. 

32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Many of these factors are beyond our control, including the time needed to adequately complete clinical testing, the regulatory submission process, potential threats to our intellectual property rights and changes in the competitive landscape. It is possible that none of our product candidates will ever obtain regulatory approval, even if we expend substantial time and resources seeking such approval. If we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approval or, if approved, commercialize our product candidates, which would materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In addition, the clinical trial requirements of the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA and other regulatory agencies and the criteria these regulators may use to determine the safety and efficacy of a product candidate vary substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use and market of the potential products. The regulatory approval process for novel product candidates such as ours can be more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or extensively studied pharmaceutical or other product candidates. 
 Our approach to the discovery and development of product candidates based on our Boltbody ISAC approach, and the BDC-3042 program based on Dectin-2 agonism, is unproven, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of product candidate development, and we do not know whether we will be able to develop any products of commercial value, or if competing technological approaches will limit the commercial value of our product candidates or render our platform obsolete. 
 The success of our business depends primarily upon our ability to identify, develop and commercialize products based on our proprietary Boltbody ISAC approach, which leverages a novel and unproven approach. Our BDC-3042 program relies on agonizing Dectin-2 to reprogram TAMs and is also a novel and unproven approach. While we have had favorable preclinical study results based on our technology, we have not yet succeeded and may not succeed in demonstrating safety and efficacy for any product candidates in clinical trials or in obtaining marketing approval thereafter. Our lead product candidate, BDC-1001, is in clinical development and we have not yet completed any clinical trials for any product candidate. Our research methodology and novel approach to immunotherapy may be unsuccessful in identifying additional product candidates, and any product candidates based on our technology may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may necessitate additional clinical testing, or make the product candidates unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval. For example, in August 2022, we announced the discontinuation of development of BDC-2034 due to off-target toxicity related to the targeting antibody. Further, because all of our product candidates and development programs are based on our technology approach, adverse developments with respect to one of our programs may have a significant adverse impact on the actual or perceived likelihood of success and value of our other programs. 
 In addition, the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with our Boltbody ISAC approach. If we fail to stay at the forefront of technological change in utilizing our Boltbody ISAC approach to create and develop product candidates, we may be unable to compete effectively. Our competitors may render our Boltbody ISAC approach obsolete, or limit the commercial value of our product candidates, by advances in existing technological approaches (for example, using different antibody drug conjugate, or ADC, technologies than we use) or the development of new or different approaches, potentially eliminating the advantages in our drug discovery process that we believe we derive from our research approach and proprietary technologies. By contrast, adverse developments with respect to other companies that attempt to use a similar approach to our approach may adversely impact the actual or perceived value of our Boltbody ISAC approach and potential of our product candidates. 
 We have concentrated our product research and development efforts on our novel therapeutic approach of using myeloid biology to fight cancer, and our future success depends on the successful development of our lead product candidate, BDC-1001, and other product candidates. There can be no assurance that any development problems we experience in the future related to our novel therapy will not cause significant delays or unanticipated costs, or that such development problems can be efficiently solved. We may also experience delays in developing a sustainable, reproducible and scalable manufacturing process or transferring that process to commercial partners, which may prevent us from completing our clinical trials or commercializing our product candidates on a timely or profitable basis, if at all. 
 If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We are currently developing, and in the future may develop, product candidates in combination with other therapies and that may expose us to additional risks. 
 We are developing BDC-1001 as a combination therapy in addition to a single agent therapy. For example, we have clinical supply agreements with BMS to study BDC-1001 with nivolumab and with Roche to study BDC-1001 with pertuzumab. Also, we may develop future product candidates for use in combination with one or more currently approved cancer therapies. Even if any product candidate we develop was to receive marketing approval or be commercialized for use in combination with other existing therapies, we would continue to be subject to the risks that the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities could revoke approval of the therapy used in combination with our product candidate or that safety, efficacy, manufacturing or supply issues could arise with these existing therapies. Combination therapies are commonly used for the treatment of cancer, and we would be subject to similar risks if we develop any of our product candidates for use in combination with other drugs or for indications other than cancer. This could result in our own products being removed from the market or being less successful commercially. 
 We may also evaluate BDC-1001 or any other future product candidates in combination with one or more other cancer therapies that have not yet been approved for marketing by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities. We will not be able to market and sell BDC-1001 or any product candidate we develop in combination with any such unapproved cancer therapies that do not ultimately obtain marketing approval. 
 If the FDA or similar foreign regulatory authorities do not approve these other drugs or revoke their approval of, or if safety, efficacy, manufacturing or supply issues arise with, the drugs we choose to evaluate in combination with BDC-1001 or any product candidate we develop, we may be unable to obtain approval of or market BDC-1001 or any product candidate we develop. 
 We may seek accelerated approval for some or all of our product candidates from the FDA, however, the FDA may disagree and may require completion of additional clinical trials before considering a Biologics License Application, or BLA, for review. 
 We may seek accelerated approval for BDC-1001 for the treatment of patients with certain HER2 positive solid tumors. Under the FDA s accelerated approval program, the FDA may approve a drug or biologic for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. For drugs and biologics granted accelerated approval, confirmatory trials are required to confirm safety and clinical benefit and convert the application to full approval. These confirmatory trials must be completed with due diligence. Moreover, the FDA may withdraw approval of an application approved under the accelerated approval pathway if, for example: 
 the trial or trials required to verify the predicted clinical benefit of our product candidates fail to verify such benefit or do not demonstrate sufficient clinical benefit, including as to the duration of their effectiveness, to justify the risks associated with the product; 

other evidence demonstrates that the product is not shown to be safe or effective under the conditions of use; 

we fail to conduct any required post-approval trial with due diligence; or 

we disseminate false or misleading promotional materials relating to the relevant product. 

Clinical trials are very expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement, and involve uncertain outcomes. Furthermore, results of earlier preclinical studies and clinical trials may not be predictive of results of future preclinical studies or clinical trials. 
 The risk of failure for our product candidates is high. It is impossible to predict when or if any of our product candidates will prove effective or safe in humans or will receive regulatory approval. To obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to market and sell any of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective in humans for use in each target indication. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and the outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. For example, in August 2022, we announced the discontinuation of development of BDC-2034 due to off-target toxicity related to the targeting antibody. 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, the results of preclinical studies and earlier clinical trials may not be predictive of the results of later-stage preclinical studies or clinical trials. The results generated to date in preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates do not ensure that later preclinical studies or clinical trials will demonstrate similar results. We have limited clinical data for any of our product candidates. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials, although we have none at this stage as of yet, may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical and earlier stage clinical trials. For example, the favorable results of our ongoing trial of BDC-1001 in patients with HER2-expressing solid tumors may not be predictive of similar results in subsequent trials. In later-stage clinical trials, we will likely be subject to more rigorous statistical analyses than in completed earlier stage clinical trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in later-stage clinical trials due to adverse safety profiles or lack of efficacy, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials, and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their products. 
 In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in clinical trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical trial protocols, and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. If we fail to produce positive results in our planned preclinical studies or clinical trials of any of our product candidates, the development timeline and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for our product candidates, and, correspondingly, our business and financial prospects, would be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials or we may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. 
 Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for its intended indications. Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming and uncertain as to outcome. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: 
 delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory authorities on trial design; 

delays in reaching agreement or failing to agree on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites; 

delays in opening sites, enrollment and recruiting suitable patients to participate in our clinical trials; 

interruptions in our business as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or other events outside our control, such as restrictions on travel and meetings with clinical trial sites and investigators, as well as potential disruptions in our product supply chain; 

imposition of a clinical hold by regulatory authorities as a result of a serious adverse event, concerns with a class of product candidates or after an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites; 

delays in having patients complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

occurrence of serious adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; or 

changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols. 

For instance, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken by the governmental authorities could disrupt the supply chain and the manufacture or shipment of drug substances and finished drug products for our product candidates for use in our research and clinical trials, delay, limit or prevent our employees and CROs from continuing research and development activities, impede the ability of patients to enroll or continue in clinical trials, or impede testing, monitoring, data collection and analysis or other related activities, any of which could delay our clinical trials and increase our development costs, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Any inability to timely and successfully complete preclinical and clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to achieve regulatory and commercialization milestones. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we may need to conduct additional testing to bridge our modified product candidate to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, or allow our competitors to bring comparable drugs to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Additionally, if the results of our clinical trials are inconclusive or if there are safety concerns or serious adverse events associated with our product candidates, we may: 
 be delayed in obtaining marketing approval, if at all; 

obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; 

obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings; 

be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; 

be required to perform additional clinical trials to support approval or be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; 

have regulatory authorities withdraw, or suspend, their approval of the drug or impose restrictions on its distribution in the form of a modified risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS; 

be subject to the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications; 

be sued; or 

experience damage to our reputation. 

Our drug development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or obtaining marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our preclinical studies or clinical trials will begin as planned, need to be restructured or be completed on schedule, if at all. 
 Further, we, the FDA or an institutional review board may suspend our clinical trials at any time if it appears that we or our collaborators are failing to conduct a trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, including the FDA s current Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, regulations, that we are exposing participants to unacceptable health risks or if the FDA finds deficiencies in our Investigational New Drug Applications, or INDs, or the conduct of these trials. Therefore, we cannot predict with any certainty the schedule for commencement and completion of future clinical trials. If we experience delays in the commencement or completion of our clinical trials, or if we terminate a clinical trial prior to completion, the commercial prospects of our product candidates could be negatively impacted, and our ability to generate revenues from our product candidates may be delayed or eliminated entirely. 
 We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus on research programs that we identify for specific indications. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. For example, in August 2022, we announced that we were winding down spending on BDC-2034, pausing other early-stage research programs, and prioritizing other ISAC programs, including our collaboration programs. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial therapies or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If any of our product candidates receives marketing approval and we, or others, later discover that the drug is less effective than previously believed or causes undesirable side effects that were not previously identified, our ability to market the drug could be compromised. 
 Clinical trials of our product candidates are conducted in carefully defined subsets of patients who have agreed to enter into clinical trials. Consequently, it is possible that our clinical trials may indicate an apparent positive effect of a product candidate that is greater than the actual positive effect, if any, or alternatively fail to identify undesirable side effects. If one or more of our product candidates receives regulatory approval, and we, or others, later discover that they are less effective than previously believed, or cause undesirable side effects, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 withdrawal or limitation by regulatory authorities of approvals of such product; 

seizure of the product by regulatory authorities; 

recall of the product; 

restrictions on the marketing of the product or the manufacturing process for any component thereof; 

requirement by regulatory authorities of additional warnings on the label, such as a black box warning or contraindication; 

requirement that we implement a REMS or create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; 

commitment to expensive additional safety studies prior to approval or post-marketing studies required by regulatory authorities of such product; 

the product may become less competitive; 

initiation of regulatory investigations and government enforcement actions; 

initiation of legal action against us to hold us liable for harm caused to patients; and 

harm to our reputation and resulting harm to physician or patient acceptance of our products. 

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the study until its conclusion. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: 
 the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; 

the size and health of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 

the proximity of patients to study sites; 

the design of the trial; 

our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 

clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating; 

our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and 

the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion. 

37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, our clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such clinical trial site. Moreover, because our product candidates represent a departure from more commonly used methods for cancer treatment, potential patients and their doctors may be inclined to use conventional therapies rather than enroll patients in any future clinical trial. 
 Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates. 
 We may become exposed to costly and damaging liability claims, either when testing our product candidates in the clinic or at the commercial stage, and our product liability insurance may not cover all damages from such claims. 
 We are exposed to potential product liability and professional indemnity risks that are inherent in the research, development, manufacturing, marketing and use of pharmaceutical products. We currently have no products that have been approved for commercial sale. However, the current and future use of product candidates by us in clinical trials, and the sale of any approved products in the future, may expose us to liability claims. These claims might be made by patients who use the product, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling such products. In addition, we have agreed to indemnify the licensors of the intellectual property related to our product candidates against certain intellectual property infringement, misappropriation and other claims. Any claims against us, or with respect to which we are obligated to provide indemnification, regardless of their merit, could be difficult and costly to defend or settle, and could compromise the market acceptance of our product candidates or any prospects for commercialization of our product candidates, if approved. For more information regarding the risks associated with intellectual property-related litigation, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 Although the clinical trial process is designed to identify and assess potential side effects, it is always possible that a drug, even after regulatory approval, may exhibit unforeseen side effects. If any of our product candidates were to cause adverse side effects during clinical trials or after approval of the product candidate, we may be exposed to substantial liabilities. Physicians and patients may not comply with any warnings that identify known potential adverse effects and patients who should not use our product candidates. 
 Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. We may need to increase our insurance coverage each time we commence a clinical trial and if we successfully commercialize any product candidate. As the expense of insurance coverage is increasing, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. If a successful product liability claim or series of claims is brought against us for uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities, our assets may not be sufficient to cover such claims and our business operations could be impaired. 
 Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 We have never commercialized a product candidate and we may lack the necessary expertise, personnel and resources to successfully commercialize any of our products that receive regulatory approval on our own or together with collaborators. 
 We have never commercialized a product candidate. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring the rights to our product candidates and undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates. We currently have no sales force, marketing, manufacturing or distribution capabilities. To achieve commercial success of our product candidates, if any are approved, we will have to develop our own sales, marketing and manufacturing capabilities or outsource these activities to a third party. 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Factors that may affect our ability to commercialize our product candidates on our own include recruiting and retaining adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel, persuading adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe our product candidates and other unforeseen costs associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. Developing a sales and marketing organization requires significant investment, is time-consuming and could delay the launch of our product candidates. We may not be able to build an effective sales and marketing organization in the United States, the European Union or other key global markets. If we are unable to build our own distribution and marketing capabilities or to find suitable partners for the commercialization of our product candidates, we may have difficulties generating revenue from them. 
 We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. 
 The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive. We face competition with respect to our current product candidates and will face competition with respect to any product candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future, from major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies among others. We compete in the segments of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other related markets that develop immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. There are other companies working to develop immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer including divisions of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies of various sizes. Some of these competitive products and therapies are based on scientific approaches that are the same as or similar to our approach, and others are based on entirely different approaches. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. 
 We are developing our initial product candidates for the treatment of cancer and currently none of these therapies are approved. There are already a variety of available drug therapies marketed for cancer and some of the currently approved drug therapies are branded and subject to patent protection, and others are available on a generic basis. Many of these approved drugs are well established therapies and are widely accepted by physicians, patients and third-party payors. Insurers and other third-party payors may also encourage the use of generic products. We expect that if our product candidates are approved, they will be priced at a significant premium over competitive generic products. This may make it difficult for us to achieve our business strategy of using our product candidates in combination with existing therapies or replacing existing therapies with our product candidates. 	 
 Competition may further increase as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies for drug discovery and development and greater availability of capital for investment in cancer therapies. We are aware that Mersana is developing a HER2-targeting ISAC, and other companies may develop ISACs and toll-like receptor, or TLR, agonists that may have utility for the treatment of HER2-positive cancers and other indications we are targeting. With respect to BDC-1001, there are numerous companies developing and marketing therapies focused on HER2-expressing cancers that utilize a range of other technologies and scientific approaches including ADCs, vaccines, bispecific antibodies and receptor tyrosine kinases inhibitors. Several of these companies have approved therapies, including Seattle Genetics, Daiichi Sankyo, Roche, Novartis and AstraZeneca, and many others have therapies in clinical development, including Zymeworks, MacroGenics, Merus, and Ambrx. Our current product and future product candidates will also compete more generally with companies developing alternative innate and adaptive immune system approaches for the treatment of cancer. 
 Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing, on an exclusive basis, products that are more effective or less costly than any product candidate that we may develop. In addition, most of these companies have substantially greater sales, marketing and other experience and reserves than we do. 
 Established pharmaceutical companies may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to in-license novel compounds that could make our product candidates less competitive. In addition, any new product that competes with an approved product must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety in order to overcome price competition and to be commercially successful. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, discovering, developing, receiving FDA approval for or commercializing drugs before we do, which would have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 The availability of our competitors products could limit the demand and the price we are able to charge for any product candidate we commercialize, if any. The inability to compete with existing or subsequently introduced drugs would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Even if any of our product candidates receive marketing approval, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 If BDC-1001 and our other current and future product candidates receive marketing approval, whether as a single agent or in combination with other therapies, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. For example, current approved immunotherapies, and other cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy, are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these therapies. If any of our product candidates do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may never become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 efficacy and potential advantages compared to alternative treatments; 

the ability to offer our products, if approved, for sale at competitive prices; 

convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 

the strength of marketing and distribution support; 

sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement, including of combination therapies; 

the willingness of patients to pay all, or a portion of, out-of-pocket costs associated with our products in the absence of sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement; 

adoption of a companion diagnostic or complementary diagnostic; and 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 

The successful commercialization of certain of our product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which governmental authorities and health insurers establish adequate coverage, reimbursement levels and pricing policies. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 
 The availability and adequacy of coverage and reimbursement by governmental healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors are essential for most patients to be able to afford products such as our product candidates, if approved. Our ability to achieve acceptable levels of coverage and reimbursement for products by governmental authorities, private health insurers and other organizations will have an effect on our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and attract additional collaboration partners to invest in the development of our product candidates. Coverage under certain government programs, such as Medicare, Medicaid, the 340B drug pricing program and TRICARE, may not be available for certain of our product candidates. Assuming we obtain coverage for a given product by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement in the United States, European Union Member States or elsewhere will be available for any product that we may develop, and any reimbursement that may become available may be decreased or eliminated in the future. 
 Third-party payors increasingly are challenging prices charged for pharmaceutical products and services, and many third-party payors may refuse to provide coverage and reimbursement for particular drugs when an equivalent generic drug, biosimilar or a less expensive therapy is available. It is possible that a third-party payor may consider our product candidates and other therapies as substitutable and only offer to reimburse patients for the less expensive product. Even if we show improved efficacy or improved convenience of administration with our product candidates, pricing of existing drugs may limit the amount we will be able to charge for our product candidates. These payors may deny or revoke the reimbursement status of a given product or establish prices for new or existing marketed products at levels that are too low to enable us to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may not be able to obtain a satisfactory financial return on products that we may develop. 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, third-party payors, including private and governmental payors, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in determining the extent to which new drugs and biologics will be covered. The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models for how private payors and other governmental payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies for drugs and biologics. Some third-party payors may require pre-approval of coverage for new or innovative devices or drug therapies before they reimburse health care providers who use such therapies. It is difficult to predict at this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates. 
 Obtaining and maintaining reimbursement status is time-consuming and costly. No uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. Furthermore, rules and regulations regarding reimbursement change frequently, in some cases at short notice, and we believe that changes in these rules and regulations are likely. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of health care services to contain or reduce costs of health care may adversely affect: 
 the demand for any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; 

our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products; 

our ability to obtain coverage and reimbursement approval for a product; 

our ability to generate revenues and achieve or maintain profitability; and 

the level of taxes that we are required to pay. 

Even if we receive marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we may not achieve market acceptance, which would limit the revenue that we can generate from sales of any of our approved product candidates. 
 Even if the FDA approves the marketing of any product candidates that we develop, physicians, patients, third-party payors or the medical community may not accept or use them. Efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may not be successful. Market acceptance of BDC-1001 and our other product candidates, if any are approved, will depend on a number of factors, including, among others: 
 the ability of BDC-1001 and our other product candidates to treat cancer, as compared with other available drugs, treatments or therapies; 

the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects associated with BDC-1001 and our other product candidates; 

limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved for BDC-1001 or our other product candidates by the FDA; 

availability of alternative treatments; 

the size of the target patient population, and the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 

the strength of marketing and distribution support and timing of market introduction of competitive products; 

publicity for our product candidates and competing products and treatments; 

41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 pricing and cost effectiveness; 

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing strategies; 

our ability to increase awareness of our product candidates through marketing efforts; 

our ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement; and 

the likelihood that the FDA may impose additional requirements that limit the promotion, advertising, distribution or sales of our product candidates. 

The market acceptance of our product candidates also will depend in part on the market acceptance of other immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. While a number of other cancer immunotherapies have received regulatory approval and are being commercialized, our approach to harnessing ISACs is novel. Adverse events in clinical trials for our product candidates or in clinical trials of others developing similar products and the resulting publicity, as well as any other adverse events in the field of immuno-oncology that may occur in the future, could result in a decrease in demand for BDC-1001 or any other product candidate that we may develop. If public perception is influenced by claims that the use of cancer immunotherapies is unsafe, whether related to our therapies or those of our competitors, our products may not be accepted by the general public or the medical community. Future adverse events in immuno-oncology or the biopharmaceutical industry generally could also result in greater governmental regulation and stricter labeling requirements. 
 If any one of our product candidates is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by patients, physicians and third-party payors, we may not generate sufficient revenue to become or remain profitable and our business may be harmed. 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, they will remain subject to ongoing regulatory oversight. 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, they will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling and record-keeping. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, regulations and GCPs, for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval, all of which may result in significant expense and limit our ability to commercialize such products. In addition, any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates may also be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. For example, prescription drugs may be promoted only for the approved indications in accordance with the approved label. However, physicians may, in their independent medical judgment, prescribe legally available products for off-label uses. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments, but the FDA does restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. Companies may only share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with a product s FDA approved labeling. The FDA may also require a REMS as a condition of approval of our product candidates, which could include requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. 
 The FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. Moreover, if there are changes in the application of legislation or regulatory policies, or if problems are discovered with a product or our manufacture of a product, or if we or one of our distributors, licensees or co-marketers fails to comply with regulatory requirements, the regulators could take various actions. These include: 
 issuing warning or untitled letters; 

seeking an injunction or imposing civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; 

suspension or imposition of restrictions on operations, including product manufacturing; 

seizure or detention of products, refusal to permit the import or export of products or request that we initiate a product recall; 

42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 suspension or withdrawal of our marketing authorizations; 

suspension of any ongoing clinical trials; 

refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to applications submitted by us; or 

requiring us to conduct additional clinical trials, change our product labeling or submit additional applications for marketing authorization. 

If any of these events occurs, our ability to sell such product may be impaired, and we may incur substantial additional expense to comply with regulatory requirements, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If any of our product candidates are approved for marketing and commercialization and we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market our product candidates, we will be unable to successfully commercialize our product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 We have no sales, marketing or distribution capabilities or experience. To achieve commercial success for any approved product for which we retain sales and marketing responsibilities, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization, which would be expensive and time consuming, or outsource these functions to other third parties. In the future, we may choose to build a focused sales and marketing infrastructure to sell, or participate in sales activities with our collaborators for some of our product candidates if and when they are approved. 
 There are risks involved with both establishing our own sales and marketing capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time-consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. 
 Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize our product candidates on our own include: 
 our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future product candidates; 

the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 

If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing and distribution services, our product revenues or the profitability of these product revenues to us are likely to be lower than if we were to market and sell any products that we develop ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell and market our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. In entering into third-party marketing or distribution arrangements, any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of the third parties and we cannot assure you that such third parties will establish adequate sales and distribution capabilities or devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our product candidates effectively. If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates. 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union could adversely affect us. 
 The United Kingdom held a referendum on June 23, 2016, in which a majority voted for the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union, or Brexit. As a result of this vote, the United Kingdom left the European Union on January 31, 2020, commonly referred to as Brexit. Pursuant to the formal withdrawal arrangements agreed between the United Kingdom and the European Union, the United Kingdom was subject to a transition period until December 31, 2020 (the Transition Period ), during which European Union rules continued to apply. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement, or the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which outlines the future trading relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union was agreed in December 2020, provisionally applied from January 1, 2021, and became formally effective on May 1, 2021. The effects of Brexit have been and will continue to be far-reaching. Brexit and the perceptions as to its impact may adversely affect business activity and economic conditions in Europe and globally and could continue to contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets. Since a significant proportion of the regulatory framework in the United Kingdom applicable to our business and our product candidates is derived from European Union directives and regulations, Brexit has had, and will continue to have, a material impact upon the regulatory regime with respect to the development, manufacture, importation, approval and commercialization of our product candidates in the United Kingdom and in the European Union (given that certain development activities relating to our products take place in the United Kingdom). For example, Great Britain is no longer covered by the centralized procedures for obtaining European Union wide marketing authorization from the EMA and a separate marketing authorization will therefore be required to market our product candidates in Great Britain. 
 Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, any marketing approvals, as a result of Brexit or otherwise, could make it more difficult to commercialize, or prevent us from commercializing our product candidates in the European Union or in the United Kingdom and restrict our ability to generate revenue and achieve and sustain profitability. While the Trade and Cooperation Agreement provides for the tariff-free trade of medicinal products between the United Kingdom and the European Union, there may be additional non-tariff costs to such trade which did not exist prior to the end of the Transition Period. Further, should the United Kingdom further diverge from the European Union from a regulatory perspective in relation to medicinal products, tariffs could be put into place in the future. The Retained EU Law (Revocation and Reform) Bill 2022, which is currently progressing through the Parliament of the United Kingdom and seeks to allow the Government of the United Kingdom to repeal or replace certain European Union law that was incorporated into United Kingdom law effective as of the end of the Transition Period, increases the likelihood of such divergence. We could therefore, both now and in the future, face significant additional expenses (when compared to the position prior to the end of the Transition Period) to operate our business, which could significantly and materially harm or delay our ability to generate revenues or achieve profitability of our business. 
 Any further changes in international trade, tariff and import/export regulations as a result of Brexit or otherwise may impose unexpected duty costs or other non-tariff barriers on us. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between the impacted nations and the United Kingdom. 
 Other European Union Member States may seek to conduct referenda with respect to their continuing membership in the European Union. Given these possibilities and others we may not anticipate, as well as the lack of comparable precedent, we cannot be certain of the full extent to which Brexit could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We do not have our own manufacturing capabilities and rely on third parties to produce clinical and commercial supplies of BDC-1001 and our other current and future product candidates. 
 We have limited experience in drug formulation and manufacturing and do not own or operate, and we do not expect to own or operate facilities for drug manufacturing, storage, distribution or testing. We have entered into supply agreements with Piramal Healthcare UK Ltd, or Piramal, to manufacture drug substance and drug product and EirGenix, Inc., pursuant to which we agreed to purchase monoclonal antibodies, including a biosimilar of trastuzumab, for our Boltbody ISAC BDC-1001. We have entered into supply agreements with Samsung Biologics Co., Ltd., or SBL, to manufacture monoclonal antibodies for our BDC-3042 program. Our current third-party CMOs may be unable or unwilling to supply us with sufficient clinical and commercial grade quantities of our clinical materials due to production shortages or other supply interruptions resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, because they are purchased by one of our competitors or another company that decides not to continue supplying us with these materials, or for other reasons. If one or more of these events occur and we are unable to timely establish an alternate supply from one or more third-party CMOs, we could experience delays in our development efforts as we locate and qualify new manufacturers. Under such circumstances, we may be required to receive drug substance for use on a purchase order basis, and as such, there can be no assurance that we actually receive sufficient quantities. See also the risk factor titled Our business, operations and clinical development plans and timelines and supply chain could be adversely affected by the effects of health epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, on the manufacturing, clinical trial and other business activities performed by us or by third parties with whom we conduct business, including our CMOs, CROs, shippers and others. 
 Further, our reliance on third-party manufacturers exposes us to risks beyond our control, including the risk of: 
 inability to meet our product specifications and quality requirements consistently; 

delay or inability to procure or expand sufficient manufacturing capacity; 

manufacturing and quality issues, including related to scale-up of manufacturing; 

costs and validation of new equipment and facilities required for additional scale-up; 

failure of the manufacturer to comply with cGMP and similar foreign standards; 

inability to negotiate manufacturing agreements with third parties on commercially reasonable terms; 

termination or nonrenewal of manufacturing agreements with third parties in a manner or at a time that is costly or damaging to us; 

reliance on a limited number of sources, and in some cases, single sources for components, such that if we are unable to secure a sufficient supply of these drug components, we will be unable to manufacture and sell BDC-1001 or other product candidates in a timely fashion, in sufficient quantities or under acceptable terms; 

lack of qualified backup suppliers for those components that are currently purchased from a sole or single source supplier; 

operations of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers could be disrupted by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including the bankruptcy of the manufacturer or supplier or the issuance of a FDA Form 483 notice or warning letter; 

carrier disruptions or increased costs that are beyond our control; 

failure to deliver our products under specified storage conditions and in a timely manner; and 

other events or factors, including those resulting from geopolitical events, or responses to these events. 

45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Some of these events could be the basis for FDA action, including injunction, recall, seizure or total or partial suspension of production. In addition, our third-party manufacturers and suppliers are subject to FDA inspection from time to time. Failure by our third-party manufacturers and suppliers to pass such inspections and otherwise satisfactorily complete the FDA approval regimen with respect to our product candidate may result in regulatory actions such as the issuance of FDA Form 483 notices of observations, warning letters or injunctions or the loss of operating licenses. In addition, our third-party manufacturers and suppliers are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of waste products, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for such third parties. Based on the severity of the regulatory action, our clinical or commercial supply of drug and packaging and other services could be interrupted or limited, which could harm our business. 
 In addition, our CMOs are or may be engaged with other companies to supply and manufacture materials or products for such companies, which also exposes our suppliers and manufacturers to regulatory risks for the production of such materials and products. As a result, failure to meet the regulatory requirements for the production of those materials and products may also affect the regulatory clearance of a contract supplier s or manufacturer s facility. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory agency does not approve these facilities for the supply or manufacture of our product candidates, or if it withdraws its approval in the future, we may need to find alternative supply or manufacturing facilities, which would negatively impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval of or market our product candidates, if approved. 
 As we prepare for later-stage clinical trials and potential commercialization, we will need to take steps to increase the scale of production of our product candidates, which may include transferring production to new third-party suppliers or manufacturers. In order to conduct larger or late-stage scale clinical trials for our product candidates and supply sufficient commercial quantities of the resulting drug product and its components, if that product candidate is approved for sale, our CMOs and suppliers will need to produce our product candidates in larger quantities, more cost effectively and, in certain cases, at higher yields than they currently achieve. These third-party contractors may not be able to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for any such product candidates in a timely or cost-effective manner or at all. Significant scale up of manufacturing may require additional processes, technologies and validation studies, which are costly, may not be successful and which the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities must review and approve. In addition, quality issues may arise during those scale-up activities because of the inherent properties of a product candidate itself or of a product candidate in combination with other components added during the manufacturing and packaging process, or during shipping and storage of the active pharmaceutical ingredients or the finished product. If our third-party CMOs are unable to successfully scale up the manufacture of any of our product candidates in sufficient quality and quantity and at commercially reasonable prices, and we are unable to find one or more replacement suppliers or manufacturers capable of production at a substantially equivalent cost in substantially equivalent volumes and quality, and we are unable to successfully transfer the processes on a timely basis, the development of that product candidate and regulatory approval or commercial launch for any resulting products may be delayed, or there may be a shortage in supply, either of which could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Any of these events could lead to clinical trial delays, failure to obtain regulatory approval or impact our ability to successfully commercialize any potential future product candidates. 
 We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and if these third parties perform in an unsatisfactory manner, our business could be substantially harmed. 
 We intend to conduct our future clinical trials using our own clinical resources while also leveraging expertise and assistance from CROs as appropriate. We do not currently have the ability to independently conduct large-scale clinical trials, such as a Phase 3 clinical trial, without outside assistance. 
 We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon medical institutions, clinical investigators, contract laboratories and other third parties, such as CROs, to conduct or assist us in conducting GCP-compliant clinical trials on our product candidates properly and on time and may not currently have all of the necessary contractual relationships in place to do so. Once we have established contractual relationships with such third-party CROs, we will have only limited control over their actual performance of these activities. 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We and our CROs and other vendors are required to comply with current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, good clinical practice, or GCP, and good laboratory practice, or GLP, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Union and any comparable foreign regulatory authorities for all of our product candidates in preclinical and clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these regulations through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators, clinical trial sites and other contractors. Although we rely on CROs to conduct any current or planned GLP-compliant preclinical studies and GCP-compliant clinical trials and have limited influence over their actual performance, we remain responsible for ensuring that each of our preclinical studies and clinical trials is conducted in accordance with its investigational plan and protocol and applicable laws and regulations, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. If we or any of our CROs or vendors fail to comply with applicable regulations, the data generated in our preclinical studies and clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA, EMA, MHRA or any comparable foreign regulatory agency may require us to perform additional preclinical studies and clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory agency, such regulatory agency will determine that all of our clinical trials comply with GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with products produced under cGMP requirements. Our failure to comply with these requirements may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 
 While we will have agreements governing their activities, our CROs will not be our employees, and we will not be able to control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our future preclinical and clinical programs. These CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials, or other drug development activities which could harm our business. We face the risk of potential unauthorized disclosure, infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property by CROs, which may reduce our trade secret protection and allow our potential competitors, and other third parties, to access and exploit our proprietary technology. CROs also may use our proprietary information and intellectual property in such a way as to invite litigation or other intellectual property-related proceedings that could jeopardize or invalidate our proprietary information and intellectual property. If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations, fail to meet expected deadlines or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for any other reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize any product candidate that we develop. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for any product candidate that we develop would be harmed, our costs could increase, and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 
 If our relationships with these CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding additional CROs involves substantial cost and requires management time and focus and could delay development and commercialization of our product candidates. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can negatively impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we intend to carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a negative impact on our business and financial condition. 
 If we are not able to maintain our current collaborations and establish further collaborations, we may have to alter some of our future development and commercialization plans. 
 We have established collaboration agreements with third parties to develop our current and potential future product candidates. These include our collaborations with Toray Industries, Inc., or Toray, Genmab A/S, or Genmab, Innovent Biologics, Inc., or Innovent, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, or BMS, and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, or Roche. We may enter into other collaboration agreements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for the future development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. We will likely have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to the development or commercialization of any product candidates we may seek to develop with them. We cannot predict the success of any collaboration that we have entered into or will enter into. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators, and a number of more established companies may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, financial resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical trials, the likelihood of approval by the FDA, EMA, MHRA or similar foreign regulatory authorities, the potential market for the subject product candidate, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients, competing products, the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge, and industry and market conditions generally. The collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. We may also be restricted under future license agreements from entering into agreements on certain terms with potential collaborators. Collaborations are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. 
 We may not be able to negotiate further collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license to intellectual property of interest, we may not be able to secure exclusive rights, in which case others could use the same rights and compete with us. Our existing collaboration partners may not prioritize our product candidates or otherwise not effectively pursue the development of our product candidates which may delay, reduce or terminate the development of such product candidate, reduce or delay its development program or delay its potential commercialization. Further if we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain and protect the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to delay, reduce or terminate the development of such product candidate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. Doing so will likely harm our ability to execute our business plans. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance 
 Enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the prices we may charge for such product candidates. 
 The United States and many foreign jurisdictions have enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the Affordable Care Act, was enacted, which includes measures that have significantly changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers. There have been executive, judicial and congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, it has enacted laws that modify certain provisions of the Affordable Care Act such as removing penalties, starting January 1, 2019, for not complying with the Affordable Care Act s individual mandate to carry health insurance. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Further, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in Affordable Care Act marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to judicial or congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the Affordable Care Act. 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. For example, in August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals in spending reductions. The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction, which triggered the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of, on average, 2 per fiscal year until 2031, unless Congress takes additional action. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. 
 Recently, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. presidential executive orders, congressional inquiries and legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. For example, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. Further, the IRA, among other things (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. Additionally, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control costs pharmaceutical and biological products. 
 We expect that the healthcare reform measures that have been adopted and may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product and could seriously harm our future revenues. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. 
 Our business operations and current and future relationships with investigators, health care professionals, consultants, third-party payors and customers will be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws and other healthcare laws and regulations. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 Although we do not currently have any products on the market, our operations may be, directly or indirectly subject to various U.S. federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the U.S. federal civil and criminal false claims laws and the Physician Payments Sunshine Act and regulations. Healthcare providers and others play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any products for which we obtain marketing approval. These laws may impact, among other things, our current business operations, including our clinical research activities, and proposed sales, marketing and education programs and constrain the business of financial arrangements and relationships with healthcare providers and other parties through which we may market, sell and distribute our products for which we obtain marketing approval. In addition, we may be subject to patient data privacy and security regulation by both the U.S. federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. Finally, we may be subject to additional healthcare, statutory and regulatory requirements and enforcement by foreign regulatory authorities in jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 
 the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or certain rebates), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under U.S. federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the U.S. federal false claims, including the False Claims Act, which can be enforced through whistleblower actions, and civil monetary penalties laws, which, among other things, impose criminal and civil penalties against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the U.S. federal government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act; 

the U.S. federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services; similar to the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, and as amended again by the Modifications to the HIPAA Privacy, Security, Enforcement and Breach Notification Rules Under HITECH and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act; Other Modifications to the HIPAA Rules, commonly referred to as the Final HIPAA Omnibus Rule, published in January 2013, which imposes certain obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization by covered entities subject to the Final HIPAA Omnibus Rule, i.e. health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers, as well as their business associates that perform certain services for or on their behalf involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information and their covered subcontractors, 

the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices; 

the U.S. federal legislation commonly referred to as Physician Payments Sunshine Act, enacted as part of the Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services information related to certain payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physicians assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members; 

analogous state laws and regulations, including: state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require drug manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts; and 

European and other foreign law equivalents of each of the laws, including reporting requirements detailing interactions with and payments to healthcare providers. 

50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental laws and regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from U.S. government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, disgorgement, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws and the delay, reduction, termination or restructuring of our operations. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly and time-consuming, and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to not be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs and imprisonment. If any of the above occur, it could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 We are subject to stringent and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, industry standards, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy and data protection obligations could lead to government investigations or enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation, reputational harm and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. 
 We and our collaborators and third-party providers may be subject to federal, state and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including federal health information privacy laws, state data breach notification laws, proposed cybersecurity rules from the SEC, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), that govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our collaborators and third-party providers. 
 In many jurisdictions, enforcement actions and consequences for noncompliance are rising. If we fail to follow security regulations or standards, even if no customer information is compromised, we may incur significant fines or experience a significant increase in costs. Many state legislatures have adopted legislation that regulates how businesses operate online, including measures relating to privacy, data security and data breaches. Laws in all 50 states require businesses to provide notice to customers whose personally identifiable information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. The laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly. 
 For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA applies to personal information of consumers, business representatives, and employees, and requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA provides for civil penalties of up to 7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. Although the CCPA exempts some data processed in the context of clinical trials, the CCPA increases compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal data we maintain about California residents. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA expands the CCPA s requirements, including by adding a new right for individuals to correct their personal information and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. 
 Other states, such as Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut have also passed comprehensive privacy laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. While these states, like the CCPA, also exempt some data processed in the context of clinical trials, these developments further complicate compliance efforts, and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely. 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards may govern data privacy and security. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR ), the United Kingdom s GDPR UK GDPR ), and the Personal Information Protection Act, or the PIPA, in South Korea, impose strict requirements for processing personal data. Under the EU GDPR, companies may face temporary or definitive bans on data processing and other corrective actions; fines of up to 20 million Euros or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater; or private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom (UK) have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s standard contractual clauses, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. 
 If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the UK or other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activist groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 In addition to data privacy and security laws, we contractually may be subject to industry standards adopted by industry groups and may become subject to such obligations in the future. We are also bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. 
 If we or the third parties on which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-action claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; orders to destroy or not use personal data; and imprisonment of company officials. 
 Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of collaborators or subjects; interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including clinical trials); interruptions or stoppages of data collection; inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or substantial changes to our business model or operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain, maintain and protect sufficient patent and other intellectual property rights for our product candidates and technology, or if the scope of patent and other intellectual property rights obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. 
 Our success depends in significant part on our ability and the ability of our licensors and collaborators to obtain, maintain, enforce and defend patents and other intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates and technology and to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others. We have licensed two patent estates from The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University, or Stanford. For more information, see Business License and Collaboration Agreements. In addition, we have filed patent applications that are solely owned by us or co-owned by us with Stanford and for which Stanford has granted us an exclusive license to its rights. As of December 31, 2022, we have five issued patents, namely three U.S. patents, one Japanese patent, and one Chinese patent that are co-owned with, and exclusively licensed to us by Stanford. Many of our patent applications that we own, co-own with Stanford, or have licensed from Stanford are U.S. provisional patent applications. A U.S. provisional patent application is not eligible to become an issued patent until, among other things, we file a non-provisional patent application within 12 months of filing of the provisional patent application. With regard to such U.S. provisional patent applications, if we or our licensors do not timely file any non-provisional patent applications, we may lose our priority dates with respect to our provisional patent applications and any patent protection on the inventions disclosed in our provisional patent applications. While we intend to timely file non-provisional patent applications relating to our provisional patent applications, we cannot predict whether any such patent applications will result in the issuance of patents that provide us with any competitive advantage. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming. We and our current or future licensors, licensees or collaborators may not be able to prepare, file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we or our licensors will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output in time to obtain patent protection or fail to file patent applications covering inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before a competitor or another third party files a patent application covering, or publishes information disclosing, a similar, independently-developed invention. Such competitor s or other third party s patent application may pose obstacles to our ability to obtain patent protection or limit the scope of the patent protection we may obtain. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. In addition, publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications or were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and is the subject of much litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our and our current or future licensors patent rights are uncertain. Our and our licensors pending, and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect our technology or product candidates, in whole or in part, or which effectively exclude others from commercializing competitive technologies and product candidates. The patent examination process may require us or our licensors to narrow the scope of the claims of our pending and future patent applications, and therefore, even if such patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our and our licensors patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless and until a patent issues from such applications, and then only to the extent the issued claims cover such technology. Any patents that we hold, or in-license may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented or invalidated by third parties. Consequently, we do not know whether any of our product candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The patent protection we obtain for our product candidates and technology may be challenged or not sufficient to provide us with any competitive advantage. 
 Even if our owned or licensed patent applications issue as patents, the issuance of any such patents is not conclusive as to their inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and such patents may be challenged, invalidated, narrowed or held to be unenforceable, including in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad, or circumvented. We may be subject to a third party preissuance submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, or equivalent foreign bodies, or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, re-examination, post-grant and inter partes review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. Moreover, we, or one of our licensors, may have to participate in interference or derivation proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine priority or ownership of invention or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge priority of invention or other features of patentability. Such proceedings and any other patent challenges may result in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, loss of priority or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and product candidates. Such proceedings also may result in substantial costs and require significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Moreover, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other developments related to any of the foregoing proceedings. If securities analysts or investors perceive those results to be negative, it could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline. Any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Moreover, some of our owned or in-licensed patents and patent applications are, and may in the future be, co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such co-owners interest in such patents or patent applications, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, who could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. 
 In addition, our owned and in-licensed patents may be subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties. For example, our licenses to certain intellectual property owned by Stanford are subject to certain rights Stanford retained for itself and for other non-profit research institutions. In addition, the technology claimed by the patents that we licensed from Stanford was developed using U.S. government funding. As a result, the U.S. government has certain rights to such patent rights and technology, including march-in rights and a non-exclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention for noncommercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties or allow third parties to use our licensed technology. The government can also exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the government-funded technology, or to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the United States. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are heavily dependent on licensed intellectual property. If we were to lose our rights to licensed intellectual property, we may not be able to continue developing or commercializing our product candidates, if approved. If we breach any of the agreements under which we license the use, development and commercialization rights to our product candidates or technology from third parties or, in certain cases, we fail to meet certain development deadlines, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 We are heavily reliant upon licenses to certain patent rights and other intellectual property from third parties that are important or necessary to the development of our product candidates, including BDC-1001. For example, in May 2015 and June 2018 we entered into license agreements with Stanford under which we are granted rights to intellectual property that are necessary to the development and commercialization of BDC-1001 or are otherwise important to our business. We may also need to obtain additional licenses to advance the development and commercialization of our current product candidates and other product candidates we may develop. It is possible that we may be unable to obtain any additional licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, or at all, or such licenses may be non-exclusive. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our technology, product candidates or the methods for manufacturing them or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be feasible on a technical or commercial basis. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected product candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects significantly. 
 Our existing license agreements with Stanford impose, and we expect that future license agreements will impose, upon us various development, regulatory and/or commercial diligence obligations, obligations to make milestone or royalty payments or to share revenues and other obligations. If we fail to comply with our obligations under these agreements, or we are subject to a bankruptcy-related event, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, and if they exercise that right we would not be able to develop, market, or otherwise commercialize our technology and product candidates covered by the license, which in the case of our 2015 license agreement with Stanford includes BDC-1001. Our business could suffer, for example, if any current or future licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. 
 Licensing of intellectual property is of critical importance to our business and involves complex legal, business and scientific issues, and certain provisions in intellectual property license agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. Disputes may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the license agreement; 

our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties; 

our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the inventorship or ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; 

the priority of invention of patented technology; 

our right to transfer or assign the license; and 

the effects of termination. 

The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 
 We may enter into additional licenses to third-party intellectual property that are necessary or useful to our business. Under some license agreements, such as under the Toray Agreement, Genmab Agreement, and Innovent Agreement, we may not control the preparation, filing, prosecution or maintenance of the licensed intellectual property, or may not have the first right to enforce the intellectual property. In those cases, we may not be able to adequately influence patent prosecution or enforcement or prevent inadvertent lapses of coverage due to failure to pay maintenance fees and we cannot be certain that these patents and patent applications will be prepared, filed, prosecuted, maintained, enforced, and defended in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business and that does not compromise the patent rights. If we fail to comply with any of our obligations under a current or future license agreement, the licensor may allege that we have breached our license agreement and may accordingly seek to terminate our license. Termination of any of our current or future licenses could result in our loss of the right to use the licensed intellectual property, which could materially adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize a product candidate or product, if approved, as well as harm our competitive business position and our business prospects. Under some license agreements, termination may also result in the transfer or granting of rights under certain of our intellectual property and information related to the product candidate being developed under the license, such as regulatory information. If these licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, third parties, including our competitors, may have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours. In addition, we may seek to obtain additional licenses from our licensors and, in connection with obtaining such licenses, we may agree to amend our existing licenses in a manner that may be more favorable to the licensors, including by agreeing to terms that could enable third parties, including our competitors, to receive licenses to a portion of the intellectual property that is subject to our existing licenses. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 In addition, if our licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensors fail to prevent infringement, misappropriation or violation of the licensed intellectual property by third parties, if the licensed intellectual property or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms, our business, competitive position, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 Because we rely on third parties to develop and manufacture our product candidates, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, collaborative research agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, such as trade secrets. Despite these contractual agreements with third parties, sharing trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor s discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may harm our business. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, these agreements typically restrict the ability of our advisors, employees, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets, although our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, our competitors may discover our trade secrets, either through breach of our agreements with third parties, independent development or publication of information by any of our third-party collaborators. A competitor s discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful, and issued patents covering our technology and product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 
 Competitors and other third parties may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our issued patents or other intellectual property or the patents or other intellectual property of our licensors. In addition, our patents or the patents of our licensors may become involved in inventorship or priority disputes. Our pending patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless and until patents issue from such applications. To counter infringement or other unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents or that our patents are invalid or unenforceable. In a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could result in one or more of our owned or licensed patents being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. We may find it impractical or undesirable to enforce our intellectual property against some third parties. 
 In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, non-enablement or insufficient written description. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO or made a misleading statement during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar claims before the USPTO or an equivalent foreign body, even outside the context of litigation. Potential proceedings include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions e.g. , opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in the revocation of, cancellation of, or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our technology or any product candidates that we may develop. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on the applicable product candidates or technology covered by the patent rendered invalid or unenforceable. Such a loss of patent protection would materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Interference or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the ownership or priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or may be non-exclusive. If we are unable to obtain and maintain such licenses, we may need to cease the development, manufacture and commercialization of one or more of the product candidates we may develop. In addition, if we or our licensors are unsuccessful in any inventorship disputes to which we or they are subject, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or the exclusive right to use, our owned or in-licensed patents. The loss of exclusivity or the narrowing of our owned and licensed patent claims could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Even if we are successful in any of the foregoing disputes, it could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation or proceeding. 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Most of our competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater resources. They are, therefore, likely to be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property. Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims could result in substantial costs and diversion of management resources, which could harm our business. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could compromise our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our internal research programs or in-license needed technology or other product candidates. There could also be public announcements of the results of the hearing, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive those results to be negative, it could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline. Any of the foregoing events could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patents and other intellectual property rights on our product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection or other intellectual property rights to develop their own products and may export otherwise infringing, misappropriating or violating products to territories where we have patent or other intellectual property protection, but enforcement rights are not as strong as those in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property rights, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. 
 Many countries, including European Union Member States, India, Japan, and China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled under specified circumstances to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to a third-party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We may not identify relevant third-party patents or may incorrectly interpret the relevance, scope or expiration of a third-party patent which might adversely affect our ability to develop and market our product candidates. 
 We cannot guarantee that any of our or our licensors patent searches or analyses, including the identification of relevant patents, the scope of patent claims or the expiration of relevant patents, are complete or thorough, nor can we be certain that we have identified each and every third-party patent and pending patent application in the United States and abroad that is relevant to or necessary for the commercialization of our product candidates in any jurisdiction. For example, U.S. patent applications filed before November 29, 2000, and certain U.S. patent applications filed after that date that will not be filed outside the United States remain confidential until patents issue. Patent applications in the United States and elsewhere are published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Therefore, patent applications covering our product candidates could have been filed by third parties without our knowledge. Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our product candidates or the use of our product candidates. The scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of a patent or a pending application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market our product candidates. We may incorrectly determine that our product candidates are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party s pending application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our product candidates. Our failure to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our product candidates. 
 If we fail to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents or if we are unable to obtain licenses to relevant patents, we may be subject to infringement claims. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such infringement claims. If we fail in any such dispute, in addition to being forced to pay damages, which may be significant, we may be temporarily or permanently prohibited from commercializing any of our product candidates that are held to be infringing. We might, if possible, also be forced to redesign product candidates so that we no longer infringe the third-party intellectual property rights. Any of these events, even if we were ultimately to prevail, could require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we are unable to obtain licenses from third parties on commercially reasonable terms or fail to comply with our obligations under such agreements, our business could be harmed. 
 It may be necessary for us to use the patented or proprietary technology of third parties to commercialize our products, in which case we would be required to obtain a license from these third parties. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. If we are unable to license such technology or if we are forced to license such technology, on unfavorable terms, our business could be materially harmed. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected product candidates, which could materially harm our business, and the third parties owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under our license agreements, our counterparties may have the right to terminate these agreements, in which event we might not be able to develop, manufacture or market, or may be forced to cease developing, manufacturing or marketing, any product that is covered by these agreements or may face other penalties under such agreements. Such an occurrence could materially adversely affect the value of the product candidate being developed under any such agreement. Termination of these agreements or reduction or elimination of our rights under these agreements may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements with less favorable terms, cause us to lose our rights under these agreements, including our rights to important intellectual property or technology, or impede, delay or prohibit the further development or commercialization of one or more product candidates that rely on such agreements. For more information on risks related to our licensing of intellectual property, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property We are heavily dependent on licensed intellectual property. If we were to lose our rights to licensed intellectual property, we may not be able to continue developing or commercializing our product candidates, if approved. If we breach any of the agreements under which we license the use, development and commercialization rights to our product candidates or technology from third parties or, in certain cases, we fail to meet certain development deadlines, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect the competitive position of our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product candidate, we may be open to competition from competitive medications, including generic medications. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such product candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to ours. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and conditions of any FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, and one or more of our foreign patents may be eligible for patent term extension or similar extensions to protection provided by such patents under similar legislation in other jurisdictions, for example, in the European Union a supplementary protection certificate, or SPC, is available to extend the protection afforded to a specific product covered by a patent for maximum of five years (unless extended by six months if trials are completed in accordance with an agreed pediatric investigation plan). In the United States, the Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension of up to five years for a patent covering an approved product as compensation for effective patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, there are no assurances that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority or national patent office will grant such extensions, in whole or in part. For example, we may not receive an extension if we fail to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the length of the extension could be less than we request. Only one patent per approved product can be extended, the extension cannot extend the total patent term beyond 14 years from approval, and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we can enforce our patent rights for the applicable product candidate will be shortened, and our competitors may obtain approval to market competing products sooner. As a result, our revenue from applicable products could be reduced. Further, if this occurs, our competitors may take advantage of our investment in development and trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case, and our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 
 Obtaining and enforcing patents in the pharmaceutical industry is inherently uncertain, due in part to ongoing changes in the patent laws. Depending on decisions by Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO and equivalent institutions in other jurisdictions, the laws and regulations governing patents, and interpretation thereof, could change in unpredictable ways that could weaken our and our licensors or collaborators ability to obtain new patents or to enforce existing or future patents. For example, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. Therefore, there is increased uncertainty with regard to our and our licensors or collaborators ability to obtain patents in the future, as well as uncertainty with respect to the value of patents once obtained. 
 Recent patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our and our licensors or collaborators patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our or our licensors or collaborators issued patents. Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled to the patent. After March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, enacted in September 2011, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. The Leahy-Smith Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO-administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review and derivation proceedings. The USPTO recently developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, particularly the first inventor-to-file provisions. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our or our licensors patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our or our licensors issued patents, all of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated if we fail to comply with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other government fees on any issued patents and applications are required to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of a patent. In certain circumstances, we rely on our licensors to pay these fees. The USPTO and various foreign patent agencies also require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar requirements during the patent application and prosecution process. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include failure to respond to official communications within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in irrevocable abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If we or our licensors or collaborators fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our product candidates, our competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or technology, which would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could negatively impact the success of our business. 
 Our commercial success depends upon our ability and the ability of our collaborators to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property and other proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. We may become party to, or be threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates and technology, including re-examination, interference, post-grant review, inter partes review or derivation proceedings before the USPTO or an equivalent foreign body. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. For example, we are aware of certain third-party patents, including those of our competitors, that may be construed to cover the use of our Boltbody ISACs for the treatment of cancer and of pending patent applications that, if issued with their current claim scope, may be construed to cover our Boltbody ISAC approach and product candidates more generally. In the event that any of these patents were asserted against us, we believe that we would have defenses against any such action, including that such patents are not valid or that we would be able to replace such technology with alternative, non-infringing technology. However, if any such patents were to be asserted against us and our defenses to such assertion were unsuccessful and such alternative technology was not available or technologically or commercially practical, unless we obtain a license to such patents, we could be liable for damages, which could be significant and include treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to willfully infringe such patents, and we could be precluded from commercializing any product candidates that were ultimately held to infringe such patents. Any potential future legal proceedings relating to these patents could cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. If we are unsuccessful in our challenges to these patents and become subject to litigation or are unable to obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms with respect to these patents, it could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future, regardless of their merit. Even if we believe third-party intellectual property claims are without merit, there is no assurance that a court would find in our favor on questions of infringement, validity, enforceability or priority. A court of competent jurisdiction could hold that third-party patents asserted against us are valid, enforceable and infringed, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to commercialize any product candidates we may develop and any other product candidates or technologies covered by the asserted third-party patents. In order to successfully challenge the validity of any such U.S. patent in federal court, we would need to overcome a presumption of validity. As this burden is a high one requiring us to present clear and convincing evidence as to the invalidity of any such U.S. patent claim, there is no assurance that a court of competent jurisdiction would invalidate the claims of any such U.S. patent. If we are found to infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate a third party s intellectual property rights, and we are unsuccessful in demonstrating that such rights are invalid or unenforceable, we could be required to obtain a license from such a third party in order to continue developing and marketing our products and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us, and it could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product candidates. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties and other fees, redesign our infringing drug or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. Any of the foregoing events would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that we or our employees have infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights, or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Many of our employees were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, we or our licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our owned or in-licensed patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. While it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact conceives, develops or reduces to practice intellectual property that we regard as our own. Our and their assignment agreements may not be self-executing or may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. 
 If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs, delay development of our product candidates and be a distraction to management. Any of the foregoing events would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Intellectual property litigation could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace, including compromising our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties or enter into development collaborations that would help us commercialize our product candidates, if approved. Any of the foregoing events would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 We rely on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information and to maintain our competitive position. With respect to our Boltbody ISAC approach and development programs, we consider trade secrets and know-how to be one of our important sources of intellectual property, including our extensive knowledge of certain drug delivery techniques and antibody conjugation. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or has had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third-party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third-party, our competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We may not be able to protect and enforce our trademarks and trade names or build name recognition in our markets of interest thereby harming our competitive position. 
 We intend to rely on both registered and common law rights for our trademarks. We have not yet registered certain of our trademarks in all of our potential markets, including our Boltbody and Bolt Biotherapeutics trademarks. We are currently applying to register these trademarks with the USPTO and may in the future seek to register additional trademarks in the United States and other countries. Our current and future trademark applications may not be allowed for registration in a timely fashion or at all, and our registered trademarks may not be maintained or enforced. In addition, the registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names that we own may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic, lapsed or determined to infringe on or dilutive of other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. In addition, third parties have filed, and may in the future file, for registration of trademarks similar or identical to our trademarks, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. If they succeed in registering or developing common law rights in such trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging such rights, we may not be able to use these trademarks to develop brand recognition of our technologies, products or services. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. 
 During the trademark registration process, we may receive Office Actions from the USPTO or from comparable agencies in foreign jurisdictions objecting to the registration of our trademark. Although we would be given an opportunity to respond to those objections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and/or to seek the cancellation of registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may in the future be filed against our trademark applications or registrations, and our trademark applications or registrations may not survive such proceedings. In addition, third parties may file first for our trademarks in certain countries. If they succeed in registering such trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging such third-party rights, we may not be able to use these trademarks to market our products in those countries. If we do not secure registrations for our trademarks, we may encounter more difficulty in enforcing them against third parties than we otherwise would. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make products that are similar to any product candidates we may develop or utilize similar technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or license now or in the future; 

we, or our current or future licensors, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we own or license now or in the future; 

we, or our current or future licensors, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our owned or licensed intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our pending owned or licensed patent applications or those that we may own or license in the future will not lead to issued patents; 

issued patents that we hold rights to may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in the United States under FDA-related safe harbor patent infringement exemptions and/or in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the patents of others may harm our business; and 

we may choose not to file a patent in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such intellectual property. 

Should any of these events occur, they could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Our Business Operations, Employee Matters and Managing Growth 
 Our business, operations and clinical development plans and timelines and supply chain could be adversely affected by macroeconomic uncertainties, including those related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, on the manufacturing, clinical trial and other business activities performed by us or by third parties with whom we conduct business, including our CMOs, CROs, shippers and others. 
 Our business has been, and is expected to continue to be, impacted by widespread macroeconomic uncertainties, including increased inflation and interest rates, recessionary fears, financial and credit market fluctuations, changes in economic policy, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, global supply chain constraints, and recent and potential disruptions in access to bank deposits or lending commitments due to bank failures. Such macroeconomic uncertainties may continue for an extended period and have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, many aspects of our business. Our business has been, and may continue to be, impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic consequences. At present, we have implemented a flexible work-from-home policy allowing employees to work from home in jobs where that is reasonable. The effects of our work-from-home policies may negatively impact productivity, disrupt our business and delay our clinical programs and timelines. 
 We are dependent on a global supply chain for products to be used in our clinical trials and, if approved by the regulatory authorities, for commercialization. Current macroeconomic uncertainties, including the effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could impact personnel at third-party manufacturing facilities in the United States and other countries, or the availability or cost of materials or supplies, which could disrupt our supply chain or our ability to enroll patients in or perform testing for our clinical trials. For example, any manufacturing supply interruption of BDC-1001, which is currently manufactured at facilities in the United Kingdom and the United States, or any future product candidates, could adversely affect our ability to conduct ongoing and future clinical trials of BDC-1001 and any future product candidates. 
 The ultimate impact of the current macroeconomic conditions remains highly uncertain and could have a material impact on our operations, and we will continue to monitor global economic conditions closely. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain key employees, consultants and advisors and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 
 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive immuno-oncology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial and scientific personnel. We are highly dependent on the management, research and development, clinical, financial and business development expertise of our executive officers, as well as the other members of our scientific and clinical teams. Although we have employment offer letters with each of our executive officers, each of them may terminate their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain key person insurance for any of our executives or employees. 
 Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and clinical personnel and, if we are successful in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates, sales and marketing personnel, is critical to our success. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other key employees could impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval for and commercialize our product candidates. 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Competition to hire qualified personnel in our industry is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. This competitive situation has become exacerbated by the increase in employee resignations currently taking place throughout the United States, in part as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which is commonly referred to as the great resignation. We have experienced significant unwanted employee attrition which we believe has been due to such competition, and we may continue to experience unwanted employee attrition in the future. The recent move by companies to offer a remote or hybrid work environment may increase the competition for such employees from employers outside of our traditional office locations. Furthermore, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited or that they have divulged proprietary or other confidential information, or that their former employers own their research output. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our research and development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be limited, and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We expect to expand our development and regulatory capabilities and potentially implement sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, and as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 94 employees. As our clinical development progresses, we expect to experience growth in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in the areas of research, clinical operations, regulatory affairs, general and administrative and, if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, sales, marketing and distribution. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Due to the limited experience of our management team in managing a company with such anticipated growth, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. The expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and business development resources. Any inability to manage growth could delay the execution of our business plans or disrupt our operations. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial collaborators, principal investigators, CROs and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial collaborators, principal investigators, CROs and vendors may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless or negligent conduct or unauthorized activities that violates (1) the laws and regulations of the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA and other similar regulatory authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities, (2) manufacturing standards, (3) federal and state data privacy, security, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations in the United States and abroad and (4) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Misconduct by these parties could also involve the improper use of individually identifiable information, including information obtained in the course of clinical trials, creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials or illegal misappropriation of product candidates, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, including damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm and the delay, reduction, termination or restructuring of our operations. 
 Our international operations may expose us to business, regulatory, political, operational, financial, pricing and reimbursement risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with conducting business internationally. Some of our suppliers, industry partners and clinical study centers are located outside of the United States. Furthermore, our business strategy incorporates potential international expansion as we seek to obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates in patient populations outside the United States. If approved, we may hire sales representatives and conduct physician and patient association outreach activities outside of the United States. Doing business internationally involves a number of risks, including but not limited to: 
 multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as privacy regulations, tax laws, export and import restrictions, employment laws, regulatory requirements and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; 

failure by us to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for the use of our products in various countries; 

rejection or qualification of foreign clinical trial data by the competent authorities of other countries; 

delays or interruptions in the supply of clinical trial materials resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad, including those that may result from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 

additional potentially relevant third-party patent and other intellectual property rights; 

complexities and difficulties in obtaining, maintaining, protecting and enforcing our intellectual property; 

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

complexities associated with managing multiple payor reimbursement regimes, government payors or patient self-pay systems; 

limits in our ability to penetrate international markets; 

financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact of local and regional financial crises on demand and payment for our product candidates and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine, terrorism and political unrest, outbreak of disease, including COVID-19 and related shelter-in-place orders, travel, social distancing and quarantine policies, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; 

certain expenses including, among others, expenses for travel, translation and insurance; and 

regulatory and compliance risks that relate to anti-corruption compliance and record-keeping that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, its accounting provisions or its anti-bribery provisions or provisions of anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws in other countries. 

Any of these factors could harm our future international expansion and operations and, consequently, our results of operations. 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our internal computer systems, or those used by our CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or experience security breaches or other unauthorized or improper access. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of our CROs and other third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to privacy and information security incidents, such as data breaches, damage from computer viruses and unauthorized access, malware, natural disasters, fire, terrorism, war and telecommunication, electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, attachments to emails, and actions or lack of taking action by persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization. We take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, but we may not be able to detect and remediate all vulnerabilities because the threats and techniques used to exploit the vulnerability change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. In particular, the risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. While we have not experienced any such material system failure or security breach to our knowledge to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise, we rely on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates and to conduct clinical trials, and similar incidents relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Actual or alleged unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential data, including personally identifiable information, whether through a breach of computer systems, systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, or otherwise, or unauthorized access to or through our information systems and networks, whether by our employees or third parties, could result in negative publicity, legal liability and damage to our reputation. Unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information could also expose us to sanctions for violations of data privacy laws and regulations around the world. To the extent that any disruption or security breach resulted in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. Further, we do not have any control over the operations of the facilities or technology of our cloud and service providers, including any third-party vendors that collect, process and store personal data on our behalf. 
 Our systems, servers and platforms and those of our service providers may be vulnerable to computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins that our or their security measures may not detect. Individuals able to circumvent such security measures may misappropriate our confidential or proprietary information, disrupt our operations, damage our computers or otherwise impair our reputation and business. Threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors now engage, and are expected to continue to engage, in cyber-attacks, including for geopolitical reasons and in connection with military conflicts and operations. During times of war and other major conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to heightened risk of these attacks, including cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and services. We may need to expend significant resources and make significant capital investment to protect against security breaches or to mitigate the impact of any such breaches. There can be no assurance that we or our third-party providers will be successful in preventing cyber-attacks or successfully mitigating their effects. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development and commercialization of our future product candidates could be delayed. Generally, if we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences, such as government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. 
 While we maintain cyber errors and omissions insurance coverage that covers certain aspects of the cyber risks described above, any losses suffered by the company may not be adequately covered by insurance or other contractual rights available to us. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed or are not covered by our insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could make us unable to acquire such insurance and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The trading price of the shares of our common stock may be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. 
 Our stock price may be volatile. The stock market in general and the market for pharmaceutical companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the price paid for the shares. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 
 adverse regulatory decisions; 

any delay in our regulatory filings for our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory authority s review of such filings, including without limitation the FDA s issuance of a refusal to file letter or a request for additional information; 

the commencement, enrollment or results of any future clinical trials we may conduct, or changes in the development status of our product candidates; 

adverse results from delays in or termination of clinical trials; 

unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of our product candidates; 

lower than expected market acceptance of our product candidates following approval for commercialization; 

changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; 

conditions or trends in our industry, including changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 

stock market price and volume fluctuations of comparable companies and, in particular, those that operate in the pharmaceutical industry; 

publication of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures; 

announcements of investigations or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed against us; 

investors general perception of our company and our business; 

recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

overall performance of the equity markets; 

trading volume of our common stock; 

disputes or other developments relating to intellectual property rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain, maintain, defend, protect and enforce patent and other intellectual property rights for our technologies; 

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 

proposed changes to healthcare laws in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, or speculation regarding such changes; 

general economic, political and market conditions and overall fluctuations in the financial markets in the United States and abroad, including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, or future geopolitical events; 

other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events; and 

other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

In addition, in the past, stockholders have initiated class action lawsuits against pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of these companies stock. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 
 68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and share price. 
 The global economy, including credit and financial markets, has experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, increases in inflation rates and uncertainty about economic stability. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in widespread unemployment, economic slowdown and extreme volatility in the capital markets. Similarly, the current conflict between Ukraine and Russia has created extreme volatility in the global capital markets and is expected to have further global economic consequences, including disruptions of the global supply chain and energy markets. Any such volatility and disruptions may have adverse consequences on us or the third parties on whom we rely. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, including as a result of political unrest or war, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms, more costly or more dilutive. Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing our costs, including salary costs. Any significant increases in inflation and related increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports about us, our business or our market, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by equity research analysts. Equity research analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of our common stock after our initial public offering, and such lack of research coverage may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In the event we do have equity research analyst coverage, we will not have any control over the analysts, or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts cease coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 A significant portion of our total outstanding common stock may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time, subject to the restrictions and limitations described below. If our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 We have registered and intend to continue to register all shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans. Once we register these shares, they can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to vesting arrangements and exercise of options and, in the case of our affiliates, the restrictions of Rule 144. 
 Additionally, the holders of an aggregate of 5,841,050 shares of our common stock, or their transferees, have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file one or more registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. If we were to register the resale of these shares, they could be freely sold in the public market without limitation. If these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
 provide for a classified board of directors whose members serve staggered terms; 

authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock with terms, rights and preferences determined by our board of directors that may be senior to our common stock; 

require that any action taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 

specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors or our chief executive officer; 

establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

provide that our directors may be removed for cause only upon the vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; and 

require the approval of our board of directors or the holders of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding shares of common stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation. 

These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, which generally, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our management could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 We will incur costs and demands upon our management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies in the United States, which may harm our business. 
 As a public company listed in the United States, we will incur significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including regulations implemented by the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market may increase legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from regular business activities to compliance activities. If, notwithstanding our efforts, we fail to comply with new laws, regulations and standards, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. 
 Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, on committees of our board of directors or as members of senior management. 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and as a result of the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 (the end of our second quarter) before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31 (our year-end). 
 We are also a smaller reporting company, as defined in the Exchange Act. Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would allow us to continue to take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we report on the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures in our quarterly and annual reports and, beginning with our annual report for the year ended 2021, which was the year covered by the second annual report following the completion of our initial public offering, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our Form 10-K filing for that year. This required that we continued to incur substantial additional professional fees and internal costs to expand our accounting and finance functions in the years ended 2021 and 2022 and that we expended significant management efforts. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC following the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in those internal controls. We identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, related to a lack of an effective control environment and formal accounting policies, procedures and controls as required under SEC rules and regulations. To address the material weakness, we added personnel and implemented new financial processes. Our management determined that as of December 31, 2022, this material weakness has been remediated and our internal control over financial reporting is effective. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. Remediation of this material weakness required, and any other material weakness or any significant deficiency would require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense, and management may not be able to remediate other future material weakness or significant deficiencies in a timely manner. 
 If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements. If that were to happen, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq Stock Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In addition, our common stock may not be able to remain listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or any other securities exchange. 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gains and you may never receive a return on your investment. 
 You should not rely on an investment in our common stock to provide dividend income. We have not declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock to date. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, the terms of any existing or future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America are the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; 

any action asserting a claim against us arising under the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; and 

any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. 

To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid and several state trial courts have enforced such provisions and required that suits asserting Securities Act claims be filed in federal court, there is no guarantee that courts of appeal will affirm the enforceability of such provisions and a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find either exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with litigating Securities Act claims in state court, or both state and federal court, which could seriously harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could harm our business. 
 Ite m 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 Ite m 2. Properties. 
 Our headquarters are located in Redwood City, California, where we lease space in two locations totaling approximately 71,600 square feet of leased space, of which we have subleased approximately 11,655 square feet to third parties. Our leases expire between 2025 and 2031. We believe that our headquarters and other offices are adequate for our current needs. 
 72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ite m 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. There are currently no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of which we believe could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 73 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PAR T II 
 It em 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on February 5, 2021, and trades under the symbol BOLT . Prior to February 5, 2021, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 On March 23, 2022, there were approximately 21 holders of record of our common stock. Certain shares are held in street name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Stock Price Performance Graph 
 As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide this information. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Recent Repurchases of Equity Securities. 
 None. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On February 9, 2021, we completed our IPO pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252136) that was declared effective by the SEC on February 4, 2021 and sold an aggregate of 13,225,000 shares of our common stock, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase 1,725,000 additional shares of our common stock, at a price of 20.00 per share. After deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs paid by us, the net proceeds from the offering were approximately 242.0 million. 
 The net proceeds from the offering have been invested according to our approved investment policy in a mix of money market funds and high-quality, fixed-income securities with a weighted average maturity of less than 13 months. Our investment policy emphasizes preservation of principal, availability of cash to meet cash flow requirements, and maximizing total net returns after satisfying the first two conditions. There has been no material change in the expected use of the net proceeds from our initial public offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b). 
 It em 6. Reserved. 

74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ite m 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form-10K for the period ended December 31, 2022. Except as otherwise indicated herein or as the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to Bolt Bio, the Company, we, us and our refer to Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Our pipeline candidates are built on our deep expertise in myeloid biology and cancer drug development, uniting the targeting precision of antibodies with the power of the innate and adaptive immune system to reprogram the tumor microenvironment for a productive anti-cancer response. Our proprietary Boltbody ISAC (immune-stimulating antibody conjugate) platform technology combines tumor-targeting antibodies with immune-stimulating linker payloads to create productive anti-tumor immune responses. We believe this approach has the potential to create products that work with a patient s own immune system, resulting in anti-cancer efficacy with very good tolerability. Having explored hundreds of linker-payloads and dozens of different tumor targets, we know the importance of both the linker payload and the antibody and have developed a library of linker payloads we can use in our own development and in our collaborations. 
 Our first Boltbody ISAC is our BDC-1001 program, targeting a tumor antigen known as HER2. BDC-1001 recently completed a dose-escalation trial and is advancing into two Phase 2 clinical trials. Our expertise in myeloid cell biology also forms the foundation for additional, innovative immuno-oncology approaches that complement our Boltbody ISAC platform. A prime example is BDC-3042, our Dectin-2 agonist antibody program. BDC-3042 is being developed to repolarize critical cells in the tumor microenvironment known as tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) by targeting cell-surface receptors. Dectin-2 agonism results in these TAMs changing away from the M2 phenotype that suppresses immune responses and supports tumor growth to the tumor-destructive M1 phenotype. 
 Since our inception in January 2015, we have focused primarily on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, licensing, developing intellectual property, raising capital, developing our product candidates, and conducting preclinical studies and early clinical trials. Prior to the completion of our initial public offering in February 2021, we funded our operations primarily through private placements of our convertible preferred stock for gross proceeds of 173.7 million. In February 2021, we completed our initial public offering of 13,225,000 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of 20.00 per share, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase 1,725,000 additional shares of our common stock. Including the option exercise, the aggregate net proceeds to us from the offering was approximately 242.0 million, net of underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses. In May 2021, we issued 821,045 shares of our common stock to Genmab for gross proceeds of approximately 15.0 million. 
 75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have not recorded any revenue from product sales. To date, our only revenue has been derived from our collaborations with Toray, Genmab, and Innovent. In March 2019, we entered into the Toray Agreement to jointly develop and commercialize a Boltbody ISAC utilizing a Toray proprietary antibody. In May 2021, we entered into an oncology research and development collaboration with Genmab to evaluate Genmab antibodies and bispecific antibody engineering technologies in combination with our proprietary Boltbody ISAC technology platform, with the goal of discovering and developing next-generation bispecific ISACs for the treatment of cancer. The research collaboration will evaluate multiple bispecific ISAC product candidate concepts with the potential to identify up to three clinical candidates for development. In August 2021, we entered into an oncology research and development collaboration with Innovent to leverage Innovent s proprietary therapeutic antibody portfolio and antibody discovery capability against undisclosed oncology targets in combination with our Boltbody ISAC technology and myeloid biology expertise to create up to three new candidates for cancer treatments with the potential to provide significant benefit to patients. 
 In September 2021, we entered into a clinical collaboration and supply agreement with BMS to study BDC-1001 in combination with BMS s nivolumab, a leading PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor, for the treatment of HER2-expressing solid tumors. Under the BMS Agreement, BMS will be providing nivolumab at no cost to us and we will sponsor, fund, and conduct the initial Phase 1/2 clinical trial in accordance with an agreed-upon protocol. We initiated the clinical trial evaluating the combination of nivolumab and BDC-1001 in the fourth quarter of 2021. In September 2022, we entered into a clinical supply agreement, or the Roche Agreement, with Roche to study BDC-1001 in combination with Roche s pertuzumab (Perjeta ), a compound approved for the treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer. Under the Roche Agreement, Roche will be providing pertuzumab at no cost to us and we will sponsor, fund, and conduct the initial Phase 2 clinical trial in accordance with an agreed-upon protocol. A Phase 2 study exploring efficacy in HER2-positive colorectal, gastroesophageal, and endometrial is expected to commence in 2023. This study is designed to explore combination with nivolumab only after demonstration of monotherapy activity. A second two-arm Phase 2 study will compare BDC-1001 monotherapy to the combination of BDC-1001 and pertuzumab in HER2-positive breast cancer. 
 We have incurred operating losses since our inception. Our net losses were 88.1 million and 98.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 295.1 million. Substantially all of our net losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future, and we further expect our expenses will increase substantially as we: 
 conduct our ongoing and planned clinical trials; 

continue our research and development programs; 

expand our clinical, regulatory, quality and manufacturing capabilities; 

seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates; and 

operate as a public company. 

Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our planned clinical trials and preclinical studies, and our expenditures on other research and development activities. 
 Business Conditions and Macroeconomic Factors 
 Macroeconomic factors, such as increased inflation and interest rates, recessionary fears, financial and credit market fluctuations, changes in economic policy, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, global supply chain constraints, geopolitical developments (such as the war in Ukraine), and recent and potential disruptions in access to bank deposits or lending commitments due to bank failures, have had, and we believe will continue to have, an impact on our business and results of operations. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and could continue to cause significant disruption in the operations of contract development and manufacturing organizations, or CDMOs, contract research organizations, or CROs, and other third parties upon whom we rely. These and similar, and perhaps more severe, disruptions in our operations could negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The ongoing effects of the pandemic and associated economic conditions remain difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties. We believe that the direct and indirect impacts of these business conditions and macroeconomic factors are difficult to isolate or quantify. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, and the Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional details. We will continue to closely monitor and evaluate the nature and extent 
 76 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 of these macroeconomic factors on our business, consolidated results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 To date, our only revenue has been collaboration revenue derived from our collaborations with Toray, Genmab, and Innovent. We are collaborating with Toray to develop a Boltbody ISAC that incorporates a proprietary Toray antibody against a novel tumor antigen target. We are jointly responsible for early-stage development and for providing technical and regulatory support, and Toray will pay for the program expenses through the end of Phase 1 development. In conjunction with the collaboration, Toray purchased 717,514 shares of our Series T convertible preferred stock for 10.0 million. We evaluated the collaboration together with Toray s purchase of Series T convertible preferred stock and allocated 1.5 million from the stock purchase proceeds to deferred revenue, which we recognize, together with payments received from Toray for compensation based on agreed-upon full-time equivalent rates and out of pocket costs, as collaboration revenue over time as we fulfill our performance obligation to Toray. The research plan and program development continues to be reevaluated by both parties and the outcome of this reevaluation may impact the scope and timing of our performance obligation to Toray. 
 In May 2021, we entered into an oncology research and development collaboration with Genmab to evaluate Genmab antibodies and bispecific antibody engineering technologies in combination with our proprietary Boltbody ISAC technology platform, with the goal of discovering and developing next-generation bispecific ISACs for the treatment of cancer. The research collaboration will evaluate multiple bispecific ISAC concepts to identify up to three clinical candidates for development. Genmab will fund the research, along with the preclinical and clinical development of these candidates through initial clinical proof of concept. Under the Genmab Agreement, we received an upfront payment of 10.0 million and in conjunction with the collaboration, Genmab purchased 821,045 shares of our common stock for 15.0 million. We evaluated the collaboration together with Genmab s purchase of our common stock and allocated 1.4 million from the stock purchase proceeds, together with the 10.0 million upfront payment, to deferred revenue. We recognize this deferred revenue, together with payments received from Genmab for compensation based on agreed-upon full-time equivalent rates and out-of-pocket costs, as collaboration revenue over time as we fulfill our performance obligation to Genmab. 
 In August 2021, we entered into an oncology research and development collaboration with Innovent to leverage Innovent s proprietary therapeutic antibody portfolio and antibody discovery capability against undisclosed oncology targets in combination with our Boltbody ISAC technology and myeloid biology expertise to create up to three new candidates for cancer treatments with the potential to provide significant benefit to patients. Innovent will fund the initial research, along with the preclinical and clinical development of these candidates through initial clinical proof of concept. Under the Innovent Agreement, the Company received an upfront payment of 5.0 million and a potential equity investment in our common stock of up to 10.0 million. These contracts have been evaluated together and no consideration from the Innovent SPA has been included in the total consideration for collaboration revenue. Innovent s option to purchase our common stock under the Innovent SPA expired unexercised on May 25, 2022. We allocated the entire 5.0 million upfront payment to deferred revenue, which we recognize together with other payments received from Innovent as collaboration revenue over time as we fulfill our performance obligation to Innovent. 
 We expect that any collaboration revenue we generate from our current collaborations, and from any future collaboration partners, will fluctuate in the future as a result of the timing and results of development activities and the timing and amount paid, including upfront and milestone payments, and other factors. 
 We have not generated any revenue from product sales, and we do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales unless and until we obtain regulatory approval of and commercialize one of our product candidates. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses have related primarily to early research and discovery activities and to preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates. Research and development expenses are recognized as incurred and payments made prior to the receipt of goods or services to be used in research and development are capitalized until the goods or services are received. 
 77 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Research and development expenses include: 
 costs related to manufacturing our product candidates for clinical trials and preclinical studies, including fees paid to third-party CDMOs; 

salaries, payroll taxes, employee benefits and stock-based compensation charges for those individuals involved in research and development efforts; 

external research and development expenses, including lab materials and supplies and payments to CROs, investigative sites, and consultants to conduct our clinical trials and preclinical and non-clinical studies; and 

facilities and other allocated expenses which include direct and allocated expenses for rent, insurance and other supplies. 

Our direct research and development expenses consist principally of external costs, such as fees paid to CROs and consultants in connection with our clinical and preclinical studies and costs related to manufacturing materials for our studies. Since our inception and through December 31, 2022, the majority of our third-party expenses were related to the research and development of BDC-1001, BDC-2034, and other product candidates. With the exception of costs incurred to satisfy our performance obligations under our collaboration agreements, we do not allocate employee costs and costs associated with our discovery efforts, laboratory supplies and facilities, including other indirect costs, to specific product candidates because these costs are associated with multiple programs and, as such, are not separately classified. We use internal resources primarily to conduct our research as well as for managing our preclinical development, process development, manufacturing, and clinical development activities. We deploy our personnel across all of our research and development activities and, as our employees work across multiple programs, we do not currently track our costs by product candidate. 
 We expect to continue to incur research and development expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of our product candidates, particularly as product candidates in later stages of development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of development. We cannot determine with certainty the timing of initiation, the duration or the completion costs of future clinical trials and preclinical studies of our product candidates due to the inherently unpredictable nature of clinical and preclinical development. Clinical and preclinical development timelines, the probability of success and development costs can differ materially from expectations. 
 We anticipate that we will make determinations as to which product candidates and development programs to pursue and how much funding to direct to each product candidate or program on an ongoing basis in response to the results of ongoing and future preclinical studies and clinical trials, regulatory developments, and our ongoing assessments as to each product candidate s commercial potential. We will need to raise substantial additional capital in the future. In addition, we cannot forecast which product candidates may be subject to future collaborations, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect our development plans and capital requirements. 
 Our future clinical development costs may vary significantly based on factors such as: 
 the number and scope of preclinical and IND-enabling studies; 

per-patient trial costs; 

the number of trials required for approval; 

the number of sites included in the trials; 

the countries in which the trials are conducted; 

the length of time required to enroll eligible patients; 

the number of patients who participate in the trials; 

the number of doses that patients receive; 

the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients; 

potential additional safety monitoring requested by regulatory agencies; 

the duration of patient participation in the trials and through all follow-up; 

the cost and timing of manufacturing our product candidates; 

78 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the phase of development of our product candidates; and 

the safety and efficacy profile of our product candidates. 

General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel in executive, finance, and other administrative functions. Other significant costs include legal fees relating to intellectual property and corporate matters, professional fees for accounting and consulting services, and facility-related costs. In February 2022, we early terminated the lease agreement for our former headquarters facility, which would have expired in January 2023. We received approximately 0.2 million in returned deposits, and extinguished operating lease assets and liabilities of approximately 0.4 million. 
 We expect to continue to incur general and administrative expenses for the foreseeable future to support our ongoing research and development activities and costs of operating as a public company. These costs will likely include expenses related to audit, legal, regulatory, and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with Nasdaq and SEC requirements, director and officer insurance premiums and investor relations costs associated with operating as a public company. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest Income, Net 
 Interest income consists of interest on our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. 
 Change in Fair Value of Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Right Liability 
 In connection with the issuance of our Series C-1 convertible preferred stock in June 2020, the investors agreed to buy, and we agreed to sell, additional shares of such preferred convertible stock at the original issue price upon the achievement of pre-defined milestones. These contractual obligations were required to be accounted for as liabilities and remeasured to fair value at each reporting date, with any change in the fair value reported as a component of other income (expense). In January 2021, with the completion of the Series C-2 convertible preferred stock financing, this contractual obligation was settled, and the convertible preferred stock purchase right liability was remeasured to fair value on the purchase date and reclassified to permanent equity. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

(In thousands) 

Collaboration revenue 

5,729 

1,260 

4,469 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

73,123 

75,655 

(2,532) 

General and administrative 

22,927 

18,393 

4,534 

Total operating expense 

96,050 

94,048 

2,002 

Loss from operations 

(90,321) 

(92,788) 

2,467 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest income 

2,223 

281 

1,942 

Change in fair value of preferred stock right liability 

(6,084) 

6,084 

Total other expense, net 

2,223 

(5,803) 

8,026 

Net loss 

(88,098) 

(98,591) 

10,493 

Net unrealized loss on marketable securities 

(598) 

(321) 

(277) 

Comprehensive loss 

(88,696) 

(98,912) 

10,216 

Collaboration Revenue 
 Revenue was 5.7 million and 1.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in 
 79 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 revenue in the comparative periods was due to continued progress in our collaborations with Genmab and Innovent as we fulfill our performance obligations to our collaboration partners. We expect to continue to provide services to further our collaborations with our partners. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses decreased by 2.5 million from 75.6 million in 2021 to 73.1 million in 2022. The decrease was due to 9.4 million in lower manufacturing expenses related to the timing of batch production of our product candidates, offset by 2.5 million in higher clinical expenses related to the ongoing BDC-1001 clinical trial due to increase in patient activities, 2.1 million in higher facility-related expenses, 1.0 million in higher personnel-related expenses due to an increase in headcount, more travel, and higher consulting and professional services expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 4.5 million from 18.4 million in 2021 to 22.9 million in 2022. The increase was due to 3.0 million in higher personnel-related expenses due to an increase in headcount and 1.4 million higher office and facility-related expenses, offset by lower consulting and professional services expenses. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest income increased by 1.9 million from 0.3 million in 2021 to 2.2 million in 2022. The increase was due to higher interest income from higher yields on our marketable securities. 
 Change in Fair Value of Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Right Liability 
 The 6.1 million change in fair value of convertible preferred stock purchase right liability in 2021 derived from the increase in the fair value of the convertible preferred stock purchase right liability prior to the exercise of the convertible preferred stock purchase right in January 2021. Upon the exercise of the convertible preferred stock purchase right with the issuance of the Series C-2 convertible preferred stock, we remeasured the convertible preferred stock purchase right liability to fair value and reclassified to permanent equity on the balance sheets. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 We have incurred net losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception and anticipate we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 295.1 million. Our net loss was 88.1 million and 98.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we expect to incur additional losses in the future. We evaluated our current cash position, historical results, forecasted cash flows and plans with regard to liquidity. 
 We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances as of December 31, 2022 will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for at least 12 months following the issuance date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our investment policy prioritizes preservation of principal and availability of cash to meet cash flow requirements, and maximizing total net returns after satisfying the first two conditions. Our policy only allows for investments in fixed-income instruments such as corporate bonds and government securities. We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, and equity or debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses, and other similar arrangements. 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for each of the periods indicated: 
 
 80 
 
 Table of Contents 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

(76,504) 

(57,066) 

Investing activities 

57,862 

(232,201) 

Financing activities 

503 

311,108 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(18,139) 

21,841 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 76.5 million and 57.1 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net cash used in operating activities for 2022 was due to our net loss of 88.1 million, adjusted for 14.7 million of non-cash charges and a 3.1 million change in operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges were comprised of 9.6 million for stock-based compensation, 3.2 million of non-cash lease related expense, 1.7 million for depreciation and amortization expense, and 0.2 million for accretion of discount on marketable securities. The change in net operating assets was due to a 2.6 million decrease in operating lease liabilities, a 2.2 million decrease in deferred revenue related to the Genmab Agreement and Innovent Agreement, and an 0.9 million increase in our prepaid expense and other assets, offset by a 2.8 million increase in our accounts payable and accrued expenses. Net cash used in operating activities for 2021 was due to our net loss of 98.6 million, adjusted for 21.0 million of non-cash charges and a 20.5 million change in operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges were comprised of 8.5 million for stock-based compensation, 6.1 million related to the change in fair value of convertible preferred stock purchase right liability, 2.7 million for accretion of discount on marketable securities, 2.5 million of non-cash lease related expense, 1.2 million for depreciation and amortization expense, and 0.1 million for loss on disposal of property and equipment. The change in net operating assets was due to a 15.6 million increase in deferred revenue related to the Genmab Agreement and Innovent Agreement and a 6.7 million increase in our accounts payable and accrued expenses, offset by a decrease in operating lease liabilities and an increase in our prepaid expense and other current assets. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 57.9 million in 2022 and net cash used in investing activities was 232.2 million in 2021. The net cash provided by investing activities in 2022 was due to 240.5 million maturity of marketable securities, offset by 180.7 million in purchases of marketable securities and 2.0 million in purchases of property and equipment. Net cash used in 2021 was due to a 229.9 million net purchases of marketable securities and purchases of property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 0.5 million and 311.1 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net cash provided by financing activities for 2022 was due to net proceeds from the issuance of common stock from the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Program and exercise of stock options. Net cash provided by financing activities for 2021 was due to net proceeds of 244.3 million in connection with our IPO that was completed in February 2021, 51.9 million of net proceeds from the issuance of 5,611,059 shares of Series C-2 preferred stock in January 2021, 13.6 million of net proceeds from issuance of common stock related to the Genmab stock purchase agreement, and 1.3 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock from the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and exercise of stock options. 
 Funding Requirements 
 Based upon our current operating plans, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months following the issuance date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the near term, our primary uses of cash will be to fund the completion of key milestones for BDC-1001 and BDC-3042 and to fund our operations, including research and development activities and employee salaries. This includes significant costs relating to clinical trials and manufacturing our product candidates. Our uses of cash in the long term will be similar as we advance our research and development activities and pay employee salaries. Most pharmaceutical products require larger clinical trials as development progresses, and we expect our funding requirements to grow with the advancement of our programs. Our long-term funding requirements will depend on many factors, which are uncertain but include our portfolio prioritization decisions and the success of our collaborations. In turn, our ability to raise additional 
 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 capital through equity or partnering will depend on the general economic environment in which we operate and our ability to achieve key milestones. Our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement that involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary materially. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could deplete our capital resources sooner than we expect. Additionally, the process of testing product candidates in clinical trials is costly, and the timing of progress and expenses in these trials is uncertain. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the type, number, scope, progress, expansions, results, costs and timing of our clinical trials; 

the type, number, scope, results, costs, and timing of preclinical studies for our product candidates or other potential product candidates or indications which we are pursuing or may choose to pursue in the future; 

the outcome, timing and costs of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the costs and timing of manufacturing for our product candidates, including commercial manufacturing; 

our efforts to enhance operational systems and hire additional personnel to satisfy our obligations as a public company, including enhanced internal controls over financial reporting; 

the costs associated with hiring additional personnel and consultants as our preclinical and clinical activities increase; 

the costs and timing of establishing or securing sales and marketing capabilities if any product candidate is approved; 

our ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance, coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors and adequate market share and revenue for any approved products; 

patients willingness to pay out-of-pocket for any approved products in the absence of coverage and/or adequate reimbursement from third-party payors; 

the terms and timing of establishing and maintaining collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements; 

the costs of obtaining, maintaining, defending, and enforcing our patent and other intellectual property rights; and 

costs associated with any product candidates, products, or technologies that we may in-license or acquire. 

Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from sales of our product candidates, if ever, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity or debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations, licenses, the sale of future royalties, and other similar arrangements. However, we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements on favorable terms or at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be or could be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends. If we raise funds through collaborations, or other similar arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, future revenue streams or research programs or may have to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us and/or may reduce the value of our common stock. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market our product candidates even if we would otherwise prefer to develop and market such product candidates ourselves. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Contract Supply Agreement 
 In January 2022, we entered into an amended and restated supply agreement with EirGenix, Inc., or the Amended Supply Agreement, which amends the original supply agreement with EirGenix, Inc., or EirGenix, dated March 10, 2019, pursuant to which EirGenix agreed to supply to us, on a non-exclusive basis, bulk drug substance of EG12014, its monoclonal antibody being developed as a biosimilar of trastuzumab, which we use in the manufacture of BDC-1001. In addition, EirGenix provides us access to its regulatory data package and services to facilitate our development and commercialization efforts and we are required to make milestone payments to EirGenix up to an aggregate of 2.0 million based upon achievement of 
 82 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 certain BDC-1001 regulatory milestones and pay for services based upon time and materials. The agreement will remain in effect as long as we, or any of our affiliates or licensees, continue to pursue the development or commercialization of any HER2 Boltbody ISAC, unless earlier terminated. We may terminate the agreement if EirGenix fails to supply sufficient quantities of EG12014 or if EirGenix does not obtain regulatory approval for EG12014 as a standalone biosimilar product. We may also terminate the EirGenix Agreement upon prior written notice to EirGenix. EirGenix may terminate the agreement if we do not actively develop a HER2 Boltbody ISAC for more than two years. In addition, either party may terminate the agreement for the other party s uncured material breach or insolvency. 
 Collaboration Agreements 
 Joint Development and License Agreement with Toray Industries 
 In March 2019, we entered into a Joint Development and License Agreement, or the Toray Agreement, with Toray Industries, Inc., or Toray, to develop and commercialize a Boltbody ISAC containing a proprietary antibody owned by Toray. Under the Toray Agreement, we exchanged co-exclusive (with each other) licenses to certain patents and know-how covering our respective technologies. Each party is required to use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct development and regulatory activities assigned to it under a development plan. Toray will be solely responsible for both parties development costs up to the conclusion of the first Phase 1 clinical trial and Toray is entitled to reimbursement for 50 of such development costs from our share of revenues collected from the sale or licensing of collaboration products. After the conclusion of the first Phase 1 clinical trial, the parties will share equally all costs of development activities necessary for obtaining regulatory approval of collaboration products in the indications in the territories covered under the agreement, unless either party elects to opt out of its co-funding obligations or reduce them by half, which election can be on a region-by-region basis. The research plan and program development continues to be reevaluated by both parties and the outcome of this reevaluation may impact the scope and timing of the collaboration. 
 Oncology Research and Development Collaboration with Genmab A/S 
 In May 2021, we entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement, or the Genmab Agreement, with Genmab A/S, or Genmab. Together, the companies will evaluate Genmab antibodies and bispecific antibody technologies in combination with our Boltbody ISAC technology platform, with the goal of discovering and developing next-generation bispecific ISACs for the treatment of cancer. Under this research collaboration, the companies will evaluate multiple bispecific ISAC concepts to identify up to three clinical candidates for development. Genmab will fund the research, along with the preclinical and clinical development of these candidates through initial clinical proof of concept. Under the Genmab Agreement, we received an upfront payment of 10.0 million and an equity investment of 15.0 million under a separate stock purchase agreement. Under the Genmab Agreement, we will be compensated for research and development services at the agreed upon full-time employee rate and third-party costs through initial clinical proof of concept of the therapeutic candidates, after which both parties can exercise their respective program opt-in rights. With respect to each candidate for which a party has exercised its program opt-in rights and has exclusive global rights, the other party is eligible to receive potential development and sales-based milestone payments and tiered royalties. Bolt is eligible to receive total potential milestone payments of up to 285.0 million per therapeutic candidate exclusively developed and commercialized by Genmab, along with tiered royalties. 
 Oncology Research and Development Collaboration with Innovent Biologics, Inc. 
 In August 2021, we entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement, or the Innovent Agreement, with Innovent Biologics, Inc., or Innovent. Together, the companies will leverage Innovent s proprietary therapeutic antibody portfolio and antibody discovery capability against undisclosed oncology targets in combination with our Boltbody ISAC technology and myeloid biology expertise to create up to three new candidates for cancer treatments. Innovent will fund the initial research, along with the preclinical and clinical development of these candidates through initial clinical proof of concept. Under the Innovent Agreement, we received an upfront payment of 5.0 million. Under the Innovent Agreement, we will be compensated for research and development services at the agreed upon full-time employee rate and third-party costs through initial clinical proof of concept of the therapeutic candidates, after which both parties can exercise their respective license rights. The Innovent Agreement includes license options exercisable by each party to exclusively develop, manufacture and commercialize each candidate in a specific territory. With respect to each candidate for which a party has exercised its license option, the other party is eligible to receive a license option exercise fee, potential development and sales-based milestone payments and tiered royalties. 
 83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Oncology Clinical Trial Collaboration and Supply Agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb 
 In September 2021, we entered into a clinical collaboration and supply agreement, or the BMS Agreement, with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, or BMS, to study BDC-1001 in combination with BMS s PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor nivolumab, for the treatment of HER2-expressing solid tumors. Under the BMS Agreement, BMS granted us a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license (with a right to sublicense) under its intellectual property to use nivolumab in a clinical trial for a combination therapy of nivolumab and our proprietary compound, BDC-1001, and has agreed to supply nivolumab at no cost to us and we will sponsor, fund and conduct the initial Phase 1/2 clinical trial in accordance with an agreed-upon protocol. Both parties will own the study data produced in the clinical trial, other than study data related solely to nivolumab, which will belong solely to BMS, or study data related solely to BDC-1001, which will belong solely to us. The parties may conduct additional clinical trials on the combined therapy which may be sponsored and funded by one party, or jointly funded. We initiated the clinical trial evaluating the combination of nivolumab and BDC-1001 in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Clinical Supply Agreement with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 
 In September 2022, we entered into a clinical supply agreement, or the Roche Agreement, with Roche to study BDC-1001 in combination with Roche s pertuzumab (Perjeta ), a compound approved for the treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer. Under the Roche Agreement, Roche granted us a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, royalty-free license under its intellectual property to use pertuzumab in a clinical trial for a combination therapy of pertuzumab and our proprietary compound, BDC-1001, and has agreed to supply pertuzumab at no cost to us and we will sponsor, fund and conduct the initial Phase 2 clinical trial in accordance with an agreed-upon protocol. Both parties will own the study data produced in the clinical trial, other than study data related solely to pertuzumab, which will belong solely to Roche, or study data related solely to BDC-1001, which will belong solely to us. The parties may conduct additional clinical trials on the combined therapy which may be sponsored and funded by one party, or jointly funded. We expect to initiate the clinical trial evaluating the combination of pertuzumab and BDC-1001 in 2023. 
 License Agreements 
 License Agreements with Stanford University 
 In May 2015 and June 2018, we entered into license agreements with Stanford, pursuant to which Stanford granted us worldwide exclusive licenses under certain patents related to our proprietary Boltbody ISAC technology and myeloid modulation for cancer immunotherapy, respectively. Under these agreements, we are obligated to pay annual license maintenance fees, which are nominal and will be creditable against any royalties payable to Stanford under such agreement in the applicable year. We are required in each agreement to make milestone payments up to an aggregate of 0.4 million for the first licensed product under such agreement that meets certain patent issuance, clinical and regulatory milestones, and an additional milestone payment of 0.2 million for each additional regulatory approval. We also agreed in each agreement to pay Stanford tiered royalties on our and our sublicensees net sales of licensed products, at low single-digit percentage rates, subject to certain customary reductions. Our royalty obligations continue for the term of each agreement, and we are required to pay royalties on any licensed products made, used, imported or offered for sale during the term of such agreement but sold after the term of the agreement. In addition, we are obligated in each agreement to pay Stanford a sub-teen double digit to low teen double-digit percentage, based on the date of sublicensing, of certain consideration we receive as a result of granting sublicenses to the licensed patents. Pursuant to each agreement, we will reimburse Stanford s patent expenses, including reasonable costs incurred in assisting us with prosecuting and maintaining licensed patents. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies and estimates to be most critical to the preparation of our financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 84 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 For all periods presented, we recognized revenue in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standard Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contract with Customers, or ASC 606 . In accordance with ASC 606, when our customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. We perform the following five steps in determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as we fulfill our obligations under each of these agreements: 
 identification of the promised goods and services in the contract; 

determination of whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; 

measurement of the transaction price, including any constraint on variable consideration; 

allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations; and 

recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy each performance obligation. 

If an agreement includes a license to our intellectual property and that license is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement, we recognize revenues allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the customer and the customer is able to use and benefit from the license. For licenses that are bundled with other promises, we utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue from non-refundable, up-front fees. We evaluate the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjust the measure of performance and related revenue recognition. For combined performance obligation that is satisfied over time, collaboration revenue is recognized over time proportionate to the costs incurred to perform the services using an input method as a measure of progress towards satisfying the performance obligation, which is based on project hours. In some agreements, we receive compensation for the research and development services performed, which may be billed in the quarter ahead of performance and are trued up on the subsequent quarter s invoice following the work performed, or billed based on actual hours incurred. The cumulative effect of revisions to estimated hours to complete our performance obligation will be recorded in the period in which changes are identified and amounts can be reasonably estimated. While such changes to our estimates have no impact on our reported cash flows, the amount of revenue recorded in the period could be materially impacted. 
 Amounts received prior to satisfying the above revenue recognition criteria were recognized as deferred revenue until all applicable revenue recognition criteria were met. Deferred revenue represented the portion of payments received that have not been earned. 
 Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
 We are required to estimate our expenses resulting from our obligations under contracts with vendors, consultants and CROs, in connection with conducting research and development activities. The financial terms of these contracts vary from contract to contract and may result in payment flows that do not match the periods over which materials or services are provided under such contracts. We reflect research and development expenses in our financial statements by matching those expenses with the period in which services and efforts are expended. 
 We account for these expenses according to the progress of the preclinical study as measured by the timing of various aspects of the study or related activities. We determine accrual estimates through review of the underlying contracts along with discussions with our third-party services providers and our personnel as to the progress of studies, or other services being conducted. During the course of a study, we adjust our rate of expense recognition if actual results differ from our estimates. 
 Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, if our estimates of the status and timing of services performed differ from the actual status and timing of services performed, it could result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. Our accrual is dependent, in part, upon the receipt of timely and accurate reporting from CROs and other third-party vendors. Variations in the assumptions used to estimate accruals including, but not limited to, the number of patients enrolled, the rate of patient enrollment and the actual services performed, may vary from our estimates, resulting in adjustments to clinical trial expenses in future periods. Changes in these estimates that result in material changes to our accruals could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. To date, there have been no material differences between our estimates of such expenses and the amounts actually incurred. 
 85 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Stock-based compensation expense represents the cost of the grant date fair value of equity awards recognized over the requisite service period of the awards (usually the vesting period) on a straight-line basis. We estimate the fair value of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recognize forfeitures as they occur. 
 For restricted stock awards, the fair value of the award is the estimated fair value of our common stock on the grant date, as determined by our board of directors. 
 The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions, including the risk-free interest rate, the expected stock price volatility, the expected term of stock options, the expected dividend yield and the fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. Changes in the assumptions can materially affect the fair value and ultimately how much stock-based compensation expense is recognized. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. See Note 10 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information concerning certain of the specific assumptions we used in applying the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the estimated fair value of our stock options granted in 2022 and 2021. 
 In 2022 and 2021, stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was 9.6 million and 8.5 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was 14.6 million and is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.1 years. 
 Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 In April 2012, the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Therefore, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards, and, therefore, will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We intend to rely on other exemptions provided by the JOBS Act, including without limitation, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company, meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates plus the aggregate amount of gross proceeds to us as a result of our initial public offering, is less than 700 million and our annual revenue was less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter or (ii) our annual revenue was less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
 Net Operating Loss and Research and Development Carryforwards and Other Income Tax Information 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state NOL carryforwards of 183.2 million and 230.5 million, respectively. The federal NOLs include 4.4 million that may be used to offset up to 100 of future taxable income and will begin to expire in 2035 unless previously utilized and 178.8 million that are not subject to expiration. The net operating loss carryforwards subject to expiration could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. The federal NOLs not subject to expiration are available to offset up to 80 of taxable income each year indefinitely. The state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2035, unless previously utilized. As of December 31, 2022, we also had federal and state research credit carryforwards of 7.1 million and 4.7 million, respectively. The federal research and development tax credit carryforwards expire beginning in 2038 unless previously utilized, and the state research and development tax credit carryforwards do not expire. We have established valuation allowances against our NOLs and research and development credits due to the uncertainty surrounding the realization of these assets. We file tax returns in the U.S. and California. We are not currently under examination in any of these jurisdictions and all its tax years remain effectively open to examination due to net operating loss carryforwards. 
 86 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have performed a Section 382 study as of December 31, 2021 and expect approximately 2.8 million of federal research and development credits and 51.0 million of California net operating losses to expire unused due to Section 382 limitations. Pursuant to Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, annual use of our NOL and research and development tax credit carryforwards may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50 occurs within a three-year period. 
 Ite m 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide this information. 
 87 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data. 
 
 BOLT BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 89 

Balance Sheets 
 
 90 

Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 91 

Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 92 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 93 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 94 

88 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, of preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit) and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

March 29, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 89 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 BOLT BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 BA LANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Restricted cash 

Long-term investments 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Deferred revenue, non-current 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities, convertible preferred stock, and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 
 90 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 BOLT BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Collaboration revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expense 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest income 

Change in fair value of convertible preferred stock purchase right liability 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 
 91 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 BOLT BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 STATE MENTS OF PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Convertible 

Additional 

Accumulated Other 

Total 

Preferred Stock 

Common 

Paid-In 

Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Loss 

Deficit 

Equity (Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of Series C-2 convertible preferred stock, net of issuance cost of 

Reclassification of convertible preferred stock purchase right liability to equity upon issuance of convertible C-2 preferred stock 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock related to stock purchase agreement 

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Vesting of early exercised options 

Stock-based compensation 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale investments 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units 

Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Vesting of early exercised options 

Stock-based compensation 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale investments 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 
 92 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 BOLT BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 STATE MENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used 

in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Accretion of premium/discount on short-term investments 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Change in fair value of convertible preferred stock purchase right liability 

Non-cash lease expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Other long-term liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Purchases of marketable securities 

() 

() 

Maturities of marketable securities 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of issuance cost 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock related to stock purchase agreement 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Payment of deferred offering cost 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Vesting of unvested issued common stock 

Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred offering costs in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 

See accompanying notes to the financial statements. 
 93 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 BOLT BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and an accumulated deficit of million. Based upon the Company's current operating plans, the Company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund its operations for at least the next 12 months following the issuance date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the near term, the Company's primary uses of cash will be to fund the completion of key milestones for BDC-1001 and BDC-3042 and to fund its operations, including research and development activities and employee salaries. This includes significant costs relating to clinical trials and manufacturing the Company's product candidates. The Company's uses of cash in the long term will be similar as the Company advances its research and development activities and pay employee salaries. Most pharmaceutical products require larger clinical trials as development progresses, and the Company expects its funding requirements to grow with the advancement of its programs. The Company's long-term funding requirements will depend on many factors, which are uncertain but include its portfolio prioritization decisions and the success of its collaborations. In turn, the Company's ability to raise additional capital through equity or partnering will depend on the general economic environment in which it operates and its ability to achieve key milestones. 

million of long-term restricted cash deposited with a financial institution. The restricted cash is held in separate bank accounts to support letter of credit agreements related to the Company s facility leases which expire in 2025 and 2031 (see Note 7). 
 . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Upon sale or retirement of assets, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the balance sheet and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss in the period realized. 
 such impairments of long-lived assets during the periods presented. 

interest or penalties charged in relation to the unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 operating segment. Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision-maker, which is the Company's Chief Executive Officer, in making decisions regarding resource allocation and assessing performance. 

t active or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires management to make judgments and consider factors specific to the asset or liability. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, financial assets measured on a recurring basis consist of cash invested in money market accounts, short-term investments, and long-term investments. The fair value of short-term and long-term investments is based upon market prices quoted on the last day of the fiscal period or other observable market inputs. The Company obtains pricing information from its investment manager and generally determines the fair value of investment securities using standard observable inputs, including reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, bids and/or offers. Financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis include the convertible preferred stock purchase right liability described below. There were no transfers within the hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

() 

U.S. treasury securities 

() 

Other government agency securities 

() 

Commercial paper 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

Total 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Estimated 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Fair Value 

Asset backed securities 

() 

U.S. treasury securities 

() 

Other government agency securities 

() 

Commercial paper 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

Total 

() 

Asset backed securities 

U.S. treasury securities 

Other government agency securities 

Commercial paper 

Corporate debt securities 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Total 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Money market funds 

Asset backed securities 

U.S. treasury securities 

Other government agency securities 

- 

Commercial paper 

Corporate debt securities 

Total 

100 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and , respectively, in license and milestone fees under the Stanford Agreements. In addition, the Company paid Stanford and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for reimbursement of patent maintenance costs which are included as part of general and administrative expense. Additionally, the Company is required by the Stanford Agreement to make milestone payments up to an aggregate of million for the first licensed product that meets certain patent issuance, clinical and regulatory milestones, and an additional milestone payment of million for each additional regulatory approval. The Company also agreed in the Stanford Agreement to pay Stanford tiered royalties on the Company s and its sublicensees net sales of licensed products, if any, at low single-digit percentage rates, subject to certain reductions. Dr. Engleman is entitled to receive a share of any royalties that the Company pays to Stanford under the Stanford Agreement with respect to the covered intellectual property. royalty payments have been made to date. 

Office equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Total 

Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued other 

Total 

101 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 shares of Series T convertible preferred stock to Toray. These contracts have been evaluated together and the consideration in excess of the fair value of the Series T convertible preferred stock of million has been allocated to the Toray Agreement and included in the total consideration for collaboration revenue. In February 2021, in connection with the Company s initial public offering IPO ), all outstanding shares of Series T convertible preferred stock were converted into shares of the Company s common stock. In the Toray Agreement, the Company has identified one bundled performance obligation which includes the license rights, research and development services and services associated with participation on a joint steering committee. Collaboration revenue is recognized over time proportionate to the costs that the Company has incurred to perform the services using an input method as a measure of progress towards satisfying the performance obligation, which is based on project hours. Amounts are billed based on estimated variable consideration in the quarter ahead of performance and are trued up on the subsequent quarter s invoice following the work performed. The cumulative effect of revisions to estimated hours to complete the Company s performance obligation will be recorded in the period in which changes are identified and amounts can be reasonably estimated. Deferred revenue allocated to the unsatisfied performance obligation is recorded as a contract liability on the balance sheet and will be recognized over time as the services are performed. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , contract liability totaling million at each period-end were recorded in deferred revenue in long-term liabilities on the balance sheet due to the ongoing reevaluation of the research plan and the continued assessment of program development by both parties. The outcome of this reevaluation may impact the scope and timing of such services. The Toray Agreement includes both fixed and variable consideration. Under the Toray Agreement, the Company will be compensated for early-stage development and manufacturing activities based on agreed full-time equivalent rates and actual out of pocket costs incurred through the completion of the first Phase 1 clinical trial for the lead product candidate and Toray is entitled to reimbursement for 50 of such development costs from the Company s share of revenues collected from the sale or licensing of collaboration products. Although the legal term of the agreement is until collaboration products are no longer sold in the territories covered under the agreement, the parties have present enforceable rights and obligations through the end of the first Phase 1 clinical trial, after which both parties can opt out of continued development under the agreement. As such, the accounting term of the Toray Agreement was considered to terminate upon completion of the first Phase 1 clinical trial. After the conclusion of the first Phase 1 clinical trial, the parties will share equally all costs of development activities necessary for obtaining regulatory approval of collaboration products in the indications in the territories covered under the agreement, unless either party elects to opt out of its co-funding obligations or reduce them by half, which election can be on a region-by-region basis or for the territories covered under the agreement as a whole. Such optional additional items which will be accounted for as contract modifications when development advances past certain milestones and the parties both exercise their opt-in rights. Oncology Research and Development Collaboration with Genmab A/S In May 2021, the Company entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement (the Genmab Agreement with Genmab. Together, the companies will evaluate Genmab antibodies and bispecific antibody engineering technologies in combination with the Company s ISAC technology platform, with the goal of discovering and developing next-generation bispecific ISACs for the treatment of cancer. Under this research collaboration, the companies will evaluate multiple bispecific ISAC concepts to identify up to three clinical candidates for development. Genmab will fund the research, along with the preclinical and clinical development of these candidates through initial clinical proof of concept. Under the Genmab Agreement, the Company received an upfront payment of million. The Company determined that the Genmab Agreement is a contract with a customer and should be accounted for under ASC 606. In conjunction with the Genmab Agreement, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement (the Genmab SPA for the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock to Genmab for a total purchase price of million. These contracts have been evaluated together and the consideration in excess of the fair value of the common stock of million has been allocated to the Genmab Agreement and included in the total consideration for collaboration revenue. In the Genmab Agreement, the Company has identified one bundled performance obligation that includes the license rights, research and development services and services associated with participation on a joint research committee. The transaction price includes the million upfront payment, the million allocated from the Genmab SPA, and million of estimated variable consideration related to compensation for research and development services at the agreed upon full-time employee rate and third-party costs. Collaboration revenue is recognized over time proportionate to the costs that the Company has incurred to perform the services using an input method as a measure of progress towards satisfying the performance obligation, which is based on project hours. Compensation for the research and development services are billed in the quarter based on actual hours incurred to satisfy the performance obligation. The cumulative effect of revisions to estimated hours to complete the Company s performance obligation will be recorded in the period in which changes are identified and amounts can be reasonably estimated. As of December 31, 2022 , receivables of million related to research and development services performed under the Genmab Agreement were recorded as part of the prepaid expenses and other current assets line item on the balance sheet. Deferred revenue allocated to the unsatisfied performance obligation is recorded as a contract liability on the balance sheet and will be recognized over time as the services are performed. As of December 31, 2022 , contract liabilities totaling million were recorded in deferred revenue with million in current liabilities and million in non-current liabilities on the balance sheet based on the forecasted periods of performance. 

Addition amount billed for research and development services 

Revenue recognized 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Addition amount billed for research and development services 

Revenue recognized 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The Company recorded million and million in revenue earned during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , based on services performed under the Genmab Agreement during the period. Under the Genmab Agreement, the Company will be compensated for research and development services at the agreed upon full-time employee rate and third-party costs through initial clinical proof of concept of the therapeutic candidates, which also represents the period of time both parties have enforceable rights and obligations. As such, the accounting term of the Genmab Agreement is considered to terminate upon completion of the initial clinical proof of concept of the therapeutic candidates, after which both parties can exercise their respective program opt-in rights. The Genmab Agreement includes optional additional items which will be accounted for as contract modifications after initial clinical proof of concept of the therapeutic candidates. With respect to each candidate for which a party has exercised its program opt-in rights and has exclusive global rights, the other party is eligible to receive potential development and sales-based milestone payments and tiered royalties, subject to certain customary reductions, the amount of all such considerations will vary based on the market potential of the applicable territory for which such party has exercised its program opt-in rights. Under the Genmab Agreement, the Company is eligible to receive total potential milestone payments of up to million in development milestones and million in sale milestones per therapeutic candidate exclusively developed and commercialized by Genmab, along with tiered royalties at rates from a single digit to mid-teens percentage based on net sales of each therapeutic candidate. However, given the current phase of development of therapeutic candidates under the Genmab Agreement, the Company cannot estimate the probability or timing of achieving these milestones, and, therefore, have excluded all milestone and royalty payments from the transaction prices of the agreement. Oncology Research and Development Collaboration with Innovent Biologics, Inc. In August 2021, the Company entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement (the Innovent Agreement with Innovent. Together, the companies will leverage Innovent s proprietary therapeutic antibody portfolio and antibody discovery capability against undisclosed oncology targets in combination with the Company s advanced ISAC technology and myeloid biology expertise to create up to three new candidates for cancer treatments. Innovent will fund the initial research, along with the preclinical and clinical development of these candidates through initial clinical proof of concept. Under the Innovent Agreement, the Company received an upfront payment of million. The Company determined that the Innovent Agreement is a contract with a customer and should be accounted for under ASC 606. In conjunction with the Innovent Agreement, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Innovent (the Innovent SPA which contains both a put option and call option allowing Innovent and the Company to respectively initiate a market value purchase and sale of the Company s common stock, for an aggregate investment of up to million by Innovent, subject to certain share price limitations. The Innovent Agreement and Innovent SPA have been evaluated together and since the options may be exercised at market value by either party, consideration from the Innovent SPA has been allocated to the Innovent Agreement and included in the total consideration for collaboration revenue. Both options expired unexercised on . In the Innovent Agreement, the Company has identified one bundled performance obligation that includes the license rights, research and development services and services associated with participation on a joint research committee. The transaction price includes the million upfront payment and up to million of estimated variable consideration related to compensation for research and development services at the agreed upon full-time employee rate and third-party costs. Collaboration revenue is recognized over time proportionate to the costs that the Company has incurred to perform the services using an input method as a measure of progress towards satisfying the performance obligation, which is based on project hours. Amounts are billed based on estimated variable consideration in the quarter ahead of performance and are trued up on the subsequent quarter s invoice following the work performed. The cumulative effect of revisions to estimated hours to complete the Company s performance obligation will be recorded in the period in which changes are identified and amounts can be reasonably estimated. Deferred revenue allocated to the unsatisfied performance obligation is recorded as a contract liability on the balance sheet and will be recognized over time as the services are performed. As of December 31, 2022 , contract liabilities totaling million were recorded in deferred revenue with million in current liabilities and million in non-current liabilities on the balance sheet based on the forecasted periods of performance. 

Addition amount billed for research and development services 

Revenue recognized in 2022 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The Company recorded million and in revenue earned during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , based on services performed under the Innovent Agreement during the period. Under the Innovent Agreement, the Company will be compensated for research and development services at the agreed upon full-time employee rate and third-party costs through initial clinical proof of concept of the therapeutic candidates, which also represents the period of time both parties have enforceable rights and obligations. As such, the accounting term of the Innovent Agreement is considered to terminate upon completion of the initial clinical proof of concept of the therapeutic candidates, after which both parties can exercise their respective license rights. The Innovent Agreement includes license options exercisable by each party to exclusively develop, manufacture and commercialize each candidate in a specific territory, which will be accounted for as contract modifications after the initial clinical proof of concept of the therapeutic candidates and the parties have exercised their respective license options with respect to each candidate. With respect to each candidate for which a party has exercised its license option, the other party is eligible to receive a license option exercise fee, potential development and sales-based milestone payments and tiered royalties, subject to certain customary reductions, the amount of all such considerations will vary based on the market potential of the applicable territory for which such party has exercised its license option. Under the Innovent Agreement, the Company is eligible to receive up to million in potential license option exercise fee, million in development milestone payment, million in sales-based milestone payments, and tiered royalties at rates from a mid-single digit to low-teens percentage based on net sales, subject to certain customary reductions, for therapeutic candidates exclusively developed and commercialized by Innovent in specific territories. However, given the current phase of development of therapeutic candidates under the Innovent Agreement, the Company cannot estimate the probability or timing of achieving these milestones, and, therefore, have excluded all license option exercise fee, milestone and royalty payments from the transaction prices of the agreement. Oncology Clinical Trial Collaboration and Supply Agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb In September 2021, the Company entered into a clinical collaboration and supply agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company BMS to study BDC-1001 in combination with BMS s PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor nivolumab, for the treatment of HER2-expressing solid tumors (the BMS Agreement ). Under the BMS Agreement, BMS granted the Company a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license (with a right to sublicense) under its intellectual property to use nivolumab in a clinical trial for a combination therapy of nivolumab and the Company s proprietary compound, BDC-1001, and has agreed to supply nivolumab at no cost to the Company and the Company will sponsor, fund and conduct the initial Phase 1/2 clinical trial in accordance with an agreed-upon protocol. Both parties will own the study data produced in the clinical trial, other than study data related solely to nivolumab, which will belong solely to BMS, or study data related solely to BDC-1001, which will belong solely to the Company. The parties may conduct additional clinical trials on the combined therapy which may be sponsored and funded by one party, or jointly funded. Given the terms of the BMS Agreement, the Company concluded that it is not within the scope of ASC 808 or ASC 606. Any relevant costs arising from the clinical trial will be expensed as incurred and recorded in research and development expenses. The Company initiated the clinical trial for the combination therapy of nivolumab and BDC-1001 in the fourth quarter of 2021. Clinical Supply Agreement with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd In September 2022, the Company entered into a clinical supply agreement with Roche to study BDC-1001 in combination with Roche s pertuzumab (Perjeta ), a compound approved for the treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer (the Roche Agreement ). Under the Roche Agreement, Roche granted the Company a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, royalty-free license under its intellectual property to use pertuzumab in a clinical trial for a combination therapy of pertuzumab and the Company's proprietary compound, BDC-1001, and has agreed to supply pertuzumab at no cost to the Company and the Company will sponsor, fund and conduct the initial Phase 2 clinical trial in accordance with an agreed-upon protocol. Both parties will own the study data produced in the clinical trial, other than study data related solely to pertuzumab, which will belong solely to Roche, or study data related solely to BDC-1001, which will belong solely to the Company. The parties may conduct additional clinical trials on the combined therapy which may be sponsored and funded by one party, or jointly funded. Given the terms of the Roche Agreement, the Company concluded that it is not within the scope of ASC 808 or ASC 606. Any relevant costs arising from the clinical trial will be expensed as incurred and recorded in research and development expenses. 

 105 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 square feet of space (the Chesapeake Master Lease ), which consists of square feet of additional office, laboratory and vivarium space and includes an extension of square feet under an existing lease. The Chesapeake Master Lease has an initial term of from the Commencement Date, with an the lease for an additional term. The Chesapeake Master Lease contains rent escalation, and the Company is also responsible for certain operating expenses and taxes throughout the lease term. In addition, the Company is entitled to up to million of tenant improvement allowance, which was paid directly by the landlord to various vendors. Upon execution of the non-cancellable lease agreement, the Company took control of square feet of space, which is subleased as further described below. The remaining square feet of additional office, laboratory and vivarium space commenced in June 2021 and the extension of the square feet under an existing lease is expected to commence in 2025. In connection with the execution of the Chesapeake Master Lease, the Company entered into two operating lease agreements to sublease portions of the premises to two unrelated third parties. The first sublease agreement, to sublease square feet, commenced in August 2020 and expired on . The second sublease agreement, to sublease square feet, commenced in June 2021 and expires on . In August 2022, the second sublease agreement was amended to expand the subleased premises to square feet in the first year and further increase to square feet in the second year. In addition, the expiration date of the second sublease was also amended to the expiration date of the Chesapeake Master Lease. , and option to extend the sublease term. Rent for the second sublease is subject to scheduled annual increases and the subtenant is responsible for certain operating expenses and taxes throughout the term under the sublease agreement. Sublease income under the two sublease agreements was approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, we have no leases accounted for as finance right-of-use lease and finance right-of-use leases used in 2021 to finance capital equipment such as printers or ozone generators were immaterial. The weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate related to the Company s lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were years and , respectively, for the operating leases. The weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate related to the Company s lease liabilities as of December 31, 2021 were years and , respectively, for the operating leases. The Company lease discount rates are based on estimates of its incremental borrowing rate, as the discount rates implicit in the Company s leases cannot be readily determined. As the Company does not have any outstanding debt, the Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate based on its estimated credit rating and available market information. Cash required as security for our operation leases is secured by a letter of credit on behalf of the lessor in the amount of approximately million and is recorded as restricted cash on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less interest 

() 

Total 

Supply Agreement The Company has entered into a supply agreement with a contract manufacturer pursuant to which the Company may be required to pay milestone payments upon the achievement of specified regulatory milestones. The agreement is cancellable by the Company upon delivering the appropriate prior written notice. At December 31, 2022 , potential future milestone payments under this agreement were up to million. Guarantees and Indemnifications In the normal course of business, the Company enters into agreements that contain a variety of representations and provide for general indemnification. The Company s exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made against the Company in the future. To date, the Company has not paid any claims or been required to defend any action related to its indemnification obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible and consequently has not recorded related liabilities. Legal Proceedings 

million in separate tranches. The first tranche closed in June 2020 with the issuance of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock and the investors agreed to buy, and the Company agreed to sell up to shares of Series C-2 convertible preferred stock at a price per share of , for potential additional gross proceeds of million, upon the achievement of certain milestones as defined in the agreement. The commitment made by the investors to invest in the second tranche of the Series C-2 convertible preferred stock was considered a separate freestanding financial instrument and was recorded at fair value as a convertible preferred stock purchase right liability on the balance sheet with changes in fair value recorded as other income (expense) in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. In January 2021, the Company issued the additional shares of Series C-2 convertible preferred stock for net proceeds of million and accordingly, this contractual obligation was settled, and the convertible preferred stock purchase right liability was remeasured to its fair value and reclassified to permanent equity, with changes in fair value of this liability totaling million recorded in other income (expense) in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. In February 2021, all outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock were converted into the Company s common stock in connection with the IPO. 

 107 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 million. In connection with the filing of the Registration Statement, the Company also entered into a sales agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC Cowen ), as sales agent or principal, pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell shares of its common stock for an aggregate offering price of up to million under an at-the-market (the ATM offering program. Pursuant to the ATM, the Company will pay Cowen a commission rate equal to of the gross proceeds from the sale of any shares of common stock. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of shares of its common stock under the ATM. As of December 31, 2022 , shares of the Company's common stock have been sold under the ATM. Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance 

Common stock restricted stock awards issued and outstanding 

Common stock available for future issuance under the 2021 Plan 

Common stock available for future issuance under the ESPP 

Total 

shares of common stock and stock awards granted under the 2021 Plan vest at the rate specified in the stock option agreement and shall have terms no more than ten years from the date of grant. The terms and conditions governing the stock awards under the 2021 Plan are at the sole discretion of the board of directors. In addition, the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan will automatically increase on the first day of January 1 of each calendar year that commences after the 2021 Plan becomes effective and continuing through and including January 1, 2031, in an amount equal to of the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on December 31, or a lesser number of shares determined by the Company's board of directors or compensation committee. As a result, common stock reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan was increased by shares on January 1, 2022. In addition, in January 2021, the Company s board of directors and stockholders adopted the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). The ESPP authorized issuance of up to 42 shares of common stock and permits participants to purchase common stock through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation. Employees purchase shares of common stock at a price per share equal to of the lower of the fair market value at the start or end of the six-month purchase periods within the offering period. In addition, the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year that commences after the ESPP becomes effective and continuing through and including January 1, 2031, by the lesser of (1) of the total number of shares of the Company's common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, (2) shares, and (3) a number of shares determined by the Company's board of directors. As a result, common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP was increased by shares on January 1, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , shares were issued under the ESPP and shares were issued under the ESPP during the same period in 2021. Performance and Service-Based Stock Options In September 2020, the compensation committee of the Company s board of directors granted options to employees that would commence vesting upon the closing of the Series C-2 financing and generally vest monthly over (the Performance Awards ). The Company recognizes expense based on the fair value of the Performance Awards over the estimated service period (under the graded vesting method) to the extent the achievement of the related performance criteria is estimated to be probable. The Company determined that the financing milestone was achieved during January 2021. Accordingly, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expenses related to the Performance Awards of approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the Performance Awards was per share. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Canceled/forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

The intrinsic value of options exercised was and million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The fair value of options vested was million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , there was approximately million of unrecognized stock-based compensation related to unvested stock options, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of years. - 

- 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

- 

Expected option life (in years) 
 
 - 

- 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair value per share of common stock 
 
 - 

- 

Expected Term The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that the options are expected to be outstanding. Due to the lack of historical exercise history, the expected term of the Company s employee stock options has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options, which use the midpoint between the vesting date and the expiration date of each option. Expected Volatility The estimated volatility was based on the historical volatility of the common stock of a group of publicly traded companies deemed comparable to the Company. Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is the implied yield in effect at the time of the option grant based on U.S. Treasury securities with contract maturities equal to the expected term of the Company s stock options. Dividend Rate The Company has not paid any cash dividends on common stock since inception and does not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, an expected dividend yield of zero was used. Fair Value of Common Stock Prior to the Company's IPO in February 2021, the fair value of the Company s common stock was determined by the Company s board of directors with assistance from management and an independent third-party valuation firm using an approach consistent with the methods outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation . Determining the best estimated fair value of the Company s common stock required significant judgment and management considered several factors, including the Company s stage of development, equity market conditions affecting comparable public companies, significant milestones and progress of research and development efforts. Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

General and administrative 

Total 

Restricted Stock Awards In December 2021, the Company issued restricted stock units under the 2021 Plan at a grant date fair value of per share. These restricted stock awards vest in equal quarterly installments over , subject to the employee's continued employment with, or services to, the Company on each vesting date. Each restricted stock award represents the right to receive one share of the Company's common stock when and if the applicable vesting conditions are satisfied. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Canceled/forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 , total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense relating to unvested restricted stock awards was million and the weighted-average remaining vesting period was years. The aggregate intrinsic value of restricted stock award is calculated as the closing price per share of the Company s common stock on the last trading day of the fiscal period, multiplied by the number of restricted stock awards expected to vest as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 , the aggregate intrinsic value of restricted stock awards was . 

 110 
 
 Table of Contents 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Common stock outstanding subject to repurchase related to unvested early exercised stock options and restricted stock awards 

() 

() 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Common stock outstanding subject to repurchase related to unvested early exercised stock options and restricted stock awards 

Total 

of the eligible employees compensation to the 401(k) plan. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company made contributions to the 401(k) plan of million and million, respectively. 
 related to state minimum taxes for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations and comprehensive loss.) 

() 

Permanent items 

Valuation allowance 

Stock-based compensation 

Research and development tax credits 

() 

Preferred tranche liability fair value adjustment 

Provision for income taxes 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of loss and credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Research tax credits 

Intangible assets 

Reserves and accruals 

Stock-based compensation 

Lease liability 

Capitalized research and development expenses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Property and equipment 

() 

() 

Prepaid assets 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

A valuation allowance is required to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. A full review of all positive and negative evidence needs to be considered. The Company has established a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to historical losses and uncertainty surrounding the use of such assets. The valuation allowance increased by million between December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 due primarily to the generation of operating losses. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of million and million, respectively. The federal net operating loss carryforwards generated prior to 2018 and state net operating loss carryforwards, if not utilized, will expire beginning in . Federal net operating losses aggregating million are not subject to expiration. The Company has research credit carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of approximately million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 . The federal credits begin to expire in and the state credits can be carried forward . Utilization of some of the federal and state net operating loss and credit carryforwards may be subject to annual limitations due to the change in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before utilization. The Company has performed a Section 382 study as of December 31, 2021 and expects approximately million of federal research and development tax credits and million of California net operating losses to expire unused due to Section 382 limitations. The Company files tax returns in the United States and California. The Company is not currently under examination in any of these jurisdictions and all of the Company s tax years remain effectively open to examination due to net operating loss carryforwards. The Company recognizes a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. Due to the existence of the full valuation allowance, future changes in unrecognized tax benefits will not impact the Company s effective tax rate. The Company does not foresee material changes to its liability for uncertain tax benefits within the next 12 months. 

Increase related to prior year positions 

Decrease related to prior year positions 

() 

Increase related to current year positions 

Balance at end of period 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , interest or penalties were required to be recognized relating for unrecognized tax benefits. In the event the Company should need to recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized income tax liabilities, this amount will be recorded as an accrued liability and an increase to income tax expense. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act was signed into law. Among other things, the CARES Act permits NOL carryovers and carrybacks to offset 100 of taxable income for taxable years beginning before 2021. In addition, the CARES Act allows NOLs incurred in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes. The CARES Act also contains modifications on the limitation of business interest for tax years beginning in 2019 and 2020. The modifications to Section 163(j) increase the allowable business interest deduction from 30 of adjusted taxable income to 50 of adjusted taxable income. The CARES Act did not have a significant impact to the Company for any years. On June 29, 2020, California Governor Newsom signed to law the state s budget package which included Assembly Bill 85 (AB 85). AB 85 contained two major tax changes: (1) it suspends the usage of net operating losses for certain taxpayers; and (2) it limits certain business tax credits for tax years 2020, 2021, and 2022. Senate Bill 113 (SB 113), which Governor Newsom signed into law Feb. 9, 2022, contains important California tax law changes, including reinstatement of 2022 business tax credits and net operating loss deductions limited by AB 85. The Company is in a taxable loss position in 2022 and 2021 and thus the bill has no impact on the financial statements. 

 113 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 It em 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Ite m 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation as of December 31, 2022, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 This Annual Report does not include an audit report of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to audit by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management's report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, because we are an emerging growth company defined in the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for so long as we are an emerging growth company. 
 114 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Remediation of Previously Identified Material Weakness 
 We have previously reported in Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 the following material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting: 
 We did not design or maintain an effective control environment commensurate with the financial reporting requirements. Specifically, we lacked a sufficient number of professionals with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters timely and accurately while maintaining appropriate segregation of duties. Without such professionals, we did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, procedures, and controls to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including controls over the preparation and review of account reconciliations and journal entries. 

As of December 31, 2022, management sufficiently completed its remediation of this material weakness by taking the following actions: 
 increased the number of accounting personnel; 

completed a comprehensive risk assessment to identify, design, and implement our internal controls; 

implemented improvement and refinement of our internal control related to our review of users with access to its key financial systems, specifically to validate and evidence that all users were subject to review and access was appropriate; 

refined our review of user access controls which restrict system users from having access to create and post journal entries; and 

completed the review and enhancement of business policies, procedures, and related internal controls to standardize business processes. 

We have completed the documentation and review of the corrective actions described above and our management has concluded that the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting is effective and therefore that this previously identified material weakness has been fully remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were material changes in our internal control over financial reporting related to changes in user access controls and segregation of duties during, as described above, the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 It em 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 115 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PA RT III 
 Ite m 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. Our code of business conduct and ethics is available under the Corporate Governance section of our website at www.boltbio.com. In addition, we post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or the listing standards of Nasdaq concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at or available through our website, and you should not consider it to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The remaining information required by this Item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 under the captions Proposal 1: Election of Directors and Executive Officers and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 It em 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 under the captions Executive Compensation , Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation of Non-Employee Board Members and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 It em 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 It em 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 under the captions and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Independence of the Board of Directors and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Ite m 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 under the caption Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 116 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PA RT IV 
 It em 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a)(1) The financial statements required to be filed by Items 8 and 15(c) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and filed herewith, are as follows: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238) 

89 

Balance Sheets 

90 

Statements of Operations 

91 

Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Deficit 

92 

Statements of Cash Flows 

93 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

94 

(a)(2) Financial statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this form, and by paragraph (b) below have been omitted as they are not applicable. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 The following is a list of Exhibits filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of the Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as currently in effect. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39988 
 
 3.1 
 
 2/9/2021 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, as currently in effect. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 3.4 
 
 1/15/2021 

4.1 
 
 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2. 

4.2 
 
 Form of common stock certificate of the Registrant. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 4.1 
 
 1/15/2021 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-39988 
 
 4.3 
 
 3/31/2021 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated June 26, 2020, by and among the Registrant and the investors listed on Schedule A thereto. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.2+ 
 
 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/1/2021 

10.3+ 
 
 Forms of Option Agreement, Stock Option Grant Notice and Notice of Exercise under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.3 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.4+ 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.4 
 
 2/1/2021 

10.5+ 
 
 Forms of Option Agreement, Stock Option Grant Notice and Notice of Exercise under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.5 
 
 2/1/2021 

10.6+ 
 
 Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.6 
 
 2/1/2021 

10.7+ 
 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.7 
 
 2/1/2021 

10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, by and between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.8 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.9 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.9 
 
 1/15/2021 

117 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

10.10+ 
 
 Offer of Employment by and between the Registrant and Randall C. Schatzman, dated June 10, 2019. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.10 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.11+ 
 
 Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and William Quinn, dated April 14, 2020. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.11 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.12+ 
 
 Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Edith Perez, dated March 16, 2020. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.13 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.13+ 
 
 Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Grant Yonehiro, dated October 26, 2016. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.14 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.14 
 
 Sublease Agreement by and between the Registrant and Armo Biosciences, Inc., dated April 18, 2019. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.17 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.15 
 
 Consent to Sublease Agreement by and between the Registrant, Armo Biosciences, Inc. and HCP LS Redwood City, LLC, dated June 14, 2019. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.18 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.16 
 
 Britannia Seaport Centre Lease by and between the Registrant and HCP LS Redwood City, LLC, dated August 7, 2020 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.19 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.17# 
 
 Exclusive (Equity) Agreement by and between the Registrant and The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University, dated May 18, 2015, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Exclusive (Equity) Agreement by and between the Registrant and The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University, dated August 2, 2016, and Amendment No. 2 to Exclusive (Equity) Agreement by and between the Registrant and The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University dated June 25, 2018. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.20 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.18# 
 
 Exclusive Agreement by and between the Registrant and The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University, dated June 1, 2018. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.21 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.19# 
 
 Master Services Agreement by and between the Registrant and Piramal Healthcare UK Ltd, dated June 26, 2018. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-252136 
 
 10.23 
 
 1/15/2021 

10.20+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between the Registrant and David Dornan, Ph.D., dated March 3, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39988 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/4/2022 

10.21# 
 
 Amended and Restated Supply Agreement between the Registrant and EirGenix, Inc., dated January 25, 2022. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39988 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/12/2022 

10.22 
 
 Sales Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Cowen and Company, LLC dated March 30, 2022. 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-263994 
 
 1.2 
 
 3/30/2022 

10.23# 
 
 Clarification Letter dated April 27, 2022 between the Registrant and EirGenix, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39988 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/10/2022 

10.24+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Severance and Change in Control Plan. 

X 

10.25 
 
 First Amendment to Britannia Seaport Centre Lease by and between the Registrant and HCP LS Redwood City, LLC, dated November 7, 2022. 

X 

118 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 

X 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (see signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

X 

+ 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

# 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted as the Registrant has determined that the omitted information (i) is not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the Registrant if publicly disclosed. 

The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Ite m 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 119 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 BOLT BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D. 

Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS , that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D. and William P. Quinn, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or either of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D. Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ William P. Quinn William P. Quinn 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Laura Berner Laura Berner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Edgar G. Engleman, M.D. Edgar G. Engleman, M.D 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ James I. Healy, M.D James I. Healy, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Kathleen LaPorte Kathleen LaPorte 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Frank D. Lee Frank D. Lee 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Richard A. Miller, M.D. Richard A. Miller, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Brian O Callaghan Brian O Callaghan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Nicole Onetto, M.D. Nicole Onetto, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Mahendra G. Shah, Ph.D. Mahendra G. Shah, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

120 
 
 Table of Contents 

121 

<EX-10>
 2
 bolt-ex10_24.htm
 EX-10.24

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.24 
 Exhibit 10.24 
 B OLT B IOTHERAPEUTICS , I NC . S EVERANCE AND C HANGE IN C ONTROL P LAN 
 Modified BY THE Compensation Committee : 12/5/2022 Section 1.	I NTRODUCTION . 
 The Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. Severance and Change in Control Plan (the Plan was established on February 5, 2021. The purpose of the Plan is to provide for the payment of severance and/or Change in Control (as defined below) benefits to eligible key employees of Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company in the event that such individuals become subject to certain involuntary or constructive employment terminations. Except as otherwise provided in an individual Participation Agreement, this Plan shall supersede any severance or change in control benefit plan, policy or practice previously maintained by the Company, and any such benefits set forth in any individually negotiated employment letter or agreement between the Company and an individual employee or other service provider. This Plan document also is the Summary Plan Description for the Plan. 
 
 For purposes of the Plan, the following terms are defined as follows: 
 
 (a) Affiliate means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 

(b) Base Salary means base pay (excluding incentive pay, premium pay, commissions, overtime, bonuses and other forms of variable compensation) as in effect prior to any reduction that would give rise to an employee s right to resign for Good Reason (if applicable). 

(c) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company; provided, however, that if the Board has delegated authority to administer the Plan to the Compensation Committee of the Board, then Board shall also mean the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

(d) Cause means, with respect to a particular employee, the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between such employee and the Company defining such term, and, in the absence of such agreement, means with respect to such employee, the term Cause, as defined in the Equity Plan. The determination whether a termination is for Cause shall be made by the Plan Administrator in its sole and exclusive judgment and discretion. 

(e) Change in Control has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Equity Plan. 

(f) Change in Control Period means the period commencing three (3) months prior to the effective date of a Change in Control and ending twelve (12) months following the effective date of such Change in Control. 

(g) Change in Control Termination means an Involuntary Termination that occurs within the Change in Control Period. For such purposes, if the events giving rise to an employee s right to resign for Good Reason arise within the Change in Control Period, and the employee s resignation occurs not later than thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Cure Period (as defined below), such termination shall be a Change in Control Termination. 

Exhibit 10.24 
 (h) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985. 

(i) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 

(j) Company means Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. or, following a Change in Control, the surviving entity resulting from such event. 

(k) Covered Termination means a Regular Termination or a Change in Control 

Termination. 
 
 (l) Director means a member of the Board. 

(m) Disability means any physical or mental condition which renders an employee incapable of performing the work for which he or she was employed by the Company or similar work offered by the Company. The Disability of an employee shall be established if (i) the employee satisfies the requirements for benefits under the Company s long-term disability plan or (ii) if no long-term disability plan, the employee satisfies the requirements for Social Security disability benefits. 

(n) Eligible Employee means an employee of the Company that meets the requirements to be eligible to receive Plan benefits as set forth in Section 2 and is designated in writing as eligible to participate in the Plan by the Plan Administrator. 

(o) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other 

entity. 
 
 (p) Equity Plan means the Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, or any successor plan thereto. 

(q) Good Reason for an employee s resignation has the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between such employee and the Company defining such term, and, in the absence of such agreement, means with respect to such employee the occurrence of any of the following events, conditions or actions taken by the Company without Cause and without such employee s consent: 

(i) a material reduction of such employee s annual base salary, which is a reduction of at least 10 of such employee s base salary (unless pursuant to a salary reduction program applicable generally to the Company s similarly situated employees); (ii) a material reduction in such employee s authority, duties or responsibilities, provided, however, that a change in job position or level (including a change in title) shall not be deemed a material reduction in and of itself unless such employee s new duties and responsibilities are substantially reduced from the prior duties and responsibilities; (iii) a material breach by the Company of any provision of this Plan or any other material agreement between such employee and the Company concerning the terms and conditions of such employee s employment with the Company; or (iv) a relocation of such employee s principal place of employment with the Company (or successor to the Company, if applicable) to a place that increases such employee s one-way commute by more than fifty (50) miles as compared to such employee s then-current principal place of employment immediately prior to such relocation (excluding regular travel in the ordinary course of business); provided that, if such employee s principal place of employment is his or her personal residence, this clause (iv) shall not apply; provided, however , that in each case above, in order for the employee s resignation to be deemed to have been for Good Reason, the employee must first give the Company written notice of the action or omission giving rise to Good Reason within thirty (30) days after the first occurrence thereof; the Company must fail to reasonably cure such action or omission within thirty (30) 

Exhibit 10.24 
 days after receipt of such notice (the Cure Period ), and the employee s resignation must be effective not later than thirty (30) days after the expiration of such Cure Period. 
 
 (r) Involuntary Termination means a termination of employment that is due to: 
 (1) a termination by the Company without Cause (and other than as a result of the employee s death or Disability) or (2) an employee s resignation for Good Reason, provided that in any case such termination is also a Separation from Service. 

(s) Own, Owned, Owner , Ownership means a person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 

(t) Participation Agreement means an agreement between an employee and the Company in substantially the form of Appendix A attached hereto, and which may include such other terms as the Board deems necessary or advisable in the administration of the Plan. 

(u) Plan Administrator means the Board prior to the effective date of a Change in Control and the Representative upon and following such date. 

(v) Representative means one or more members of the Board or other persons or entities designated by the Board prior to or in connection with a Change in Control that will have authority to administer and interpret the Plan upon and following the effective date of such Change in Control as provided in Section 10(a). 

(w) Regular Termination means an Involuntary Termination that is not a Change in Control Termination. 

(x) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the treasury regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar effect . 

(y) Separation from Service means a separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative definition thereunder . 

Section 2.	E LIGIBILITY FOR B ENEFITS . 
 
 (a) Eligible Employee . An employee of the Company is eligible to participate in the Plan if (i) the Board has designated such employee as eligible to participate in the Plan by providing such person with a Participation Agreement; (ii) such employee has signed and returned such Participation Agreement to the Company within the period specified therein; (iii) such employee s employment with the Company terminates due to a Covered Termination; and (iv) such employee meets the other Plan eligibility requirements set forth in this Section 2. The determination of whether an employee is an Eligible Employee shall be made by the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, and such determination shall be binding and conclusive on all persons. 

Exhibit 10.24 
 (b) Release Requirement. Except as otherwise provided in an individual Participation Agreement, in order to be eligible to receive benefits under the Plan, the employee also must execute a general waiver and release, in such a form as provided by the Company (the Release ), within the applicable time period set forth therein, and such Release must become effective in accordance with its terms, which must occur in no event more than sixty (60) days following the date of the applicable Covered Termination . 

(c) Exceptions to Benefit Entitlement. An employee who otherwise is an Eligible Employee will not receive benefits under the Plan in the following circumstances, as determined by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion: 

(1) The employee is terminated by the Company for any reason or voluntarily terminates employment with the Company in any manner (including due to the employee s death or Disability), and in either case, such termination does not constitute a Covered Termination. Voluntary terminations include, but are not limited to, resignation, retirement or failure to return from a leave of absence on the scheduled date. 

(2) The employee voluntarily terminates employment with the Company in order to accept employment with another entity that is wholly or partly owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company or an Affiliate. 

(3) The employee is offered an identical or substantially equivalent or comparable position with the Company or an Affiliate. For purposes of the foregoing, a substantially equivalent or comparable position is one that provides the employee substantially the same level of responsibility and compensation and would not give rise to the employee s right to resign for Good Reason. 

(4) The employee is offered immediate reemployment by a successor to the Company or an Affiliate or by a purchaser of the Company s assets, as the case may be, following a Change in Control and the terms of such reemployment would not give rise to the employee s right to resign for Good Reason. For purposes of the foregoing, immediate reemployment means that the employee s employment with the successor to the Company or an Affiliate or the purchaser of its assets, as the case may be, results in uninterrupted employment such that the employee does not incur a lapse in pay or benefits as a result of the change in ownership of the Company or the sale of its assets. For the avoidance of doubt, an employee who becomes immediately reemployed as described in this Section 2(c)(4) by a successor to the Company or an Affiliate or by a purchaser of the Company s assets, as the case may be, following a Change in Control shall continue to be an Eligible Employee following the date of such reemployment. 

(d) Termination of Severance Benefits . An Eligible Employee s right to receive severance benefits under this Plan shall terminate immediately if, at any time prior to or during the period for which the Eligible Employee is receiving severance benefits under the Plan, the Eligible Employee, without the prior written approval of the Plan Administrator, engages in a Prohibited Action (as defined below). In addition, if benefits under the Plan have already been paid to the Eligible Employee and the Eligible Employee subsequently engages in a Prohibited Action during the Prohibited Period (or it is determined that an Eligible Employee engaged in a Prohibited Action prior to receipt of such benefits), any benefits previously paid to the Eligible Employee shall be subject to recoupment by the Company on such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Prohibited Period shall commence on the date of the Eligible Employee s Covered Termination and continue for the number of months corresponding to the Severance Period set forth in such Eligible Employee s Participation Agreement. A Prohibited Action shall occur if the Eligible Employee: (i) 

Exhibit 10.24 
 breaches any material statutory, common law, or contractual obligation to the Company or an Affiliate (including, without limitation, the contractual obligations set forth in the Company s standard employee confidentiality agreement, the Release and/or any other obligations of confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-disparagement, no conflicts or non-competition set forth in the Eligible Employee s employment agreement, offer letter, any other written agreement between the Eligible Employee and the Company, or under applicable law); (ii) encourages or solicits any of the Company s then current employees to leave the Company s employ for any reason or interferes in any other manner with employment relationships at the time existing between the Company and its then current employees; or (iii) induces any of the Company s then current clients, customers, suppliers, vendors, distributors, licensors, licensees, or other third parties to terminate their existing business relationship with the Company or interferes in any other manner with any existing business relationship between the Company and any then current client, customer, supplier, vendor, distributor, licensor, licensee, or other third parties. 
 
 Section 3. A MOUNT OF B ENEFIT . 
 
 (a) Severance Benefit. Benefits under the Plan shall be provided to an Eligible Employee as set forth in the Participation Agreement. 

(b) Additional Benefits. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, provide benefits to employees or consultants who are not Eligible Employees Non- Eligible Employees chosen by the Board, in its sole discretion, and the provision of any such benefits to a Non-Eligible Employee shall in no way obligate the Company to provide such benefits to any other Non-Eligible Employee, even if similarly situated. If benefits under the Plan are provided to a Non- Eligible Employee, references in the Plan to Eligible Employee (and similar references) shall be deemed to refer to such Non-Eligible Employee. 

(c) Certain Reductions. The Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the authority to reduce an Eligible Employee s severance benefits, in whole or in part, by any other severance benefits, pay and benefits provided during a period following written notice of a plant closing or mass layoff, pay and benefits in lieu of such notice, or other similar benefits payable to the Eligible Employee by the Company or an Affiliate that become payable in connection with the Eligible Employee s termination of employment pursuant to (i) any applicable legal requirement, including, without limitation, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or any other similar state law, (ii) any individually negotiated employment contract or agreement or any other written employment or severance agreement with the Company, or (iii) any Company policy or practice providing for the Eligible Employee to remain on the payroll for a limited period of time after being given notice of the termination of the Eligible Employee s employment, and the Plan Administrator shall so construe and implement the terms of the Plan. Any such reductions that the Company determines to make pursuant to this Section 3(c) shall be made such that any benefit under the Plan shall be reduced solely by any similar type of benefit under such legal requirement, agreement, policy or practice i.e ., any cash severance benefits under the Plan shall be reduced solely by any cash payments or severance benefits under such legal requirement, agreement, policy or practice, and any continued insurance benefits under the Plan shall be reduced solely by any continued insurance benefits under such legal requirement, agreement, policy or practice). The Company s decision to apply such reductions to the severance benefits of one Eligible Employee and the amount of such reductions shall in no way obligate the Company to apply the same reductions in the same amounts to the severance benefits of any other Eligible Employee, even if similarly situated. In the Company s sole discretion, such reductions may be applied on a retroactive basis, with severance benefits previously paid being re-characterized as payments pursuant to the Company s statutory obligation. 

Exhibit 10.24 
 (d) Parachute Payments. Except as otherwise provided in an individual Participation Agreement, if any payment or benefit an Eligible Employee will or may receive from the Company or otherwise (a Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then any such Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after reduction) being subject to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount (i.e., the amount determined by clause (x) or by clause (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in the Eligible Employee s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (x) of the preceding sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for the Eligible Employee. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). 

Notwithstanding any provisions in this Section above to the contrary, if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A, then the Reduction Method and/or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A as follows: (A) as a first priority, the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible, the greatest economic benefit for the Eligible Employee as determined on an after-tax basis; (B) as a second priority, Payments that are contingent on future events e.g. , being terminated without Cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future events; and (C) as a third priority, Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 
 The Company shall appoint a nationally recognized accounting or law firm to make the determinations required by this Section 3. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting or law firm required to be made hereunder. If the Eligible Employee receives a Payment for which the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (x) above and the Internal Revenue Service determines thereafter that some portion of the Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, Eligible Employee agrees to promptly return to the Company a sufficient amount of the Payment (after reduction pursuant to clause (x) above) so that no portion of the remaining Payment is subject to the Excise Tax. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (y) above, the Eligible Employee shall have no obligation to return any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence. 
 
 Section 4.	R ETURN OF C OMPANY P ROPERTY . 
 
 An Eligible Employee will not be entitled to any severance benefit under the Plan unless and until the Eligible Employee returns all Company Property. For this purpose, Company Property means all Company documents (and all copies thereof) and other Company property which the Eligible Employee had in his or her possession at any time, including, but not limited to, Company files, notes, drawings, records, plans, forecasts, reports, studies, analyses, proposals, agreements, financial information, research and development information, sales and marketing information, operational and personnel information, specifications, code, software, databases, computer-recorded information, tangible property and equipment (including, but not limited to, computers, facsimile machines, mobile telephones, servers), credit cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys; and any materials of any kind which 

Exhibit 10.24 
 contain or embody any proprietary or confidential information of the Company (and all reproductions thereof in whole or in part). As a condition to receiving benefits under the Plan, an Eligible Employee must not make or retain copies, reproductions or summaries of any such Company documents, materials or property. However, an Eligible Employee is not required to return his or her personal copies of documents evidencing the Eligible Employee s hire, termination, compensation, benefits and stock options and any other documentation received as a stockholder of the Company. 
 
 Section 5. T IME OF P AYMENT AND F ORM OF B ENEFIT . 
 
 The Company reserves the right in the Participation Agreement to specify whether severance payments under the Plan will be paid in a single sum, in installments, or in any other form and to determine the timing of such payments. All such payments under the Plan will be subject to applicable withholding for federal, state and local taxes. If an Eligible Employee is indebted to the Company on his or her termination date, the Company reserves the right to offset any severance payments under the Plan by the amount of such indebtedness. All severance benefits provided under the Plan are intended to satisfy the requirements for an exemption from application of Section 409A to the maximum extent that an exemption is available and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly; provided, however, that to the extent such an exemption is not available, the severance benefits provided under the Plan are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal tax consequences and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any payments and benefits provided under the Plan that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall not commence in connection with an Eligible Employee s termination of employment unless and until the Eligible Employee has also incurred a Separation from Service, , unless the Company reasonably determines that such amounts may be provided to the Eligible Employee without causing the Eligible Employee to incur the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A. 
 
 It is intended that (i) each installment of any benefits payable under the Plan to an Eligible Employee be regarded as a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(i), (ii) all payments of any such benefits under the Plan satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and (iii) any such benefits consisting of COBRA premiums also satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemption from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v). However, if the Company determines that any such benefits payable under the Plan constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A and the Eligible Employee is a specified employee of the Company, as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, (A) the timing of such benefit payments shall be delayed until the earlier of (1) the date that is six (6) months and one (1) day after the Eligible Employee s Separation from Service and (2) the date of the Eligible Employee s death (such applicable date, the Delayed Initial Payment Date ), and (B) the Company shall (1) pay the Eligible Employee a lump sum amount equal to the sum of the benefit payments that the Eligible Employee would otherwise have received through the Delayed Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of the benefits had not been delayed pursuant to this paragraph and (2) commence paying the balance, if any, of the benefits in accordance with the applicable payment schedule. 
 
 In no event shall payment of any benefits under the Plan be made prior to an Eligible Employee s termination date or prior to the effective date of the Release. If the Company determines that any payments or benefits provided under the Plan constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A, and the Eligible Employee s Separation from Service occurs at a time during the calendar year 

Exhibit 10.24 
 when the Release could become effective in the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Eligible Employee s Separation from Service occurs, then regardless of when the Release is returned to the Company and becomes effective, the Release will not be deemed effective any earlier than the latest permitted effective date (the Release Deadline ). If the Company determines that any payments or benefits provided under the Plan constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A, then except to the extent that payments may be delayed until the Delayed Initial Payment Date pursuant to the preceding paragraph, on the first regular payroll date following the effective date of an Eligible Employee s Release, the Company shall (1) pay the Eligible Employee a lump sum amount equal to the sum of the benefit payments that the Eligible Employee would otherwise have received through such payroll date but for the delay in payment related to the effectiveness of the Release and (2) commence paying the balance, if any, of the benefits in accordance with the applicable payment schedule. 
 
 All severance payments under the Plan shall be subject to applicable withholding for federal, state and local taxes. If an Eligible Employee is indebted to the Company at his or her termination date, the Company reserves the right to offset any severance payments under the Plan by the amount of such indebtedness. 
 
 Section 6.	T RANSFER AND A SSIGNMENT . 
 
 The rights and obligations of an Eligible Employee under this Plan may not be transferred or assigned without the prior written consent of the Company. This Plan shall be binding upon any entity or person who is a successor by merger, acquisition, consolidation or otherwise to the business formerly carried on by the Company without regard to whether or not such entity or person actively assumes the obligations hereunder and without regard to whether or not a Change in Control occurs. 
 
 Section 7.	M ITIGATION . 
 
 Except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan, an Eligible Employee will not be required to mitigate damages or the amount of any payment provided under the Plan by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor will the amount of any payment provided for under the Plan be reduced by any compensation earned by an Eligible Employee as a result of employment by another employer or any retirement benefits received by such Eligible Employee after the date of the Eligible Employee s termination of employment with the Company. 
 
 Section 8.	C LAWBACK ; R ECOVERY . 
 
 All payments and severance benefits provided under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition, the Plan Administrator may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions as the Plan Administrator determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of common stock of the Company or other cash or property upon the occurrence of a termination of employment for Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for Good Reason, constructive termination, or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 
 
 Section 9.	R EEMPLOYMENT . 
 
 In the event of an Eligible Employee s reemployment by the Company during the period of time in respect of which severance benefits pursuant to the Plan have been paid, the Company, in its 

Exhibit 10.24 
 sole and absolute discretion, may require such Eligible Employee to repay to the Company all or a portion of such severance benefits as a condition of reemployment. 
 
 Section 10.	R IGHT TO I NTERPRET AND A DMINISTER P LAN ; A MENDMENT OR T ERMINATION . 
 
 (a) Interpretation and Administration. Prior to the effective date of a Change in Control, the Board shall be the Plan Administrator and shall have the exclusive discretion and authority to establish rules, forms, and procedures for the administration of the Plan and to construe and interpret the Plan and to decide any and all questions of fact, interpretation, definition, computation or administration arising in connection with the operation of the Plan, including, but not limited to, the eligibility to participate in the Plan and amount of benefits paid under the Plan. The rules, interpretations, computations and other actions of the Board shall be binding and conclusive on all persons. Upon and after the effective date of Change in Control, the Plan will be interpreted and administered in good faith by the Representative who shall be the Plan Administrator during such period. All actions taken by the Representative in interpreting the terms of the Plan and administering the Plan upon and after the effective date of a Change in Control will be final and binding on all Eligible Employees. Any references in this Plan to the Board or Plan Administrator with respect to periods following the effective date of a Change in Control shall mean the Representative. 

(b) Amendment or Termination. The Plan Administrator reserves the right to amend or terminate this Plan at any time, without advance notice to any Eligible Employee and without regard to the effect of the amendment or termination on any Eligible Employee or on any other individual, except as otherwise provided herein or in an individual Participation Agreement. Any amendment or termination of the Plan will be in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Eligible Employee s rights to receive payments and benefits pursuant to the Plan under an effective Participation Agreement may not be adversely affected, without the Eligible Employee s written consent, by an amendment or termination of the Plan. 

Section 11.	N O I MPLIED E MPLOYMENT C ONTRACT . 
 
 The Plan shall not be deemed (i) to give any employee or other person any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or (ii) to interfere with the right of the Company to discharge any employee or other person at any time, with or without cause, which right is hereby reserved. 
 
 Section 12.	L EGAL C ONSTRUCTION . 
 
 This Plan is intended to be governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA and, to the extent not preempted by ERISA, the laws of the State of California. 
 
 Section 13.	C LAIMS , I NQUIRIES AND A PPEALS . 
 
 (a) Applications for Benefits and Inquiries. Any application for benefits, inquiries about the Plan or inquiries about present or future rights under the Plan must be submitted to the Plan Administrator in writing by an applicant (or his or her authorized representative). The Plan Administrator is: 

Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 Board of Directors 900 Chesapeake Drive 
 Redwood City, CA 94063 

10 . 
 234164138 v1 
 
 Exhibit 10.24 
 (b) Denial of Claims. In the event that any application for benefits is denied in whole or in part, the Plan Administrator must provide the applicant with written or electronic notice of the denial of the application, and of the applicant s right to review the denial. Any electronic notice will comply with the regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor. The notice of denial will be set forth in a manner designed to be understood by the applicant and will include the following: 

(1) the specific reason or reasons for the denial; 

(2) references to the specific Plan provisions upon which the denial is 

based; 
 
 (3) a description of any additional information or material that the Plan Administrator needs to complete the review and an explanation of why such information or material is necessary; and 

(4) an explanation of the Plan s review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the applicant s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following a denial on review of the claim, as described in Section 13(d) below. 

This notice of denial will be given to the applicant within ninety (90) days after the Plan Administrator receives the application, unless special circumstances require an extension of time, in which case, the Plan Administrator has up to an additional ninety (90) days for processing the application. If an extension of time for processing is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the applicant before the end of the initial ninety (90) day period. 
 
 This notice of extension will describe the special circumstances necessitating the additional time and the date by which the Plan Administrator is to render its decision on the application. 
 
 (c) Request for a Review. Any person (or that person s authorized representative) for whom an application for benefits is denied, in whole or in part, may appeal the denial by submitting a request for a review to the Plan Administrator within sixty (60) days after the application is denied. A request for a review shall be in writing and shall be addressed to: 

Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 Board of Directors 900 Chesapeake Drive 
 Redwood City, CA 94063 
 
 A request for review must set forth all of the grounds on which it is based, all facts in support of the request and any other matters that the applicant feels are pertinent. The applicant (or his or her representative) shall have the opportunity to submit (or the Plan Administrator may require the applicant to submit) written comments, documents, records, and other information relating to his or her claim. The applicant (or his or her representative) shall be provided, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to his or her claim. The review shall take into account all comments, documents, records and other information submitted by the applicant (or his or her representative) relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. 
 
 (d) Decision on Review. The Plan Administrator will act on each request for review within sixty (60) days after receipt of the request, unless special circumstances require an extension of time (not to exceed an additional sixty (60) days), for processing the request for a review. If an extension 

12 . 
 234164138 v1 
 
 Exhibit 10.24 
 for review is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the applicant within the initial sixty (60) day period. This notice of extension will describe the special circumstances necessitating the additional time and the date by which the Plan Administrator is to render its decision on the review. The Plan Administrator will give prompt, written or electronic notice of its decision to the applicant. Any electronic notice will comply with the regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor. In the event that the Plan Administrator confirms the denial of the application for benefits in whole or in part, the notice will set forth, in a manner calculated to be understood by the applicant, the following: 
 
 (1) the specific reason or reasons for the denial; 

(2) references to the specific Plan provisions upon which the denial is 

based; 
 
 (3) a statement that the applicant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to his or her claim; and 

(4) a statement of the applicant s right to bring a civil action under Section 

502(a) of ERISA. 
 
 (e) Rules and Procedures. The Plan Administrator will establish rules and procedures, consistent with the Plan and with ERISA, as necessary and appropriate in carrying out its responsibilities in reviewing benefit claims. The Plan Administrator may require an applicant who wishes to submit additional information in connection with an appeal from the denial of benefits to do so at the applicant s own expense. 

(f) Exhaustion of Remedies. No legal action for benefits under the Plan may be brought until the applicant (i) has submitted a written application for benefits in accordance with the procedures described by Section 13(a) above, (ii) has been notified by the Plan Administrator that the application is denied, (iii) has filed a written request for a review of the application in accordance with the appeal procedure described in Section 13(c) above, and (iv) has been notified that the Plan Administrator has denied the appeal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Plan Administrator does not respond to an Eligible Employee s claim or appeal within the relevant time limits specified in this Section 13, the Eligible Employee may bring legal action for benefits under the Plan pursuant to Section 502(a) of ERISA. 

Section 14.	B ASIS OF P AYMENTS TO AND FROM P LAN . 
 
 The Plan shall be unfunded, and all cash payments under the Plan shall be paid only from the general assets of the Company. 
 
 Section 15.	O THER P LAN I NFORMATION . 
 
 (a) Employer and Plan Identification Numbers. The Employer Identification Number assigned to the Company (which is the Plan Sponsor as that term is used in ERISA) by the Internal Revenue Service is 47-2804636. The Plan Number assigned to the Plan by the Plan Sponsor pursuant to the instructions of the Internal Revenue Service is 510. 

(b) Ending Date for Plan s Fiscal Year. The date of the end of the fiscal year for the purpose of maintaining the Plan s records is December 31. 

Exhibit 10.24 
 (c) Agent for the Service of Legal Process. The agent for the service of legal process with respect to the Plan is: 

Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. 900 Chesapeake Drive Redwood City, CA 94063 
 
 In addition, service of legal process may be made upon the Plan Administrator. 
 
 (d) Plan Sponsor. The Plan Sponsor is: 

Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. 900 Chesapeake Drive Redwood City, CA 94063 
 
 (e) Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator is the Board prior to the effective date of a Change in Control and the Representative upon and following such date. The Plan Administrator s contact information is: 

Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 Board of Directors or Representative 900 Chesapeake Drive 
 Redwood City, CA 94063 
 
 The Plan Administrator is the named fiduciary charged with the responsibility for administering the Plan. 
 
 Section 16.	S TATEMENT OF ERISA R IGHTS . 
 
 Participants in this Plan (which is a welfare benefit plan sponsored by Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc.) are entitled to certain rights and protections under ERISA. If you are an Eligible Employee, you are considered a participant in the Plan and, under ERISA, you are entitled to: 
 
 (a) Receive Information About Your Plan and Benefits. 

(1) Examine, without charge, at the Plan Administrator s office and at other specified locations, such as worksites, all documents governing the Plan and a copy of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series), if applicable, filed by the Plan with the U.S. Department of Labor and available at the Public Disclosure Room of the Employee Benefits Security Administration; 

(2) Obtain, upon written request to the Plan Administrator, copies of documents governing the operation of the Plan and copies of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series), if applicable, and an updated (as necessary) Summary Plan Description. The Administrator may make a reasonable charge for the copies; and 

(3) Receive a summary of the Plan s annual financial report, if applicable. The Plan Administrator is required by law to furnish each Eligible Employee with a copy of this summary annual report. 

(b) Prudent Actions by Plan Fiduciaries. In addition to creating rights for Plan Eligible Employees, ERISA imposes duties upon the people who are responsible for the operation of the employee benefit plan. The people who operate the Plan, called fiduciaries of the Plan, have a duty to 

15 . 
 234164138 v1 

do so prudently and in the interest of you and other Eligible Employees and beneficiaries. No one, including your employer, your union or any other person, may fire you or otherwise discriminate against you in any way to prevent you from obtaining a Plan benefit or exercising your rights under ERISA. 
 
 (c) Enforce Your Rights. If your claim for a Plan benefit is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you have a right to know why this was done, to obtain copies of documents relating to the decision without charge, and to appeal any denial, all within certain time schedules. 

Under ERISA, there are steps you can take to enforce the above rights. For instance, if you request a copy of Plan documents or the latest annual report from the Plan, if applicable, and do not receive them within thirty (30) days, you may file suit in a Federal court. In such a case, the court may require the Plan Administrator to provide the materials and pay you up to 110 a day until you receive the materials, unless the materials were not sent because of reasons beyond the control of the Plan Administrator. 
 
 If you have a claim for benefits which is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you may file suit in a state or Federal court. 
 
 If you are discriminated against for asserting your rights, you may seek assistance from the U.S. Department of Labor, or you may file suit in a Federal court. The court will decide who should pay court costs and legal fees. If you are successful, the court may order the person you have sued to pay these costs and fees. If you lose, the court may order you to pay these costs and fees, for example, if it finds your claim is frivolous. 
 
 (d) Assistance with Your Questions. If you have any questions about the Plan, you should contact the Plan Administrator. If you have any questions about this statement or about your rights under ERISA, or if you need assistance in obtaining documents from the Plan Administrator, you should contact the nearest office of the Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, listed in your telephone directory or the Division of Technical Assistance and Inquiries, Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, D.C. 20210. You may also obtain certain publications about your rights and responsibilities under ERISA by calling the publications hotline of the Employee Benefits Security Administration. 

13. 

A PPENDIX A 

B OLT B IOTHERAPEUTICS , I NC . S EVERANCE AND C HANGE IN C ONTROL P LAN 
 P ARTICIPATION A GREEMENT 
 Name: 	 
 
 Section 1.	E LIGIBILITY . 
 
 You have been designated as eligible to participate in the Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. Severance and Change in Control Plan (the Plan ), a copy of which is attached as Annex I to this Participation Agreement (the Agreement ). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan. 
 
 Section 2.	S EVERANCE B ENEFITS . 
 
 Subject to the terms of the Plan and Section 4 of this Agreement, if you are terminated in a Covered Termination, and meet all the other eligibility requirements set forth in the Plan, including, without limitation, executing the required Release within the applicable time period set forth therein and provided that such Release becomes effective in accordance with its terms, you will receive the severance benefits set forth in this Section 2. Notwithstanding the schedule for provision of severance benefits as set forth below, the provision of any severance benefits under this Section 2 is subject to any delay in payment that may be required under Section 5 of the Plan. 
 
 (a) Regular Termination. Upon a Regular Termination, you shall be eligible to receive the following severance benefits during the[twelve (12) / nine (9) / six (6)] 1 months following your employment termination (the Severance Period . 

(1) Cash Severance Benefits . You will be entitled to continue to receive the cash severance benefits set forth below, which will be paid to you in equal payroll installments over the applicable Severance Period, provided however that any such payments otherwise scheduled to be made prior to the effective date of your Release will instead accrue and be paid to you on the first payroll period following your Release effective date: 

(i) continued payment of your Base Salary[; and 

(ii) an additional amount equal to a pro-rata portion of the annual target cash bonus, if any, established for you by the Board (or an authorized committee or designee thereof) for the year in which your Regular Termination occurs. If at the time of the Regular Termination you are eligible for the annual target cash bonus for the year in which the Regular Termination occurs, but the target percentage (or target dollar amount, if specified as such in the applicable bonus plan) for such bonus has not yet been established for such year, the target percentage shall be the target percentage established for you for the preceding year (but adjusted, if necessary for your position for the year in which the Termination occurs). For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of the pro-rata annual target bonus to which you are entitled under this Section 2(a)(1)(ii) will be calculated (1) assuming all articulated performance goals for such bonus (including, but not limited to, corporate and individual 

1 NTD : Insert 12 months for the CEO, 9 months for C-Suite/SVP executives, and 6 months for VP-level 

executives. 

performance, if applicable), for the year of the Regular Termination was achieved at 100 of the target performance levels; (2) with the pro-rata portion of such amount determined by dividing the number of days you were employed by the Company for the year of the Regular Termination by the total number of days in such calendar year; and (3) ignoring any reduction in your Base Salary that would give rise to your right to resign for Good Reason (such bonus to which you are entitled under this Section 2(a)(1)(ii). 2 ][; and 
 
 (iii) an additional amount equal to any performance bonus that you had earned as of the date of your Regular Termination for the calendar year preceding the Regular Termination, but which has not yet been paid as of the date of your Regular Termination, if and to the extent applicable.] 3 

(2) Payment of Continued Group Health Plan Benefits . 

(i) If you timely elect continued group health plan continuation coverage under COBRA following your termination date, the Company shall pay directly to the carrier the full amount of your COBRA premiums, or shall provide coverage under any self-funded plan, on behalf of you for your continued coverage under the Company s group health plans, including coverage for your eligible dependents, until the earliest of (i) the end of the Severance Period following the date of your termination, (ii) the expiration of your eligibility for the continuation coverage under COBRA, or 

(iii) the date when you become eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment (such period from your termination date through the earliest of (i) through (iii), the COBRA Payment Period ). Upon the conclusion of such period of insurance premium payments made by the Company, or the provision of coverage under a self-funded group health plan, you will be responsible for the entire payment of premiums (or payment for the cost of coverage) required under COBRA for the duration of your eligible COBRA coverage period. For purposes of this Section, 
 (i) references to COBRA shall be deemed to refer also to analogous provisions of state law and (ii) any applicable insurance premiums that are paid by the Company shall not include any amounts payable by you under an Internal Revenue Code Section 125 health care reimbursement plan, which amounts, if any, are your sole responsibility. You agree to promptly notify the Company as soon as you become eligible for health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment. 

(ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that it cannot provide the COBRA premium benefits without potentially incurring financial costs or penalties under applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then in lieu of paying COBRA premiums directly to the carrier on your behalf, the Company will instead pay you on the last day of each remaining month of the COBRA Payment Period a fully taxable cash payment equal to the COBRA premium for that month, subject to applicable tax withholding (such amount, the Special Severance Payment ), such Special Severance Payment to be made without regard to your election of COBRA coverage or payment of COBRA premiums and without regard to your continued eligibility for COBRA coverage during the COBRA Payment Period. Such Special Severance Payment shall end upon expiration of the COBRA Payment Period. 

(b) Change in Control Termination. Upon a Change in Control Termination, you shall be eligible to receive the following severance benefits. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall 

2 NTD: Only applicable to CEO and C-Suite/SVP executives. Do not include for VPs. 
 3 NTD: Only applicable to CEO. Do not include for other executives. Not applicable given current bonus plan structure requiring continued employment through bonus payment date, but consistent with CEO s offer letter terms. 

you be entitled to benefits under both Section 2(a) and this Section 2(b). If you are eligible for severance benefits under both Section 2(a) and this Section 2(b), you shall receive the benefits set forth in this Section 2(b) and such benefits shall be reduced by any benefits previously provided to you under Section 2(a). 
 
 (1) Cash Severance Benefit . You will receive the following cash severance benefit payable to you in a single lump sum on the first payroll period following the later of (i) the effective date of your Release, or (ii) the effective date of the Change in Control,: 

(i) an amount equal to [eighteen (18) / fifteen (15) / twelve (12) / nine (9)] 4 of 

your Base Salary; plus 
 
 (ii) [150 / 125 / 100 /75 ] 5 of your annual target cash bonus, if any, 

established for you by the Board (or an authorized committee or designee thereof) for the year in which your Change in Control Termination occurs. If at the time of the Change in Control Termination you are eligible for the annual target cash bonus for the year in which the Change in Control Termination occurs, but the target percentage (or target dollar amount, if specified as such in the applicable bonus plan) for such bonus has not yet been established for such year, the target percentage shall be the target percentage established for you for the preceding year (but adjusted, if necessary for your position for the year in which the Change in Control Termination occurs). For the avoidance of doubt, the percentage of the annual target bonus to which you are entitled under this Section 2(b)(1)(ii) will be calculated (1) assuming all articulated performance goals for such bonus (including, but not limited to, corporate and individual performance, if applicable), for the year of the Change in Control Termination was achieved at 100 of the target levels; (2) as if you had provided services for the entire year for which the bonus relates; and 
 (3) ignoring any reduction in your Base Salary that would give rise to your right to resign for Good Reason.. 

(2) Accelerated Vesting of Stock Awards . 

(i) Effective as of the later of the effective date of your Release or the effective date of the Change in Control, to the extent not previously vested: (i) the vesting and exercisability of all outstanding stock options to purchase the Company s common stock held by you on such date that were granted to you by the Company under the Equity Plan shall be accelerated in full to the extent not previously fully vested and exercisable, (ii) any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of common stock issued pursuant to any other stock award granted to you by the Company under the Equity Plan shall lapse in full, and (iii) the vesting of any other unvested stock awards granted to you by the Company under the Equity Plan, and any issuance of shares triggered by the vesting of such stock awards or any previously vested stock awards, shall be accelerated in full. For purposes of determining the number of shares that will vest pursuant to the foregoing provision with respect to any performance based vesting award that has multiple vesting levels depending upon the level of performance, vesting acceleration shall occur with respect to the number of shares subject to the award as if the applicable performance criteria had been attained at a 100 of the target performance level. 

(ii) In order to give effect to the intent of the foregoing provision, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Equity Plan or the applicable stock award agreement that provides that any then unvested portion of your award will immediately expire upon your 

4 NTD : Insert 18 months for the CEO, 15 months for other C-Suite executives, 12 months for SVP-level executives, and 9 months for VP- level executives. 
 5 NTD:	 Insert 150 for the CEO, 125 for other C-Suite executives, 100 for SVP-level executives, 
 
 234164138 v1 

and 75 for VP-level executives. 

234164138 v1 

termination of service, your stock awards shall remain outstanding following your Change in Control Termination to give effect to such acceleration as necessary. 
 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, your stock awards shall remain subject to the terms of the Equity Plan or other applicable equity plan under which such awards were granted, including the stock award agreement governing your stock award, that may apply upon a Change in Control and or/termination of your service and no provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall be construed as to limit the actions that may be taken, or to violate the terms, thereunder. 

(3) Payment of Continued Group Health Plan Benefits . You will receive the payment for continued group health plan benefits described in Section 2(a)(2) above, except that the COBRA Payment Period will be equal to the Severance Period applicable to a Change in Control Termination as set forth in Section 2(b)(1) above. 

Section 3.	[C HANGE IN C ONTROL A CCELERATION . 
 
 Subject to the terms of Section 2(b)(2)(iii), if a Change in Control occurs while you are an employee of the Company, 100 of the then-outstanding and unvested stock awards granted to you by the Company will immediately vest in full and, to the extent applicable, become immediately exercisable. If, however, an outstanding stock award is to vest and/or the amount of the stock award to vest is to be determined based on the achievement of performance criteria, then the stock award will vest as to 100 of the amount of the stock award assuming the performance criteria had been achieved at 100 of the target performance levels for the relevant performance period(s).] 6 
 
 Section 4.	R EQUIREMENTS D URING S EVERANCE P ERIOD . 
 
 Your eligibility for and receipt of any severance benefits to which you may become entitled as described in Section 2 above is expressly contingent upon your timely execution of an effective Release and your compliance with the terms and conditions of the provisions of the Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement between you and the Company dated [ 	 ] as may be amended from time to time (the CIIA . Severance benefits under this Agreement shall immediately cease in the event of your violation of the provisions in this Section. 
 
 Section 5.	A CKNOWLEDGEMENTS . 
 
 As a condition to participation in the Plan, you hereby acknowledge each of the following: 

(a) The severance benefits that may be provided to you under this Agreement are subject to all of the terms of the Plan which is incorporated into and becomes part of this Agreement, including but not limited to the reductions under Section 3 of the Plan. 

(b) Except as explicitly provided herein, this Agreement and the Plan supersede and replace any severance or change in control benefit previously provided to you by the Company, including any provisions to the contrary in your employment offer letter 

6 NTD: Insert only for the CEO. 

or agreement with the Company. This Agreement and the Plan do not supersede, replace or otherwise alter the CIIA. 
 
 (c) You may not sell, transfer, or otherwise assign or pledge your right to benefits under this Agreement and the Plan to either your creditors or to your beneficiary, except to the extent permitted by the Plan Administrator if such action would not result in adverse tax consequences under Section 409A. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, your rights under this Agreement may not be adversely affected by an amendment or termination of the Plan without your written consent. 

To accept the terms of this Agreement and participate in the Plan, please sign and date this Agreement in 
 the space provided below and return it to [ 	 ] no later than	, 2023. 

Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. 

By: 	 
 
 Name: 	 
 
 Title: 	 

[Eligible Employee]	Date 

A NNEX I 
 
 B OLT B IOTHERAPEUTICS , I NC . S EVERANCE AND C HANGE IN C ONTROL P LAN 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 bolt-ex10_25.htm
 EX-10.25

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.25 
 Exhibit 10.25 
 FIRST Amendment to LEASE AGREEMENT 
 This First Amendment to Lease Agreement (this First Amendment is made as of November 7, 2022 by and between HCP LS REDWOOD CITY, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Landlord and BOLT BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. , a Delaware corporation Tenant ). 
 R E C I T A L S 
 A. Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Lease dated August 7, 2020 (the Lease ), pursuant to which Landlord leases to Tenant and Tenant leases from Landlord approximately 71,646 rentable square feet of space (the Premises comprised of the entirety (45,690 rentable square feet) of the building located at 800 Chesapeake Drive, Redwood City, California and 25,956 rentable square feet on the second (2 nd floor of the building located at 900 Chesapeake Drive, Redwood City, California (the Premises 

B. Landlord and Tenant are executing this First Amendment in order to modify certain terms of the Lease. 

A G R E E M E N T 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Capitalized Terms . All capitalized terms when used herein shall have the same meaning as is given such terms in the Lease unless expressly superseded by the terms of this First Amendment. 

2. Additional TI Allowance . 

a. Utilization .	Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that Tenant has utilized Seven Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand One Hundred Ninety and 81/100 Dollars 725,190.81) of the Additional TI Allowance with respect to the Premises, as more particularly described in Section 4(b) of the Tenant Work Letter attached as Exhibit B to the Lease (the Work Letter ). 

b. Confirmation of Additional TI Allowance Payment Amount .	Pursuant to the terms of Section 4(b) of the Work Letter, beginning on January 1, 2022 and continuing on the first (1 st day of each month for the remainder of the initial Term, and in addition to the obligations of Tenant for Base Rent and other amounts due and owing under the Lease, Tenant was to pay to Landlord as Additional Rent pursuant to the terms of the Lease the sum of 9,468.33 as the Additional TI Allowance Payment, which represents the amount of the Additional TI Allowance amortized over the remaining initial Term of the Lease at nine percent (9 ). 

c. Lump Sum Payment .	Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that Tenant has not yet begun remitting the Additional TI Allowance Payment to Landlord. The amount currently due and owing with respect to the Additional TI Allowance Payment through and including the October 1, 2022 payment is 94,683.30, which shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord without penalty or late charge within thirty (30) days following the date on which this First Amendment is executed by Landlord and Tenant and a fully-executed copy is returned to Tenant, and Tenant s failure to make such payment before such date shall not be considered a violation of the Lease. 

d. Continuing Payments .	Tenant shall begin remitting the remaining monthly Additional TI Allowance Payments of 9,468.33 to Landlord beginning with the November 1, 2022 payment and continuing on the first (1 st day of each month for the remainder of the initial Term (i.e., the last such payment shall be due on May 1, 2031) as Additional Rent pursuant to the terms of the Lease. 

3. No Further Modification . Except as amended by this First Amendment, the Lease is not otherwise amended, and the Lease remains in full force and effect, as amended hereby. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this First Amendment and the terms of the Lease, the terms of this First Amendment shall control. 

4. Counterparts . This First Amendment may be executed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Further, the parties agree that this First Amendment may be signed and/or transmitted by electronic mail of a .PDF document or electronic signature (e.g., DocuSign or similar electronic signature technology) and thereafter maintained in electronic form, and that such electronic record shall be valid and effective to bind the party so signing as a paper copy bearing such party s handwritten signature. The parties further consent and agree that the electronic signatures appearing on this First Amendment shall be treated, for purpose of validity, enforceability and admissibility, the same as hand-written signatures. 

5. No Senior Interests . Landlord hereby remakes the representation in the first sentence of Section 18 of the Lease. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Landlord and Tenant have executed this First Amendment as of the date first above written. 

LANDLORD: 

HCP LS REDWOOD CITY, LLC a Delaware limited liability company By:	 /s/ Scott R. Bohn Name:	 Scott R. Bohn Title:	 Chief Development Officer 

TENANT: BOLT BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. , a Delaware corporation By:	 /s/ Grant Yonehiro Name:	 Grant Yonehiro Title Chief Business Officer 

2 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 4
 bolt-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-263987 and No. 333-252815) and Form S-3 (No. 333-263994) of Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. of our report dated March 29, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 bolt-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D. 

Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 bolt-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, William P. Quinn, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ William P. Quinn 

William P. Quinn 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 bolt-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to his knowledge: 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D. 

Randall C. Schatzman, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 bolt-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, William P. Quinn, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to his knowledge: 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ William P. Quinn 

William P. Quinn 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 bolt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 bolt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 bolt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 bolt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 bolt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

