<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1123852_0001123852-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21320532</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>204336</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3005761</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8095326</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4964258</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4681943</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001123852-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223150626
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001123852-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHERN STATES POWER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001123852
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				411967505
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31387
		FILM NUMBER:		23659159

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		414 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6123305500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		414 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001123852-23-000004.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 nspm-20221231.htm
 10-K

nspm-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 (Commission File Number) 
 Northern States Power Company (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 I ndicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of Feb. 23, 2023, shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, were outstanding, all of which were held by Xcel Energy Inc., a Minnesota corporation. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 The information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K is set forth under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit and Non-Audit Fees in Xcel Energy Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which definitive Proxy Statement is expected to be filed with the SEC on or about April 11, 2023. Such information set forth under such heading is incorporated herein by this reference hereto. 
 Northern States Power Company meets the conditions set forth in General Instructions I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this form with the reduced disclosure format permitted by General Instruction I(2). 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Item 1 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2 Properties 
 16 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 17 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 21 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 23 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 53 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 53 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 53 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 53 
 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 53 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 53 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 54 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 54 
 PART IV Item 15 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 56 
 Signatures 
 57 

This Form 10-K is filed by NSP-Minnesota. NSP-Minnesota is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. Additional information on Xcel Energy is available in various filings with the SEC. This report should be read in its entirety. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item l Business 

Definitions of Abbreviations 
 Xcel Energy Inc. s Subsidiaries and Affiliates (current and former) NSP-Minnesota Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation NSP System The electric production and transmission system of NSP-Minnesota and NSP-Wisconsin operated on an integrated basis and managed by NSP-Minnesota NSP-Wisconsin Northern States Power Company, a Wisconsin corporation PSCo Public Service Company of Colorado SPS Southwestern Public Service Company Utility subsidiaries NSP-Minnesota, NSP-Wisconsin, PSCo and SPS Xcel Energy Xcel Energy Inc. and its subsidiaries Federal and State Regulatory Agencies DOC Minnesota Department of Commerce DOE United States Department of Energy DOT United States Department of Transportation EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission IRS Internal Revenue Service MPUC Minnesota Public Utilities Commission NDPSC North Dakota Public Service Commission NERC North American Electric Reliability Corporation NRC Nuclear Regulatory Commission PHMSA Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Electric, Purchased Gas and Resource Adjustment Clauses CIP Conservation improvement program DSM Demand side management GUIC Gas utility infrastructure cost rider RES Renewable energy standard Other AFUDC Allowance for funds used during construction ALJ Administrative Law Judge AMT Alternative minimum tax ARO Asset retirement obligation ASC Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification C I Commercial and Industrial CapX2020 Alliance of electric cooperatives, municipals and investor-owned utilities in the upper Midwest involved in a joint transmission line planning and construction effort CCR Coal combustion residuals CCR Rule Final rule (40 CFR 257.50 - 257.107) published by the EPA regulating the management, storage and disposal of CCRs as a nonhazardous waste CEO Chief executive officer CFO Chief financial officer CON Certificate of Need 

CWIP Construction work in progress D.C. Circuit United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit DECON Decommissioning method where radioactive contamination is removed and safely disposed of at a requisite facility or decontaminated to a permitted level EMANI European Mutual Association for Nuclear Insurance ETR Effective tax rate FTR Financial transmission right GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles GE General Electric GHG Greenhouse gas INPO Institute of Nuclear Power Operations IPP Independent power producing entity IRA Inflation Reduction Act ISO Independent System Operator ITC Investment tax credit MGP Manufactured gas plant MISO Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. Moody s Moody s Investor Services Native load Customer demand of retail and wholesale customers that a utility has an obligation to serve under statute or long-term contract NAV Net asset value NEIL Nuclear Electric Insurance Ltd. NOL Net operating loss O M Operating and maintenance OAG Minnesota Office of the Attorney General PFAS Per- and PolyFluoroAlkyl Substances 
 PI Prairie Island nuclear generating plant PPA Purchased power agreement PTC Production tax credit REC Renewable energy credit RFP Request for proposal ROE Return on equity ROU Right-of-use RTO Regional Transmission Organization S P Standard Poor s Global Ratings SERP Supplemental executive retirement plan TCJA 2017 federal tax reform enacted as Public Law No: 115-97, commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TO Transmission owner VaR Value at Risk VIE Variable interest entity 
 Measurements Bcf Billion cubic feet KV Kilovolts KWh Kilowatt hours MMBtu Million British thermal units MW Megawatts MWh Megawatt hours 

Where to Find More Information 
 
 NSP-Minnesota is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc., and Xcel Energy s website address is www.xcelenergy.com. Xcel Energy makes available, free of charge through its website, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically at http://www.sec.gov. The information on Xcel Energy s website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Except for the historical statements contained in this report, the matters discussed herein are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Such forward-looking statements, including those relating to future sales, future expenses, future tax rates, future operating performance, estimated base capital expenditures and financing plans, projected capital additions and forecasted annual revenue requirements with respect to rider filings, expected rate increases to customers, expectations and intentions regarding regulatory proceedings, and expected impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of resettlement calculations and credit losses relating to certain energy transactions, as well as assumptions and other statements are intended to be identified in this document by the words anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, objective, outlook, plan, project, possible, potential, should, will, would and similar expressions. Actual results may vary materially. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking information. The following factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2022 (including risk factors listed from time to time by NSP-Minnesota in reports filed with the SEC, including Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K), could cause actual results to differ materially from management expectations as suggested by such forward-looking information: operational safety, including our nuclear generation facilities and other utility operations; successful long-term operational planning; commodity risks associated with energy markets and production; rising energy prices and fuel costs; qualified employee work force and third-party contractor factors; violations of our Codes of Conduct; our ability to recover costs; changes in regulation; reductions in our credit ratings and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships; general economic conditions, including recessionary conditions, inflation rates, monetary fluctuations, supply chain constraints and their impact on capital expenditures and/or the ability of NSP-Minnesota to obtain financing on favorable terms; availability or cost of capital; our customers and counterparties ability to pay their debts to us; assumptions and costs relating to funding our employee benefit plans and health care benefits; tax laws; uncertainty regarding epidemics, the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally), the potential impact on the workforce, including shortages of employees or third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions, impacts on the transportation of goods and the generalized impact on the economy; effects of geopolitical events, including war and acts of terrorism; cyber security threats and data security breaches; seasonal weather patterns; changes in environmental laws and regulations; climate change and other weather events; natural disaster and resource depletion, including compliance with any accompanying legislative and regulatory changes; costs of potential regulatory penalties; regulatory changes and/or limitations related to the use of natural gas as an energy source; challenging labor market conditions and our ability to attract and retain a qualified workforce; and our ability to execute on our strategies or achieve expectations related to environmental, social and governance matters including as a result of evolving legal, regulatory and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. 
 
 Company Overview 
 Electric customers 1.5 million 
 NSP-Minnesota was incorporated in 2000 under the laws of Minnesota. NSP-Minnesota conducts business in Minnesota, North Dakota and South Dakota and has electric operations in all three states including the generation, purchase, transmission, distribution and sale of electricity. NSP-Minnesota and NSP-Wisconsin electric operations are managed on the NSP System. NSP-Minnesota also purchases, transports, distributes and sells natural gas to retail customers and transports customer-owned natural gas in Minnesota and North Dakota. 
 Natural gas customers 0.5 million Total assets 23.7 billion Rate Base (estimated) 15.1 billion ROE (net income / average stockholder's equity) 8.76 Electric generating capacity 8,949 MW Gas storage capacity 17.1 Bcf Electric transmission lines (conductor miles) 33,000 miles Electric distribution lines (conductor miles) 82,000 miles Natural gas transmission lines 78 miles Natural gas distribution lines 11,000 miles 
 
 Electric Operations 

Electric operations consist of energy supply, generation, transmission and distribution activities. NSP-Minnesota had electric sales volume of 47,189 (millions of KWh), 1.5 million customers and electric revenues of 5,617 million for 2022. 
 Electric Operations (percentage of total) Sales Volume Number of Customers Revenues Residential 23 89 26 C I 48 10 42 Other 29 1 32 

Retail Sales/Revenue Statistics (a) 
 2022 2021 KWH sales per retail customer 21,604 21,644 Revenue per retail customer 2,508 2,507 Residential revenue per KWh 13.65 13.7 C I revenue per KWh 10.57 10.49 Total retail revenue per KWh 11.61 11.58 
 (a) See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Owned and Purchased Energy Generation 2022 

Electric Energy Sources 
 Total electric energy generation by source for the year ended Dec. 31: 
 
 Carbon Free NSP System 
 The NSP System s carbon free energy portfolio includes nuclear, wind, hydroelectric, biomass and solar power from both owned generating facilities and PPAs. Carbon free percentages will vary year over year based on system additions, commodity costs, weather, system demand and transmission constraints. 
 See Item 2 Properties for further information. 
 Wind 
 Owned Owned and operated wind farms with corresponding capacity: 
 2022 2021 Wind Farms Capacity (MW) (a) 
 Wind Farms Capacity (MW) (b) 
 16 2,352 14 2,031 
 (a) Summer 2022 net dependable capacity. 
 (b) Summer 2021 net dependable capacity. 
 PPAs Number of PPAs with capacity range: 2022 2021 PPAs Range (MW) PPAs Range (MW) 129 1 206 128 1 206 
 Current wind capacity for owned wind farms and PPAs was 4,515 MW and 3,997 MW in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In 2022, the average cost of wind energy was 18 per MWh for owned generation and 37 per MWh under existing PPAs. In 2021, the average cost of wind energy was 25 per MWh for owned generation and 37 per MWh under existing PPAs. 

Wind Development The NSP System placed approximately 500 MW of owned wind and approximately 220 MW of PPAs into service during 2022: 
 Project Capacity (MW) Dakota Range 298 (a)(b) 
 Nobles Repower 200 (a)(b) 
 Rock Aetna 20 (a)(b) 
 PPA ~220 (c) 
 
 (a) Summer 2022 net dependable capacity. 
 (b) Values disclosed are the maximum generation levels. Capacity is attainable only when wind conditions are sufficiently available. 
 (c) Based on contracted capacity. 
 The NSP System currently has approximately 550 MW of owned wind under development or being repowered. 
 Project Capacity (MW) Estimated Completion Northern Wind 100 2023 (a) 
 Grand Meadow Repower 100 2023 Border Winds Repower 150 2025 Pleasant Valley Repower 200 2025 
 (a) Placed in service in January 2023. 
 Solar 
 PPAs Solar PPAs capacity by type: 
 Type Capacity (MW) Distributed Generation 1,074 Utility-Scale 269 Total 1,343 
 The average cost of solar energy under existing PPAs was 79 per MWh and 90 per MWh in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Solar Development In September 2022, the MPUC approved NSP-Minnesota s proposal to add 460 MW of solar facilities at the Sherco site. The project is expected to cost approximately 690 million (two phases to be completed in 2024 and 2025). As a result of the IRA, the levelized cost of the project is expected to be approximately 30 lower than previously estimated. 
 Nuclear 
 The NSP System has two nuclear plants (owned by NSP-Minnesota) with approximately 1,700 MW of total 2022 net summer dependable capacity. Our nuclear fleet has become one of the best performing and dependable in the nation, as rated by both the NRC and INPO. NSP-Minnesota secures contracts for uranium concentrates, uranium conversion, uranium enrichment and fuel fabrication to operate its nuclear plants. NSP-Minnesota uses varying contract lengths as well as multiple producers for uranium concentrates, conversion services and enrichment services to minimize potential impacts caused by supply interruptions due to geographical and world political issues. 
 Nuclear Fuel Cost Delivered cost per MMBtu of nuclear fuel consumed for owned electric generation and the percentage of total fuel requirements (nuclear, natural gas and coal): 
 Nuclear Cost Percent 2022 0.76 51 2021 0.77 50 

5 

Table of Contents 

 Other 
 The NSP System s other carbon-free energy portfolio includes hydro from owned generating facilities. 
 See Item 2 Properties for further information. 
 Fossil Fuel NSP System 
 The NSP System s fossil fuel energy portfolio includes coal and natural gas power from both owned generating facilities and PPAs. 
 See Item 2 Properties for further information. 
 Coal 
 The NSP System owns and operates coal units with approximately 2,400 MW of total capacity, which provided 18 of NSP System s energy mix in 2022. All of these units are approved for retirement by 2030. 
 Approved early coal plant retirements: Year Plant Unit Capacity (MW) 2023 Sherco 2 682 2026 Sherco 1 680 2028 A.S. King 511 2030 Sherco 3 517 (a) 
 
 (a) Based on the NSP System s ownership interest. 
 Coal Fuel Cost Delivered cost per MMBtu of coal consumed for owned electric generation and the percentage of total fuel requirements (nuclear, natural gas and coal): 
 Coal (a) 
 Cost Percent 2022 2.27 37 2021 1.95 34 
 (a) Includes refuse-derived fuel and wood. 
 Natural Gas 
 The NSP System has eight natural gas plants with approximately 2,800 MW of total capacity, which provided 13 of NSP System s energy mix in 2022. 
 Natural gas supplies, transportation and storage services for power plants are procured to provide an adequate supply of fuel. Remaining requirements are procured through a liquid spot market. Generally, natural gas supply contracts have variable pricing that is tied to natural gas indices. Natural gas supply and transportation agreements include obligations for the purchase and/or delivery of specified volumes or payments in lieu of delivery. 
 Natural Gas Cost Delivered cost per MMBtu of natural gas consumed for owned electric generation and the percentage of total fuel requirements (nuclear, natural gas and coal): 
 Natural Gas Cost Percent 2022 7.58 12 2021 (a) 
 4.98 16 
 (a) Reflective of Winter Storm Uri. 
 
 Capacity and Demand 
 Uninterrupted system peak demand and occurrence date: 
 System Peak Demand (MW) 2022 2021 9,245 June 20 8,837 June 9 

Transmission 
 Transmission lines deliver electricity over long distances from power sources to transmission substations closer to customers. A strong transmission system ensures continued reliable and affordable service, ability to meet state and regional energy policy goals, and support for a diverse generation mix, including renewable energy. NSP-Minnesota owns more than 32,000 of 44,000 conductor miles of transmission lines across the NSP System service territory. 
 NSP System plans to build approximately 1,100 additional conductor miles of transmission lines, primarily as part of the MISO Tranche 1 project estimated to be complete in 2028. 
 See Item 2 - Properties for further information. 
 
 Distribution 
 Distribution lines allow electricity to travel at lower voltages from substations directly to customers. NSP-Minnesota has a vast distribution network, owning and operating approximately 82,000 conductor miles of distribution lines across our service territory. To continue providing reliable, affordable electric service and enable more flexibility for customers, we are working to digitize the distribution grid, while at the same time keeping it secure. 
 See Item 2 - Properties for further information. 
 
 Natural Gas Operations 
 
 Natural gas operations consist of purchase, transportation and distribution of natural gas to end-use residential, C I and transport customers. NSP-Minnesota had natural gas deliveries of 85,903 (thousands of MMBtu), 0.5 million customers and natural gas revenues of 1,022 million for 2022. 
 Natural Gas (percentage of total) Deliveries Number of Customers Revenues Residential 44 92 50 C I 47 8 42 Transportation and other 9 Table of Contents 

 Natural Gas Supply and Cost 
 NSP-Minnesota seeks natural gas supply, transportation and storage alternatives to yield a diversified portfolio, which increases flexibility and decreases interruption and financial risks and economical rates. In addition, NSP-Minnesota conducts natural gas price hedging activities approved by its states commissions. 
 Average delivered cost per MMBtu of natural gas for regulated retail distribution: 
 2022 2021 (a) 
 7.00 7.48 
 (a) Reflective of Winter Storm Uri. 
 NSP-Minnesota has natural gas supply transportation and storage agreements that include obligations for purchase and/or delivery of specified volumes or to make payments in lieu of delivery. 
 
 General 
 Seasonality 
 Demand for electric power and natural gas is affected by seasonal differences in the weather. In general, peak sales of electricity occur in the summer months and peak sales of natural gas occur in the winter months. As a result, the overall operating results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. Additionally, NSP-Minnesota s operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. 
 Competition 
 NSP-Minnesota is subject to public policies that promote competition and development of energy markets. NSP-Minnesota s industrial and large commercial customers have the ability to generate their own electricity. In addition, customers may have the option of substituting other fuels or relocating their facilities to a lower cost region. 
 Customers have the opportunity to supply their own power with distributed generation including solar generation and in most jurisdictions can currently avoid paying for most of the fixed production, transmission and distribution costs incurred to serve them. 
 Minnesota has incentives for the development of rooftop solar, community solar gardens and other distributed energy resources. Distributed generating resources are potential competitors to NSP-Minnesota s electric service business with these incentives and federal tax subsidies. 
 The FERC has continued to promote competitive wholesale markets through open access transmission and other means. NSP-Minnesota s wholesale customers can purchase their output from generation resources of competing suppliers or non-contracted quantities and use the transmission system of NSP-Minnesota on a comparable basis to serve their native load. 
 FERC Order No. 1000 established competition for ownership of certain new electric transmission facilities under Federal regulations. Some states have state laws that allow the incumbent a Right of First Refusal to own these transmission facilities. 
 FERC Order 2222 requires that RTO and ISO markets allow participation of aggregations of distributed energy resources. This order is expected to incentivize distributed energy resource adoption, however implementation is expected to vary by RTO/ISO and the near, medium, and long-term impacts of Order 2222 remain unclear. 

NSP-Minnesota has franchise agreements with cities subject to periodic renewal; however, a city could seek alternative means to access electric power or gas, such as municipalization. No municipalization activities are occurring presently. 
 While facing these challenges, NSP-Minnesota believes its rates and services are competitive with alternatives currently available. 
 
 Governmental Regulations 
 Public Utility Regulation 
 See Item 7 for discussion of public utility regulation. 
 Environmental Regulation 
 Our facilities are regulated by federal and state agencies that have jurisdiction over air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous wastes or substances. Certain NSP-Minnesota activities require registrations, permits, licenses, inspections and approvals from these agencies. 
 NSP-Minnesota has received necessary authorizations for the construction and continued operation of its generation, transmission and distribution systems. Our facilities strive to operate in compliance with applicable environmental standards and related monitoring and reporting requirements. 
 However, it is not possible to determine what additional facilities or modifications to existing or planned facilities will be required as a result of changes to regulations, interpretations or enforcement policies or what effect future laws or regulations may have. We may be required to incur expenditures in the future for remediation of historic and current operating sites and other waste treatment, storage and disposal sites. 
 There are significant environmental regulations to encourage use of clean energy technologies and regulate emissions of GHGs. NSP-Minnesota has undertaken numerous initiatives to meet current requirements and prepare for potential future regulations, reduce GHG emissions and respond to state renewable and energy efficiency goals. Future environmental regulations may result in substantial costs. 
 Emerging Environmental Regulation 
 Clean Air Act In April 2022, the EPA proposed regulations under the "Good Neighbor" provisions of the Clean Air Act. The proposed rules establish an allowance trading program for NOx, potentially impacting fossil fuel generating facilities in Minnesota. Under the proposed rule, facilities without NOx controls will have to secure additional allowances, install NOx controls, or develop a strategy of operations that utilizes the existing allowance allocations. The EPA has indicated that it intends for the rule to be final and applicable in the first half of 2023. While the financial impacts of the proposed regulation are uncertain and dependent on market forces, NSP-Minnesota anticipates that the costs to the NSP System will be approximately 30 million annually and will be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms based on prior state commission practices. 
 In a June 2022 ruling, the United States Supreme Court held that an economy-wide approach to reducing greenhouse gas emissions from coal-fired power plants was not consistent with the Clean Air Act. Therefore, if the EPA proceeds with new rules, it cannot set a standard based on economy-wide generation shifting to other sources, such as renewable energy. It is anticipated that EPA will propose rules to limit GHG emissions from new and existing coal and natural gas-fired electric generating units in 2023. If any new rules require additional investment, NSP-Minnesota believes that the cost of these initiatives or replacement generation would be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Coal Ash Regulation In February 2023, the EPA entered into a Consent Decree, committing the agency to either issue new proposed rules by May 5, 2023, to regulate inactive CCR landfills under the CCR Rule for the first time, or to determine no such rules are necessary by that date. If proposed rules are issued in May, the EPA has committed to a May 2024 effective date for the new rules. Until proposed rules are issued, it is not certain what the impact will be on NSP-Minnesota, but we anticipate that additional inactive ash units could become regulated for the first time. It is also anticipated that the EPA may issue other CCR proposed rules in 2023 that further expand the scope of the CCR Rule. 
 Emerging Contaminants of Concern PFAS are man-made chemicals that are widely used in consumer products and can persist and bio-accumulate in the environment. NSP-Minnesota does not manufacture PFAS but because PFAS are so ubiquitous in products and the environment, it may impact our operations. In September 2022, the EPA proposed to designate two types of PFAS as hazardous substances under the CERCLA, specifically perfluorooctanoic acid and perfluorooctanesulfonic acid. This proposed rule could result in new obligations for investigation and cleanup wherever PFAS are found to be present. The impact the proposed regulation may have on electric and gas utilities is currently uncertain. 
 Other 
 Our operations are subject to workplace safety standards under the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 OSHA and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of worker health and safety. In addition, the Company is subject to other government regulations impacting such matters as labor, competition, data privacy, etc. Based on information to date and because our policies and business practices are designed to comply with all applicable laws, we do not believe the effects of compliance on our operations, financial condition or cash flows are material. 
 
 Employees 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, NSP-Minnesota had 3,201 full-time employees and four part-time employees, of which 2,070 were covered under collective-bargaining agreements. 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 
 Xcel Energy, which includes NSP-Minnesota, is subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control. Risks that may adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows are described below. Although the risks are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. These risks should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and future reports that Xcel Energy files with the SEC. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future. 

Oversight of Risk and Related Processes 
 NSP-Minnesota s Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of material risk and maintaining an effective risk monitoring process. Management and the Board of Directors have responsibility for overseeing the identification and mitigation of key risks. 
 NSP-Minnesota maintains a robust compliance program and promotes a culture of compliance beginning with the tone at the top. The risk mitigation process includes adherence to our Code of Conduct and compliance policies, operation of formal risk management structures and overall business management. NSP-Minnesota further mitigates inherent risks through formal risk committees and corporate functions such as internal audit, and internal controls over financial reporting and legal. 
 Management identifies and analyzes risks to determine materiality and other attributes such as timing, probability and controllability. Identification and risk analysis occurs formally through risk assessment conducted by senior management, the financial disclosure process, hazard risk procedures, internal audit and compliance with financial and operational controls. Management also identifies and analyzes risk through the business planning process, development of goals and establishment of key performance indicators, including identification of barriers to implementing our strategy. The business planning process also identifies likelihood and mitigating factors to prevent the assumption of inappropriate risk to meet goals. 
 Management communicates regularly with the Board of Directors and its sole stockholder regarding risk. Senior management presents and communicates a periodic risk assessment to the Board of Directors, providing information on the risks that management believes are material, including financial impact, timing, likelihood and mitigating factors. The Board of Directors regularly reviews management s key risk assessments, which includes areas of existing and future macroeconomic, financial, operational, policy, environmental, safety and security risks. 
 The oversight, management and mitigation of risk is an integral and continuous part of the Board of Directors governance of NSP-Minnesota. Processes are in place to confirm appropriate risk oversight, as well as identification and consideration of new risks. 
 Risks Associated with Our Business 
 Operational Risks 
 Our natural gas and electric generation/transmission and distribution operations involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs. 
 Our natural gas transmission and distribution activities include inherent hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, explosions, outages and mechanical problems. Our electric generation, transmission and distribution activities include inherent hazards and operating risks such as contact, fire and outages. These risks could result in loss of life, significant property damage, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations and substantial financial losses to employees, third-party contractors, customers or the public. We maintain insurance against most, but not all, of these risks and losses. The occurrence of these events, if not fully covered by insurance, could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as well as potential loss of reputation. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Other uncertainties and risks inherent in operating and maintaining NSP-Minnesota's facilities include, but are not limited to: 
 Risks associated with facility start-up operations, such as whether the facility will achieve projected operating performance on schedule and otherwise as planned. 
 Failures in the availability, acquisition or transportation of fuel or other supplies. 
 Impact of adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including, tornadoes, icing events, floods and droughts. 
 Performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency. 
 Availability of replacement equipment. 
 Availability of adequate water resources and ability to satisfy water intake and discharge requirements. 
 Availability or changes to wind patterns. 
 Inability to identify, manage properly or mitigate equipment defects. 
 Use of new or unproven technology. 
 Risks associated with dependence on a specific type of fuel or fuel source, such as commodity price risk, availability of adequate fuel supply and transportation and lack of available alternative fuel sources. 
 Increased competition due to, among other factors, new facilities, excess supply, shifting demand and regulatory changes. 
 Additionally, compliance with existing and potential new regulations related to the operation and maintenance of our natural gas infrastructure could result in significant costs. The PHMSA is responsible for administering the DOT s national regulatory program to assure the safe transportation of natural gas, petroleum and other hazardous materials by pipelines. The PHMSA continues to develop regulations and other approaches to risk management to assure safety in design, construction, testing, operation, maintenance and emergency response of natural gas pipeline infrastructure. We have programs in place to comply with these regulations and systematically monitor and renew infrastructure over time, however, a significant incident or material finding of non-compliance could result in penalties and higher costs of operations. 
 Our natural gas and electric transmission and distribution operations are dependent upon complex information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could disrupt our normal business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to process transactions and provide services. 
 Our utility operations are subject to long-term planning and project risks. 
 Most electric utility investments are planned to be used for decades. Transmission and generation investments typically have long lead times and are planned well in advance of in-service dates and typically subject to long-term resource plans. These plans are based on numerous assumptions such as: sales growth, customer usage, commodity prices, economic activity, costs, regulatory mechanisms, customer behavior, available technology and public policy. Our long-term resource plan is dependent on our ability to obtain required approvals, develop necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources and adhere to budgets and timelines. 

In addition, the long-term nature of both our planning processes and our asset lives are subject to risk. The electric utility sector is undergoing significant change (e.g., increases in energy efficiency, wider adoption of distributed generation and shifts away from fossil fuel generation to renewable generation). Customer adoption of these technologies and increased energy efficiency could result in excess transmission and generation resources, downward pressure on sales growth, and potentially stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments. 
 The magnitude and timing of resource additions and changes in customer demand may not coincide with evolving customer preference for generation resources and end-uses, which introduces further uncertainty into long-term planning. Efforts to electrify the transportation and building sectors to reduce GHG emissions may result in higher electric demand and lower natural gas demand over time. Higher electric demand may require us to adopt new technologies and make significant transmission and distribution investments including advanced grid infrastructure, which increases exposure to overall grid instability and technology obsolescence. Evolving stakeholder preference for lower emissions from generation sources and end-uses, like heating, may impact our resource mix and put pressure on our ability to recover capital investments in natural gas generation and delivery. Multiple states may not agree as to the appropriate resource mix, which may lead to costs to comply with one jurisdiction that are not recoverable across all jurisdictions served by the same assets. 
 We require inputs such as coal, natural gas, uranium and water to cool our facilities. Lack of availability of these resources could jeopardize long-term operations of our facilities or make them uneconomic to operate. 
 Our utility operations are highly dependent on suppliers to deliver components in accordance with short and long-term project schedules. 
 Our products contain components that are globally sourced from suppliers who, in turn, source components from their suppliers. A shortage of key components in which an alternative supplier is not identified could significantly impact operations and project plans for NSP-Minnesota and our customers. Such impacts could include timing of projects, including potential for project cancellation. Failure to adhere to project budgets and timelines adversely impacts our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We are subject to commodity risks and other risks associated with energy markets and energy production. 
 A significant increase in fuel costs could cause a decline in customer demand, adverse regulatory outcomes and an increase in bad debt expense which may have a material impact on our results of operations. Despite existing fuel cost recovery mechanisms, higher fuel costs could significantly impact our results of operations if costs are not recovered. Delays in the timing of the collection of fuel cost recoveries could impact our cash flows and liquidity. 
 A significant disruption in supply could cause us to seek alternative supply services at potentially higher costs. Additionally, supply shortages may not be fully resolved, which negatively impacts our ability to provide services to our customers. Failure to provide service due to disruptions may also result in fines, penalties or cost disallowances through the regulatory process. Also, significantly higher energy or fuel costs relative to sales commitments negatively impacts our cash flows and results of operations. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 We also engage in wholesale sales and purchases of electric capacity, energy and energy-related products as well as natural gas. In many markets, emission allowances and/or RECs are also needed to comply with various statutes and commission rulings. As a result, we are subject to market supply and commodity price risk. 
 Commodity price changes can affect the value of our commodity trading derivatives. We mark certain derivatives to estimated fair market value on a daily basis. Settlements can vary significantly from estimated fair values recorded and significant changes from the assumptions underlying our fair value estimates could cause earnings variability. The management of risks associated with hedging and trading is based, in part, on programs and procedures which utilize historical prices and trends. 
 Public perception often does not distinguish between pass through commodity costs and base rates. High commodity prices that are being passed through to customer bills could impact our ability to recover costs for other improvements and operations. 
 Due to the uncertainty involved in price movements and potential deviation from historical pricing, NSP-Minnesota is unable to fully assure that its risk management programs and procedures would be effective to protect against all significant adverse market deviations. In addition, NSP-Minnesota cannot fully assure that its controls will be effective against all potential risks. If such programs and procedures are not effective, NSP-Minnesota s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially impacted. 
 Failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on operations. 
 The competition for talent has become increasingly prevalent, and we have experienced increased employee turnover due to the condition of the labor market. In addition, specialized knowledge and skills are required for many of our positions, which may pose additional difficulty for us as we work to recruit, retain and motivate employees in this climate. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant knowledge and expertise to new employees or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate our business. Inability to attract and retain these employees adversely impacts our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Our operations use third-party contractors in addition to employees to perform periodic and ongoing work. 
 We rely on third-party contractors to perform operations, maintenance and construction work. Our contractual arrangements with these contractors typically include performance and safety standards, progress payments, insurance requirements and security for performance. Poor vendor performance or contractor unavailability could impact ongoing operations, restoration operations, regulatory recovery, our reputation and could introduce financial risk or risks of fines. 

Our employees, directors, third-party contractors, or suppliers may violate or be perceived to violate our Codes of Conduct, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation. 
 We are exposed to risk of employee or third-party contractor fraud or misconduct. All employees and members of the Board of Directors are subject to comply with our Code of Conduct and are required to participate in annual training. Additionally, suppliers are subject to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct. NSP-Minnesota does not tolerate discrimination, violations of our Code of Conduct or other unacceptable behaviors. However, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third-parties, which may result in governmental investigations, other actions or lawsuits. If such actions are taken against us we may suffer loss of reputation and such actions could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are subject to the risks of nuclear generation. 
 NSP-Minnesota has two nuclear generation plants, PI and Monticello. Risks of nuclear generation include: 
 Hazards associated with the use of radioactive material in energy production, including management, handling, storage and disposal. 
 Limitations on insurance available to cover losses that may arise in connection with nuclear operations, as well as obligations to contribute to an insurance pool in the event of damages at a covered U.S. reactor. 
 Technological and financial uncertainties related to the costs of decommissioning nuclear plants may cause our funding obligations to change. 
 The NRC has authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities, including the ability to impose fines and/or shut down a unit until compliance is achieved. NRC safety requirements could necessitate substantial capital expenditures or an increase in operating expenses. In addition, the INPO reviews our nuclear operations. Compliance with the INPO s recommendations could result in substantial capital expenditures or a substantial increase in operating expenses. 
 If a nuclear incident did occur, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Furthermore, non-compliance or the occurrence of a serious incident at other nuclear facilities could result in increased industry regulation, which may increase our compliance costs. 
 We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. Xcel Energy Inc. can exercise substantial control over our dividend policy and business and operations and may exercise that control in a manner that may be perceived to be adverse to our interests. 
 All of the members of our Board of Directors, as well as many of our executive officers, are officers of Xcel Energy Inc. Our Board of Directors makes determinations with respect to a number of significant corporate events, including the payment of our dividends. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 We have historically paid quarterly dividends to Xcel Energy Inc. If Xcel Energy Inc. s cash requirements increase, our Board of Directors could decide to increase the dividends we pay to Xcel Energy Inc. to help support Xcel Energy Inc. s cash needs. This could adversely affect our liquidity. The most restrictive dividend limitation for NSP-Minnesota is imposed by our state regulatory commissions. State regulatory commissions indirectly limit the amount of dividends NSP-Minnesota can pay to Xcel Energy Inc., by requiring a minimum equity-to-total capitalization ratio. 
 See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Financial Risks 
 Our profitability depends on our ability to recover costs and changes in regulation may impair our ability to recover costs from our customers. 
 We are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state utility regulatory agencies, including siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that we can charge customers. 
 The profitability of our operations is dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services and earn a return on capital investment. Our rates are generally regulated and are based on an analysis of our costs incurred in a test year. We are subject to both future and historical test years depending upon the regulatory jurisdiction. Thus, the rates we are allowed to charge may or may not match our costs at any given time. Rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. 
 There can also be no assurance that our regulatory commissions will judge all our costs to be prudent, which could result in disallowances, or that the regulatory process will always result in rates that will produce full recovery. 
 Overall, management believes prudently incurred costs are recoverable given the existing regulatory framework. However, there may be changes in the regulatory environment that could impair our ability to recover costs historically collected from customers, or we could exceed caps on capital costs required by commissions and result in less than full recovery. 
 Changes in the long-term cost-effectiveness or to the operating conditions of our assets may result in early retirements of utility facilities. While regulation typically provides cost recovery relief for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs. 
 Higher than expected inflation or tariffs may increase costs of construction and operations. Also, rising fuel costs could increase the risk that we will not be able to fully recover our fuel costs from our customers. 
 Adverse regulatory rulings (including changes in recovery mechanisms) or the imposition of additional regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and materially affect our ability to meet our financial obligations, including debt payments and the payment of dividends on common stock. 

Any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships. 
 We cannot be assured that our current credit ratings will remain in effect, or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by a rating agency. Significant events including disallowance of costs, use of historic test years, elimination of riders or interim rates, increasing depreciation lives, lower returns on equity, changes to equity ratios and impacts of tax policy may impact our cash flows and credit metrics, potentially resulting in a change in our credit ratings. In addition, our credit ratings may change as a result of the differing methodologies or change in the methodologies used by the various rating agencies. 
 Any credit ratings downgrade could lead to higher borrowing costs or lower proceeds from equity issuances. It could also impact our ability to access capital markets. Also, we may enter into contracts that require posting of collateral or settlement if credit ratings fall below investment grade. 
 We are subject to capital market and interest rate risks. 
 Utility operations require significant capital investment. As a result, we frequently need to access capital markets. Any disruption in capital markets could have a material impact on our ability to fund our operations. Capital market disruption and financial market distress could prevent us from issuing commercial paper, issuing new securities or cause us to issue securities with unfavorable terms and conditions, such as higher interest rates or lower proceeds from equity issuances. Higher interest rates on short-term borrowings with variable interest rates could also have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 The performance of capital markets impacts the value of assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission our nuclear plants and satisfy our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plan obligations. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected returns. A decline in the market value of these assets may increase funding requirements. Additionally, the fair value of the debt securities held in the nuclear decommissioning and/or pension trusts may be impacted by changes in interest rates. 
 We are subject to credit risks. 
 Credit risk includes the risk that our customers will not pay their bills, which may lead to a reduction in our liquidity and an increase in bad debt expense. Credit risk is comprised of numerous factors including the price of products and services provided, the economy and unemployment rates. 
 Credit risk also includes the risk that counterparties that owe us money or product will become insolvent and may breach their obligations. Should the counterparties fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. In that event, our financial results could be adversely affected and incur losses. 
 We may have direct credit exposure in our short-term wholesale and commodity trading activity to financial institutions trading for their own accounts or issuing collateral support on behalf of other counterparties. We may also have some indirect credit exposure due to participation in organized markets, (e.g., MISO, Electric Reliability Council of Texas and California ISO), in which any credit losses are socialized to all market participants. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 We have additional indirect credit exposure to financial institutions from letters of credit provided as security by power suppliers under various purchased power contracts. If any of the credit ratings of the letter of credit issuers were to drop below investment grade, the supplier would need to replace that security with an acceptable substitute. If the security were not replaced, the party could be in default under the contract. 
 As we are a subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc., we may be negatively affected by events impacting the credit or liquidity of Xcel Energy Inc. and its affiliates. 
 If either S P or Moody s were to downgrade Xcel Energy Inc. s debt securities below investment grade, it would increase Xcel Energy Inc. s cost of capital and restrict its access to the capital markets. This could limit Xcel Energy Inc. s ability to contribute equity or make loans to us or may cause Xcel Energy Inc. to seek additional or accelerated funding from us in the form of dividends. If such event were to occur, we may need to seek alternative sources of funds to meet our cash needs. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, Xcel Energy Inc. and its utility subsidiaries had approximately 22.8 billion of long-term debt and 2.0 billion of short-term debt and current maturities. Xcel Energy Inc. provides various guarantees and bond indemnities supporting some of its subsidiaries by guaranteeing the payment or performance by these subsidiaries for specified agreements or transactions. 
 Xcel Energy also has other contingent liabilities resulting from various tax disputes and other matters. Xcel Energy Inc. s exposure under the guarantees is based upon the net liability of the relevant subsidiary under the specified agreements or transactions. The majority of Xcel Energy Inc. s guarantees limit its exposure to a maximum amount that is stated in the guarantees. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, Xcel Energy had the following guarantees outstanding: 
 1 million maximum stated amount and immaterial exposure. 
 61 million for performance and payment of surety bonds for the benefit of itself and its subsidiaries, with total exposure that cannot be estimated at this time. 
 98 million for performance and payment of a capital services contract for solar generating equipment, with immaterial exposure. 
 If Xcel Energy Inc. were to become obligated to make payments under these guarantees and bond indemnities or become obligated to fund other contingent liabilities, it could limit Xcel Energy Inc. s ability to contribute equity or make loans to us, or may cause Xcel Energy Inc. to seek additional or accelerated funding from us in the form of dividends. If such event were to occur, we may need to seek alternative sources of funds to meet our cash needs. 

Increasing costs of our defined benefit retirement plans and employee benefits may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We have defined benefit pension and postretirement plans that cover most of our employees. Assumptions related to future costs, return on investments, interest rates and other actuarial assumptions have a significant impact on our funding requirements of these plans. Estimates and assumptions may change. In addition, the Pension Protection Act sets the minimum funding requirements for defined benefit pension plans. Therefore, our funding requirements and contributions may change in the future. Also, the payout of a significant percentage of pension plan liabilities in a single year due to high numbers of retirements or employees leaving NSP-Minnesota could trigger settlement accounting and could require NSP-Minnesota to recognize incremental pension expense related to unrecognized plan losses in the year liabilities are paid. Changes in industry standards utilized in key assumptions (e.g., mortality tables) could have a significant impact on future obligations and benefit costs. 
 Increasing costs associated with health care plans may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Increasing levels of large individual health care claims and overall health care claims could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Health care legislation could also significantly impact our benefit programs and costs. 
 Federal tax law may significantly impact our business. 
 NSP-Minnesota collects estimated federal, state and local tax payments through their regulated rates. Changes to federal tax law may benefit or adversely affect our earnings and customer costs. Tax depreciable lives and the value/availability of various tax credits or the timeliness of their utilization may impact the economics or selection of resources. If tax rates are increased, there could be timing delays before regulated rates provide for recovery of such tax increases in revenues. In addition, certain IRS tax policies such as tax normalization may impact our ability to economically deliver certain types of resources relative to market prices. 
 Macroeconomic Risks 
 Economic conditions impact our business. 
 Our operations are affected by economic conditions, which correlates to customers/sales growth (decline). Economic conditions may be impacted by recessionary factors, rising interest rates and insufficient financial sector liquidity leading to potential increased unemployment, which may impact customers ability to pay their bills which could lead to additional bad debt expense. 
 Additionally, NSP-Minnesota faces competitive factors, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, worldwide economic activity impacts the demand for basic commodities necessary for utility infrastructure, which may inhibit our ability to acquire sufficient supplies. We operate in a capital intensive industry and federal trade policy could significantly impact the cost of materials we use. There may be delays before these additional material costs can be recovered in rates. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 We face risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, which may have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Health epidemics continue to impact countries, communities, supply chains and markets. Uncertainty continues to exist regarding epidemics; the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally); the potential impact on the workforce including shortages of employees and third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions; impacts on the transportation of goods, and the generalized impact on the economy. 
 We cannot ultimately predict whether an epidemic will have a material impact on our future liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. Nor can we predict the impact on the health of our employees, our supply chain or our ability to recover higher costs associated with managing an outbreak. 
 Operations could be impacted by war, terrorism, or other events. 
 Our generation plants, fuel storage facilities, transmission and distribution facilities and information and control systems may be targets of terrorist activities. Any disruption could impact operations or result in a decrease in revenues and additional costs to repair and insure our assets. These disruptions could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The potential for terrorism has subjected our operations to increased risks and could have a material effect on our business. We have incurred increased costs for security and capital expenditures in response to these risks. The insurance industry has also been affected by these events and the availability of insurance may decrease. In addition, insurance may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms. 
 A disruption of the regional electric transmission grid, interstate natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources, could negatively impact our business, brand and reputation. Because our facilities are part of an interconnected system, we face the risk of possible loss of business due to a disruption caused by the actions of a neighboring utility. 
 We also face the risks of possible loss of business due to significant events such as severe storms, temperature extremes, wildfires, widespread pandemic, generator or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, railroad disruption, operator error, sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation or a workforce disruption. 
 In addition, major catastrophic events throughout the world may disrupt our business. While we have business continuity plans in place, our ability to recover may be prolonged due to the type and extent of the event. NSP-Minnesota participates in a global supply chain, which includes materials and components that are globally sourced. A prolonged disruption could result in the delay of equipment and materials that may impact our ability to connect, restore and reliably serve our customers. 
 A major disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues, additional costs to repair assets, and an adverse impact on the cost and availability of insurance, which could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

A cyber incident or security breach could have a material effect on our business. 
 We operate in an industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology, control systems and network infrastructure. In addition, we use our systems and infrastructure to create, collect, use, disclose, store, dispose of and otherwise process sensitive information, including Company data, customer energy usage data, and personal information regarding customers, employees and their dependents, contractors and other individuals. 
 Our generation, transmission, distribution and fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure or physical assets, as well as information processed in our systems (e.g., information regarding our customers, employees, operations, infrastructure and assets) could be affected by cyber security incidents, including those caused by human error. 
 The utility industry has been the target of several attacks on operational systems and has seen an increased volume and sophistication of cyber security incidents from international activist organizations, other countries and individuals. We expect to continue to experience attempts to compromise our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. To date, no cybersecurity incident or attack has had a material impact on our business or results of operations. 
 Cyber security incidents could harm our businesses by limiting our generating, transmitting and distributing capabilities, delaying our development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects to existing facilities, disrupting our customer operations or causing the release of customer information, all of which would likely receive state and federal regulatory scrutiny and could expose us to liability. 
 Our generation, transmission systems and natural gas pipelines are part of an interconnected system. Therefore, a disruption caused by the impact of a cyber security incident on the regional electric transmission grid, natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources of our third-party service providers operations, could also negatively impact our business. 
 Our supply chain for procurement of digital equipment and services may expose software or hardware to these risks and could result in a breach or significant costs of remediation. We are unable to quantify the potential impact of cyber security threats or subsequent related actions. Cyber security incidents and regulatory action could result in a material decrease in revenues and may cause significant additional costs (e.g., penalties, third-party claims, repairs, insurance or compliance) and potentially disrupt our supply and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels. 
 We maintain security measures to protect our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. However, these assets and the information they process may be vulnerable to cyber security incidents, including asset failure or unauthorized access to assets or information. A failure or breach of our technology systems or those of our third-party service providers could disrupt critical business functions and may negatively impact our business, our brand, and our reputation. The cyber security threat is dynamic and evolves continually, and our efforts to prioritize network protection may not be effective given the constant changes to threat vulnerability. 
 While the Company maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs or damages experienced. Also, the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events is evolving as the industry matures. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Our operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be adversely affected by milder weather. 
 Our electric and natural gas utility businesses are seasonal and weather patterns can have a material impact on our operating performance. Demand for electricity is often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. Because natural gas is heavily used for residential and commercial heating, the demand depends heavily upon weather patterns. A significant amount of natural gas revenues are recognized in the first and fourth quarters related to the heating season. Accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. Unusually mild winters and summers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Public Policy Risks 
 Increased risks of regulatory penalties could negatively impact our business. 
 The Energy Act increased civil penalty authority for violation of FERC statutes, rules and orders. FERC can impose penalties of up to 1.5 million per violation per day, particularly as it relates to energy trading activities for both electricity and natural gas. In addition, NERC electric reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection requirements are mandatory and subject to potential financial penalties. Also, the PHMSA, Occupational Safety and Health Administration and other federal agencies have the authority to assess penalties. 
 In the event of serious incidents, these agencies may pursue penalties. In addition, certain states have the authority to impose substantial penalties. If a serious reliability, cyber or safety incident did occur, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 The continued use of natural gas for both power generation and gas distribution have increasingly become a public policy advocacy target. These efforts may result in a limitation of natural gas as an energy source for both power generation and heating, which could impact our ability to reliably and affordably serve our customers. 
 In recent years, there have been various local and state agency proposals within and outside our service territories that would attempt to restrict the use and availability of natural gas. If such policies were to prevail, we may be forced to make new resource investment decisions which could potentially result in stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments and impact the overall reliability of our service. 
 Environmental Policy Risks 
 We may be subject to legislative and regulatory responses to climate change, with which compliance could be difficult and costly. 
 Legislative and regulatory responses related to climate change may create financial risk as our facilities may be subject to additional regulation at either the state or federal level in the future. International agreements could additionally lead to future federal or state regulations. 
 In 2015, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change reached consensus among 190 nations on an agreement (the Paris Agreement) that establishes a framework for GHG mitigation actions by all countries, with a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature to below 2 Celsius above pre-industrial levels and an aspiration to limit the increase to 1.5 Celsius. 

International commitments and agreements could result in future additional GHG reductions in the United States. In addition, in 2023 the EPA intends to publish draft regulations for GHG emissions from the power sector consistent with the agency s Clean Air Act authorities. 
 Many states and localities continue to pursue their own climate policies. The steps NSP-Minnesota has taken to date to reduce GHG emissions, including energy efficiency measures, adding renewable generation and retiring or converting coal plants to natural gas, occurred under state-endorsed resource plans, renewable energy standards and other state policies. 
 We may be subject to climate change lawsuits. An adverse outcome could require substantial capital expenditures and possibly require payment of substantial penalties or damages. Defense costs associated with such litigation can also be significant and could affect results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates. 
 If our regulators do not allow us to recover all or a part of the cost of capital investment or the O M costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations, with which compliance could be difficult and costly. 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations that affect many aspects of our operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges and the generation, transport and disposal of solid wastes and hazardous substances. Laws and regulations require us to obtain permits, licenses, and approvals and to comply with a variety of environmental requirements. 
 Environmental laws and regulations can also require us to restrict or limit the output of facilities or the use of certain fuels, shift generation to lower-emitting facilities, install pollution control equipment, clean up spills and other contamination and correct environmental hazards. Failure to meet requirements of environmental mandates may result in fines or penalties. We may be required to pay all or a portion of the cost to remediate sites where our past activities, or the activities of other parties, caused environmental contamination. 
 Changes in environmental policies and regulations or regulatory decisions may result in early retirements of our generation facilities. While regulation typically provides relief for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs. 
 We are subject to mandates to provide customers with clean energy, renewable energy and energy conservation offerings. It could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if our regulators do not allow us to recover the cost of capital investment or O M costs incurred to comply with the requirements. 
 In addition, existing environmental laws or regulations may be revised and new laws or regulations may be adopted. We may also incur additional unanticipated obligations or liabilities under existing environmental laws and regulations. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change and other weather, natural disaster and resource depletion impacts. 
 Climate change can create physical and financial risk. Physical risks include changes in weather conditions and extreme weather events. 
 Our customers energy needs vary with weather. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers energy use could increase or decrease. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in generating assets, transmission and infrastructure. Decreased energy use due to weather changes may result in decreased revenues. 
 Climate change may impact the economy, which could impact our sales and revenues. The price of energy has an impact on the economic health of our communities. The cost of additional regulatory requirements, such as regulation of GHG, could impact the availability of goods and prices charged by our suppliers which would normally be borne by consumers through higher prices for energy and purchased goods. To the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of GHGs as a financial risk, this could negatively affect our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less than ideal terms and conditions. 
 We establish strategies and expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters. Our ability to achieve any such strategies or expectations is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include, but are not limited to, evolving legal, regulatory, and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. Failures or delays (whether actual or perceived) in achieving our strategies or expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters could adversely affect our business, operations, and reputation, and increase risk of litigation. 

Severe weather impacts our service territories, primarily when thunderstorms, flooding, tornadoes, wildfires and snow or ice storms or extreme temperatures (high heating/cooling days) occur. Extreme weather conditions in general require system backup and can contribute to increased system stress, including service interruptions. Extreme weather conditions creating high energy demand may raise electricity prices, increasing the cost of energy we provide to our customers. 
 To the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service and result in more frequent service interruptions. Periods of extreme temperatures could also impact our ability to meet demand. 
 More frequent and severe drought conditions, extreme swings in amount and timing of precipitation, changes in vegetation, unseasonably warm temperatures, very low humidity, stronger winds and other factors have increased the duration of the wildfire season and the potential impact of an event. Also, the expansion of the wildland urban interface increases the wildfire risk to surrounding communities and NSP-Minnesota s electric and natural gas infrastructure. 
 Other potential risks associated with wildfires include the inability to secure sufficient insurance coverage, or increased costs of insurance, regulatory recovery risk, and the potential for a credit downgrade and subsequent additional costs to access capital markets. 
 While we carry liability insurance, given an extreme event, if NSP-Minnesota was found to be liable for wildfire damages, amounts that potentially exceed our coverage could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Drought or water depletion could adversely impact our ability to provide electricity to customers, cause early retirement of power plants and increase the cost for energy. Adverse events may result in increased insurance costs and/or decreased insurance availability We may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks. 
 
 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 
 Virtually all of the utility plant property of NSP-Minnesota is subject to the lien of its first mortgage bond indenture. 
 Station, Location and Unit at Dec. 31, 2022 Fuel Installed MW (a) 
 Steam: A.S. King-Bayport, MN, 1 Unit Coal 1968 511 Sherco-Becker, MN Unit 1 Coal 1976 680 Unit 2 Coal 1977 682 Unit 3 Coal 1987 517 (b) 
 Monticello, MN, 1 Unit Nuclear 1971 617 PI-Welch, MN Unit 1 Nuclear 1973 521 Unit 2 Nuclear 1974 519 Various locations, 4 Units Wood/Refuse Various 36 (c) 
 Combustion Turbine: Angus Anson-Sioux Falls, SD, 3 Units Natural Gas 1994 - 2005 327 Black Dog-Burnsville, MN, 3 Units Natural Gas 1987 - 2018 494 Blue Lake-Shakopee, MN, 6 Units Natural Gas 1974 - 2005 447 High Bridge-St. Paul, MN, 3 Units Natural Gas 2008 530 Inver Hills-Inver Grove Heights, MN, 6 Units Natural Gas 1972 252 Riverside-Minneapolis, MN, 3 Units Natural Gas 2009 454 Various locations, 7 Units Natural Gas Various 10 Wind: Blazing Star 1-Lincoln County, MN, 100 Units Wind 2020 200 (d) 
 Blazing Star 2-Lincoln County, MN, 100 Units Wind 2021 200 (d) 
 Border-Rolette County, ND, 75 Units Wind 2015 148 (d) 
 Community Wind North-Lincoln County, MN, 12 Units Wind 2020 26 (d) 
 Courtenay Wind-Stutsman County, ND, 100 Units Wind 2016 190 (d) 
 Crowned Ridge 2-Grant County, SD, 88 Units Wind 2020 192 (d) 
 Dakota Range, SD, 72 Units Wind 2022 298 (d) 
 Foxtail-Dickey County, ND, 75 Units Wind 2019 150 (d) 
 Freeborn-Freeborn County, MN, 100 Units Wind 2021 200 (d) 
 Grand Meadow-Mower County, MN, 67 Units Wind 2008 99 (d) 
 Jeffers-Cottonwood County, MN, 20 Units Wind 2020 43 (d) 
 Lake Benton-Pipestone County, MN, 44 Units Wind 2019 99 (d) 
 Mower-Mower County, MN, 43 Units Wind 2021 91 (d) 
 Nobles-Nobles County, MN, 133 Units (e) 
 Wind 2010 200 (d) 
 Pleasant Valley-Mower County, MN, 100 Units Wind 2015 196 (d) 
 Rock Aetna - Murray County, MN, 8 Units Wind 2022 20 (d) 
 Total 8,949 
 (a) Su mmer 2022 net dependable capacity. 
 (b) Based on NSP-Minnesota s ownership of 59 . 
 (c) Refuse-derived fuel is made from municipal solid waste. 
 (d) Capacity is attainable only when wind conditions are sufficiently available. 
 (e) Repowered in 2022. 

Electric utility overhead and underground transmission and distribution lines (measured in conductor miles) at Dec. 31, 2022: 
 Conductor Miles Transmission 500 KV 2,915 345 KV 12,183 230 KV 2,300 161 KV 626 115 KV 8,033 Less than 115 KV 6,537 Total Transmission 32,594 Distribution Less than 115 KV 82,024 Total 114,618 
 NSP-Minnesota had 352 electric utility transmission and distribution substations at Dec. 31, 2022. 
 Natural gas utility mains at Dec. 31, 2022: 
 Miles Transmission 78 Distribution 10,902 
 
 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 NSP-Minnesota is involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or is a reasonable possibility, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. Management maintains accruals for losses probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. 
 Management is sometimes unable to estimate an amount or range of a reasonably possible loss in certain situations, including but not limited to, when (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings are in the early stages, or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories. In such cases, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss. 
 For current proceedings not specifically reported herein, management does not anticipate that the ultimate liabilities, if any, would have a material effect on NSP-Minnesota s consolidated financial statements. Legal fees are generally expensed as incurred. 
 See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, Item 1 and Item 7 for further information. 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 NSP-Minnesota is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. and there is no market for its common equity securities. 
 The dividends declared during 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 First quarter 167 109 Second quarter 114 107 Third quarter 182 109 Fourth quarter 123 96 
 
 ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Discussion of financial condition and liquidity for NSP-Minnesota is omitted per conditions set forth in General Instructions I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K for wholly owned subsidiaries. It is replaced with management s narrative analysis of the results of operations set forth in General Instruction I(2)(a) of Form 10-K for wholly owned subsidiaries (reduced disclosure format). 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures such as ongoing earnings. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a measure of a company s financial performance, financial position or cash flows that are adjusted from measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 NSP-Minnesota s management uses non-GAAP measures for financial planning and analysis, for reporting of results to the Board of Directors, in determining performance-based compensation and communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors. Non-GAAP financial measures are intended to supplement investors understanding of our performance and should not be considered alternatives for financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures are discussed in more detail below and may not be comparable to other companies similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Earnings Adjusted for Certain Items (Ongoing Earnings) 
 Ongoing earnings reflect adjustments to GAAP earnings (net income) for certain items. 
 We use these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate and provide details of NSP-Minnesota s core earnings and underlying performance. We believe these measurements are useful to investors to evaluate the actual and projected financial performance and contribution of NSP-Minnesota. For the years ended Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no such adjustments to GAAP earnings and therefore GAAP earnings equal ongoing earnings. 

Results of Operations 
 2022 Comparison with 2021 
 NSP-Minnesota s net income was approximately 675 million for 2022, compared with approximately 606 million for 2021. The increase in earnings is driven primarily by regulatory rate outcomes, partially offset by additional depreciation and O M expenses. 
 Electric Margin 
 Electric margin is presented as electric revenues less electric fuel and purchased power expenses. Expenses incurred for electric fuel and purchased power are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. As a result, changes in these expenses are generally offset in operating revenues. 
 Electric revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses are impacted by fluctuations in the price of natural gas, coal and uranium. However, these price fluctuations generally have minimal impact on earnings impact due to fuel recovery mechanisms. In addition, electric customers receive a credit for PTCs generated, which reduce electric revenue and income taxes. 
 Electric Revenues, Fuel and Purchased Power and Electric Margin 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 Electric revenues 5,617 5,094 Electric fuel and purchased power (2,416) (2,042) Electric margin 3,201 3,052 
 Changes in Electric Margin 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 vs. 2021 Regulatory rate outcome (Minnesota) 183 Non-fuel riders 36 Wholesale transmission (net) 
 28 PTCs flowed back to customers (offset by lower ETR) (109) Other (net) 11 Total increase 149 
 Natural Gas Margin 
 Natural gas margin is presented as natural gas revenues less the cost of natural gas sold and transported. Expenses incurred for the cost of natural gas sold are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. As a result, changes in these expenses are generally offset in operating revenues. 
 Natural gas expense varies with changing sales and the cost of natural gas. However, fluctuations in the cost of natural gas generally have minimal earnings impact due to cost recovery mechanisms. 
 Natural Gas Revenues, Cost of Natural Gas Sold and Transported and Natural Gas Margin 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 Natural gas revenues 1,022 623 Cost of natural gas sold and transported (741) (385) Natural gas margin 281 238 

17 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Natural Gas Margin 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 vs. 2021 Regulatory rate outcomes (Minnesota, North Dakota) 27 Estimated impact of weather 12 Conservation revenue (offset in expenses) 9 Infrastructure and integrity riders 7 Winter Storm Uri disallowance (16) Other (net) 4 Total increase 43 
 Non-Fuel Operating Expenses and Other Items 
 O M Expenses O M expenses increased 38 million year-to-date. The increase was primarily due to inflation and impacts of supply chain constraints; operational activities (vegetation management, repairs/maintenance and storms); costs for technology and customer programs; insurance-related costs; interchange; and other. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization expense increased 88 million for 2022. The increase was primarily driven by capital investment, including several wind farms going into service in 2021 and 2022. 
 Interest Charges Interest charges increased 20 million year-to-date. The increase was largely due to higher debt levels to fund capital investments and higher interest rates. 
 Income Taxes Income tax benefit increased 64 million for 2022. The increase was primarily driven by increased wind PTCs due to several new wind farms going into service and greater production at existing wind farms. Wind PTCs are credited to customers (recorded as a reduction to revenue) and do not have a material impact on net income. 
 
 Public Utility Regulation 
 The FERC and various state and local regulatory commissions regulate NSP-Minnesota. NSP-Minnesota is subject to rate regulation by state utility regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric and natural gas distribution companies in Minnesota, North Dakota and South Dakota. 
 Rates are designed to recover plant investment, operating costs and an allowed return on investment. NSP-Minnesota requests changes in utility rates through commission filings. Changes in operating costs can affect NSP-Minnesota s financial results, depending on the timing of rate cases and implementation of final rates. Other factors affecting rate filings are new investments, sales, conservation and demand side management efforts, and the cost of capital. 
 In addition, the regulatory commissions authorize the ROE, capital structure and depreciation rates in rate proceedings. Decisions by these regulators can significantly impact NSP-Minnesota s results of operations and credit quality. 
 See Rate Matters within Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 

Summary of Regulatory Agencies / RTO and Areas of Jurisdiction 
 Regulatory Body / RTO Additional Information 
 MPUC Retail rates, services, security issuances, property transfers, mergers, disposition of assets, affiliate transactions, and other aspects of electric and natural gas operations. 
 Reviews and approves Integrated Resource Plans for meeting future energy needs. 
 Certifies the need and siting for generating plants greater than 50 MW and transmission lines greater than 100 KV in Minnesota. 
 Reviews and approves natural gas supply plans. 
 NDPSC Retail rates, services and other aspects of electric and natural gas operations. 
 Reviews and approves Integrated Resource Plans for meeting future energy needs. 
 Regulatory authority over generation and transmission facilities, along with the siting and routing of new generation and transmission facilities in North Dakota. 
 Pipeline safety compliance. 
 SDPUC Retail rates, services and other aspects of electric operations. 
 Regulatory authority over generation and transmission facilities, along with the siting and routing of new generation and transmission facilities in South Dakota. 
 Pipeline safety compliance. 
 FERC Wholesale electric operations, hydroelectric licensing, accounting practices, wholesale sales for resale, transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with NERC electric reliability standards, asset transfers and mergers, and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce. 
 MISO NSP-Minnesota is a transmission owning member of the MISO RTO and operates within the MISO RTO and wholesale markets. NSP-Minnesota makes wholesale sales in other RTO markets at market-based rates. NSP-Minnesota and NSP-Wisconsin also make wholesale electric sales at market-based prices to customers outside of their balancing authority as jointly authorized by the FERC. 
 DOT Pipeline safety compliance. 
 Minnesota Office of Pipeline Safety Pipeline safety compliance. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Recovery Mechanisms 
 Mechanism Additional Information 
 CIP Rider (a) 
 Recovers costs of conservation and DSM programs in Minnesota. 
 Environmental Improvement Rider Recovers costs of environmental improvement projects in Minnesota. 
 Renewable Development Fund Allocates money collected from customers to support research and development of emerging renewable energy projects and technologies in Minnesota. 
 RES Recovers cost of renewable generation in Minnesota. 
 Renewable Energy Rider Recovers cost of renewable generation in North Dakota. 
 Transmission Cost Recovery Recovers costs for investments in Minnesota, North Dakota, and South Dakota for electric transmission and distribution grid modernization. 
 Infrastructure Rider Recovers costs for investments in generation in South Dakota. 
 Fuel Clause Adjustment Recovers prudently incurred costs of fuel related items and purchased energy (Minnesota, North Dakota and South Dakota). 
 Purchased Gas Adjustment Provides for prospective monthly rate adjustments in Minnesota and North Dakota for costs of purchased natural gas, transportation and storage service. Includes a true-up process for difference between projected and actual costs. 
 GUIC Rider Recovers costs for transmission and distribution pipeline integrity management programs, including funding for pipeline assessments, deferred costs for sewer separation and pipeline integrity management programs in Minnesota. The statute authorizing the GUIC Rider is set to expire June 30, 2023. 
 Sales True-up NSP-Minnesota has historically had a sales true-up mechanism for all electric customer classes which ended in 2021. We are requesting implementation of a new sales true-up mechanism for 2022 - 2024. These mechanisms mitigate the impact of changes to sales levels as compared to a baseline. 
 
 (a) Minnesota state law requires NSP-Minnesota to spend 2 of its state electric revenues and 0.5 of its state natural gas revenues on CIP. These costs are recovered through an annual cost-recovery mechanism. 
 Pending and Recently Concluded Regulatory Proceedings 
 2022 Minnesota Electric Rate Case I n October 2021, NSP-Minnesota filed a three-year electric rate case with the MPUC. The request is based on a ROE of 10.2 , a 52.5 equity ratio and forward test years. 
 In December 2021, the MPUC approved interim rates, subject to refund, of 247 million, effective Jan. 1, 2022. In November 2022, NSP-Minnesota revised its rate request to 498 million over three years. 
 The revised request is detailed as follows: 
 (Amounts in Millions) 2022 2023 2024 Total Rate request (annual increase) 234 94 170 498 Rate base 10,923 11,425 11,902 N/A 

In 2022, several parties filed testimony with various recommendations. The DOC provided the following recommendations in surrebuttal testimony. 
 2022 2023 2024 NSP-Minnesota s filed base revenue request 396 546 677 Recommended adjustments: Rate base and rate of return (72) (65) (65) MISO capacity credits (66) (112) (111) Sales forecast update (51) Monticello and wind farm life extension (21) (54) (51) PTC forecast (28) (1) (1) Property tax (14) (23) (34) Prepaid pension asset and liability (13) (21) (32) O M expenses (37) (39) (44) Sherco 3 and King remaining life 29 28 Other, net (23) (33) (43) Total adjustments (325) (319) (353) Total proposed revenue change 71 227 324 
 Next steps in the procedural schedule are expected to be as follows: 
 ALJ Report: March 31, 2023. 
 MPUC Order: June 30, 2023. 
 2022 Minnesota Natural Gas Rate Case In November 2021, NSP-Minnesota filed a request with the MPUC for a natural gas rate increase of 36 million, or 6.6 . The filing is based on a 2022 forecast test year and includes a requested ROE of 10.5 , an equity ratio of 52.5 and a rate base of 934 million. In December 2021, the MPUC approved an interim rate increase of 25 million, subject to refund, effective Jan. 1, 2022. 
 In October 2022, NSP-Minnesota and various parties filed an uncontested settlement, which includes the following key terms: 
 Base rate revenue increase of 21 million, with a true up to weather normalized actual sales for 2022. 
 Revenue decoupling mechanism. 
 Symmetrical property tax true-up. 
 ROE of 9.57 . 
 Equity ratio of 52.5 . 
 In December 2022, the ALJ recommended MPUC approval of the settlement. A MPUC decision is expected in the first half of 2023. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 2021 North Dakota Natural Gas Rate Case In September 2021, NSP-Minnesota filed a request with the NDPSC for a natural gas rate increase of 7 million, or 10.5 . The filing is based on a ROE of 10.5 , an equity ratio of 52.54 , a 2022 forecast test year and rate base of 124 million. Interim rates of 7 million, subject to refund, were implemented on Nov. 1, 2021. 
 In May 2022, NSP-Minnesota and NDPSC Staff reached a settlement, which reflects a rate increase of 5 million, based on a 9.8 ROE and 52.54 equity ratio. In October 2022, the NDPSC approved the settlement and final rates were implemented on Nov. 1, 2022. 
 South Dakota Electric Rate Case In June 2022, NSP-Minnesota filed a South Dakota electric rate case seeking a revenue increase of approximately 44 million. The filing is based on a 2021 historic test year adjusted for certain known and measurable changes for 2022 and 2023, a ROE of 10.75 , rate base of approximately 947 million and an equity ratio of 53 . Interim rates were implemented on Jan. 1, 2023. Final rates are expected to be approved by the SDPUC in mid-2023. 
 Wind Repowering In January 2021, the MPUC approved NSP-Minnesota s request for the repowering of 651 MW of owned wind projects. Two of the four repowering projects, where construction has not yet begun (in-service dates in 2025), now expect costs in excess of the original approval. While the capital costs have increased, the passage of the IRA and other changes result in a levelized cost of energy that is approximately 30 lower than the original approval. 
 In October 2022, NSP-Minnesota filed a request with the MPUC seeking approval of the higher capital costs for these repowering projects. In February 2023, the DOC filed comments recommending approval of recovery of the increased costs of these projects through the RES Rider. A final decision is pending. 
 2022 Upper Midwest RFP In August 2022, NSP-Minnesota launched a RFP for 900 MW of solar or solar-plus-storage hybrid resources to come online by the end of 2025, including up to 300 MW of capacity to reuse the Sherco Unit 2 interconnection rights when the coal facility retires at the end of 2023. 
 NSP-Minnesota completed its bid evaluation process in December 2022 and will file for approval of the selected projects in early 2023. 
 2022 Minnesota Electric Vehicle Proposal In August 2022, NSP-Minnesota filed a request with the MPUC for approval of approximately 320 million of capital investments (2022 through 2026) to support a public charging network, electric school bus pilot, and other expansions and modifications to its residential and commercial electric vehicle programs. 
 In October 2022, the MPUC referred the matter to the Office of Administrative Hearings to conduct a contested case on the proposals. In February 2023, other parties to the contested proceeding filed their direct testimony ranging in levels of support / opposition to the proposals. The evidentiary hearing is scheduled in Q2 2023 with a report from the ALJ expected in Q3 2023. A MPUC decision is expected in late 2023. 
 Nuclear Power Operations 
 Nuclear power plant operations produce gaseous, liquid and solid radioactive wastes, which are covered by federal regulation. High-level radioactive wastes primarily include used nuclear fuel. Low-level waste consists primarily of demineralizer resins, paper, protective clothing, rags, tools and equipment contaminated through use. 

NRC Regulation The NRC regulates nuclear operations. Costs of complying with NRC requirements can affect both operating expenses and capital investments of the plants. NSP-Minnesota has obtained recovery of these compliance costs and expects to recover future compliance costs. 
 Low-Level Waste Disposal Low level waste from Monticello and PI is disposed of at the Clive facility located in Utah and the Waste Control Specialists facility in Texas. NSP-Minnesota has storage capacity available on-site at PI and Monticello which would allow both plants to continue to operate until the end of their current licensed lives if off-site low-level waste disposal facilities become unavailable. 
 High-Level Radioactive Waste Disposal The federal government has responsibility to permanently dispose of domestic spent nuclear fuel and other high-level radioactive wastes. The Nuclear Waste Policy Act requires the DOE to implement a program for nuclear high-level waste management. 
 This includes the siting, licensing, construction and operation of a repository for spent nuclear fuel from civilian nuclear power reactors and other high-level radioactive wastes at a permanent federal storage or disposal facility. Currently, there are no definitive plans for a permanent federal storage facility site. 
 Nuclear Spent Fuel Storage NSP-Minnesota has interim on-site storage for spent nuclear fuel at its Monticello and PI nuclear generating plants. Authorized storage capacity is sufficient to allow NSP-Minnesota to operate until the end of the operating licenses in 2030 for Monticello, 2033 for PI Unit 1, and 2034 for PI Unit 2. 
 In September 2021, NSP-Minnesota filed an application for a CON for additional spent fuel storage (existing Independent spent fuel storage installation) at the Monticello Nuclear Power Generating Plant to allow continued operation of the Monticello Plant until 2040. 
 A decision is expected in late 2023. Authorizations for additional spent fuel storage capacity may be required at each site to support either continued operation or decommissioning if the federal government does not commence storage operations. 
 In February 2023, NSP-Minnesota also filed an application with the NDPSC for an Advance Determination of Prudence for continued operation of the Monticello Plant until at least 2040. A decision is expected in 2023. 
 Wholesale and Commodity Marketing Operations 
 NSP-Minnesota conducts wholesale marketing operations, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, ancillary services and energy-related products. NSP-Minnesota uses physical and financial instruments to minimize commodity price risk and to hedge sales and purchases. 
 NSP-Minnesota also engages in trading activity unrelated to these hedging activities. Sharing of any margins is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the FERC approved joint operating agreement. NSP-Minnesota does not serve any wholesale requirements customers at cost-based regulated rates. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Other 
 Supply Chain 
 NSP-Minnesota s ability to meet customer energy requirements, respond to storm-related disruptions and execute our capital expenditure program are dependent on maintaining an efficient supply chain. Manufacturing processes have experienced disruptions related to scarcity of certain raw materials and interruptions in production and shipping. These disruptions have been further exacerbated by inflationary pressures, labor shortages and the impact of international conflicts/issues. NSP-Minnesota continues to monitor the situation as it remains fluid and seeks to mitigate the impacts by securing alternative suppliers, modifying design standards, and adjusting the timing of work. 
 Electric Distribution and Transmission Transformers 
 The availability of certain transformers is an industry-wide issue that has been significantly impacted and in some cases may result in delays in projects and new customer connections. NSP-Minnesota continues to seek alternative suppliers and prioritize work plans to mitigate impacts of supply constraints. 
 Solar Resources 
 In April 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce initiated an anti-circumvention investigation that would subject CSPV solar panels and cells imported from Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, and Cambodia with potential incremental tariffs ranging from 50 to 250 . These countries account for more than 80 of CSPV panel imports. 
 An interim stay on tariffs has been issued and many significant solar projects have resumed with modified costs and projected in-service dates, including the Sherco Solar facility. Further policy action or other restrictions on solar imports (i.e., as a result of implementation of the Uyghur Forced Labor Protection Act) could impact project timelines and costs. 
 MISO Capacity Credits 
 The NSP System offered 1,500 MW of excess capacity into the MISO planning resource auction for June 2022 through May 2023. Due to a projected overall capacity shortfall in the MISO region, the 1,500 MWs offered cleared the auction at maximum pricing, generating revenues of approximately 90 million in 2022, with approximately 60 million expected in 2023. These amounts mitigate customer rate increases or are returned through earnings sharing or other mechanisms. 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 In August 2022, the IRA was signed into law. 
 Key provisions impacting NSP-Minnesota include: 
 Extends current PTC and ITC for renewable technologies (e.g., wind and solar). 
 Restores full value of the PTC and ITC for qualifying facilities placed in-service after 2021. 
 Creates a PTC for solar, clean hydrogen and nuclear. 
 Establishes an ITC for energy storage, microgrids, interconnection facilities, etc. 
 Allows companies to monetize or sell credits to unrelated parties. 

NSP-Minnesota anticipates the IRA will drive significant customer savings for both new and existing Company owned renewable projects, assuming appropriate regulatory mechanisms and development of a market for the sale of tax credits. The IRA is expected to allow NSP-Minnesota to monetize tax credits more efficiently with the incremental benefits passed through to customers. 
 The IRA creates a nuclear PTC beginning in 2024 that may also provide additional savings to NSP System customers, depending on locational marginal pricing, as well as constructive U.S. Treasury guidance regarding computation of the credits. 
 In addition, the IRA created a new corporate AMT. NSP-Minnesota does not anticipate AMT having a material cash impact based on current estimates and our interpretation of AMT application. 
 Winter Storm Uri 
 In February 2021, the United States experienced Winter Storm Uri. Extreme cold temperatures impacted certain operational assets as well as the availability of renewable generation. The cold weather also affected the country s supply and demand for natural gas. These factors contributed to extremely high market prices for natural gas and electricity. As a result of the extremely high market prices, NSP-Minnesota incurred net natural gas, fuel and purchased energy costs of approximately 230 million (largely deferred as regulatory assets). 
 NSP-Minnesota received approval of recovery in North Dakota from the NDPSC in 2021. Winter Storm Uri had no impact on South Dakota electric costs as NSP-Minnesota was a net seller in the market. 
 In 2021, NSP-Minnesota filed with the MPUC seeking recovery of 215 million in incremental costs from natural gas customers. In August 2021, the MPUC allowed recovery of 36 million of ordinary costs over 12 months through the PGA and of 179 million of costs deemed to be extraordinary (with no financing charge) starting in September 2021, pending a prudency review. The C I class 82 million) will be recovered over 27 months and the residential class 97 million) will be recovered over a 63-month recovery period. 
 In May 2022, the ALJs found the Winter Storm Uri fuel costs were prudently incurred and recommended no disallowances. In August 2022, the MPUC approved recovery of Uri storm costs with a 19 million disallowance. 
 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Derivatives, Risk Management and Market Risk 
 NSP-Minnesota is exposed to a variety of market risks in the normal course of business. Market risk is the potential loss that may occur as a result of adverse changes in the market or fair value for a particular instrument or commodity. All financial and commodity-related instruments, including derivatives, are subject to market risk. 
 NSP-Minnesota is exposed to the impact of adverse changes in price for energy and energy-related products, which is partially mitigated by the use of commodity derivatives. In addition to ongoing monitoring and maintaining credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk, management takes steps to mitigate changes in credit and concentration risks associated with its derivatives and other contracts, including parental guarantees and requests of collateral. While NSP-Minnesota expects that the counterparties will perform on the contracts underlying its derivatives, the contracts expose NSP-Minnesota to credit and non-performance risk. 

21 

Table of Contents 

 Distress in the financial markets may impact counterparty risk and the fair value of the securities in the nuclear decommissioning fund and pension fund. 
 Commodity Price Risk We are exposed to commodity price risk in our electric and natural gas operations. Commodity price risk is managed by entering into long and short-term physical purchase and sales contracts for electric capacity, energy and energy-related products and fuels used in generation and distribution activities. 
 Commodity price risk is also managed through the use of financial derivative instruments. Our risk management policy allows us to manage commodity price risk within each rate-regulated operation per commission approved hedge plans. 
 Wholesale and Commodity Trading Risk NSP-Minnesota conducts various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, energy-related instruments and natural gas-related instruments, including derivatives. NSP-Minnesota s risk management policy allows management to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee. 
 Fair value of net commodity trading contracts as of Dec. 31, 2022: 
 Futures/ Forwards Maturity (Millions of Dollars) Less Than 1 Year 1 to 3 Years 4 to 5 Years Greater Than 5 Years Total Fair Value NSP-Minnesota (a) 
 (8) (6) (7) (2) (23) NSP-Minnesota (b) 
 5 (4) (3) (2) (3) (10) (7) (5) (25) 
 Options Maturity (Millions of Dollars) Less Than 1 Year 1 to 3 Years 4 to 5 Years Greater Than 5 Years Total Fair Value NSP-Minnesota (b) 
 15 15 
 (a) Prices actively quoted or based on actively quoted prices. 
 (b) Prices based on models and other valuation methods. 
 Changes in the fair value of commodity trading contracts before the impacts of margin-sharing for the years ended Dec. 31: 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 Fair value of commodity trading net contracts outstanding at Jan. 1 (18) (8) Contracts realized or settled during the period (7) (58) Commodity trading contract additions and changes during the period 15 48 Fair value of commodity trading net contracts outstanding at Dec. 31 (10) (18) 
 A 10 increase and 10 decrease in forward market prices for NSP-Minnesota s commodity trading contracts would have likewise increased and decreased pretax income from continuing operations, by approximately 2 million at Dec. 31, 2022 and 3 million at Dec. 31, 2021. Market price movements can exceed 10 under abnormal circumstances. 
 NSP-Minnesota s commodity trading operations measure the outstanding risk exposure to price changes on contracts and obligations using an industry standard methodology known as VaR. VaR expresses the potential change in fair value of the outstanding contracts and obligations over a particular period of time under normal market conditions. 

The VaRs for the NSP-Minnesota and PSCo commodity trading operations, excluding both non-derivative transactions and derivative transactions designated as normal purchases and normal sales, calculated on a consolidated basis using a Monte Carlo simulation with a 95 confidence level and a one-day holding period, were as follows: 
 (Millions of Dollars) Year Ended Dec. 31 Average High Low 2022 2 1 5 2021 1 2 52 1 
 A short-term increase in VaR occurred during the week of Feb. 12, 2021 through Feb. 18, 2021. On Feb. 17, 2021, the portfolio VaR reached a high of 52 million. This increase in VaR was driven by the unprecedented market conditions during Winter Storm Uri. Prior to this weather event, VaR was 1 million and returned to 1 million by Feb. 19, 2021. 
 Nuclear Fuel Supply NSP-Minnesota has contracted for its 2023 and 2024 enriched nuclear material requirements, which are in various stages of processing in Canada, Europe, and the United States. NSP-Minnesota is scheduled to take delivery of approximately 26 of its average enriched nuclear material requirements from Russia through 2030. We are closely monitoring the evolving situation in Ukraine and its global impacts. NSP-Minnesota is in the process of entering into new contracts to reduce the risk of supply interruptions of nuclear material from Russia. NSP-Minnesota will take additional further action to reduce this risk as necessary. 
 Interest Rate Risk NSP-Minnesota is subject to interest rate risk. NSP-Minnesota s risk management policy allows interest rate risk to be managed through the use of fixed rate debt, floating rate debt and interest rate derivatives. 
 A 100-basis-point change in the benchmark rate on NSP-Minnesota s variable rate debt would impact pretax interest expense annually by approximately 2 million and an immaterial amount in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 NSP-Minnesota maintains a nuclear decommissioning fund, as required by the NRC. The nuclear decommissioning fund is subject to interest rate and equity price risk. The fund is invested in a diversified portfolio of cash equivalents, debt securities, equity securities and other investments. These investments may be used only for the purpose of decommissioning NSP-Minnesota s nuclear generating plants. 
 Fluctuations in equity prices or interest rates affecting the nuclear decommissioning fund do not have a direct impact on earnings due to the application of regulatory accounting. Realized and unrealized gains on the decommissioning fund investments are deferred as an offset of NSP-Minnesota s regulatory asset for nuclear decommissioning costs. 
 The value of pension and postretirement plan assets and benefit costs are impacted by changes in discount rates and expected return on plan assets. NSP-Minnesota s ongoing pension and postretirement investment strategy is based on plan-specific investment recommendations that seek to optimize potential investment risk and minimize interest rate risk associated with changes in the obligations as a plan s funded status increases over time. The impacts of fluctuations in interest rates on pension and postretirement costs are mitigated by pension cost calculation methodologies and regulatory mechanisms that minimize the earnings impacts of such changes. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Risk NSP-Minnesota is also exposed to credit risk. Credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from counterparties nonperformance on their contractual obligations. NSP-Minnesota maintains credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk and actively monitors these policies to reflect changes and scope of operations. 
 At Dec. 31, 2022, a 10 increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of 30 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 would have resulted in a decrease in credit exposure of 29 million. At Dec. 31, 2021, a 10 increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of 28 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 would have resulted in an decrease in credit exposure of 18 million. 
 NSP-Minnesota conducts credit reviews for all wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity counterparties and employs credit risk controls, such as letters of credit, parental guarantees, master netting agreements and termination provisions. Credit exposure is monitored and, when necessary, the activity with a specific counterparty is limited until credit enhancement is provided. Distress in the financial markets could increase NSP-Minnesota s credit risk. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Derivative contracts, with the exception of those designated as normal purchases and normal sales, are reported at fair value. NSP-Minnesota s investments held in the nuclear decommissioning fund, rabbi trusts, pension and other postretirement funds are also subject to fair value accounting. See Notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 See Item 15-1 for an index of financial statements included herein. 
 See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of NSP-Minnesota is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. NSP-Minnesota s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to Xcel Energy Inc. s and NSP-Minnesota s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 NSP-Minnesota management assessed the effectiveness of NSP-Minnesota s internal control over financial reporting as of Dec. 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of Dec. 31, 2022, NSP-Minnesota s internal control over financial reporting is effective at the reasonable assurance level based on those criteria. 
 /s/ ROBERT C. FRENZEL /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Robert C. Frenzel Brian J. Van Abel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director Feb. 23, 2023 Feb. 23, 2023 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholder and the Board of Directors of Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, common stockholder's equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities - Impact of Rate Regulation on the Financial Statements Refer to Notes 4 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements . 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company is subject to rate regulation by state utility regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric distribution companies in Minnesota, North Dakota and South Dakota, and natural gas distribution companies in Minnesota and North Dakota. The Company is also subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for its wholesale electric operations, hydroelectric generation licensing, accounting practices, wholesale sales for resale, transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with North American Electric Reliability Corporation standards, asset transactions and mergers and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce, (collectively with state utility regulatory agencies, the Commissions ). Management has determined it meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to prepare its financial statements applying the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. Accounting for the economics of rate regulation affects multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, including property, plant and equipment, regulatory assets and liabilities, operating revenues and expenses, and income taxes. 
 The Company is subject to regulatory rate setting processes. Rates are determined and approved in regulatory proceedings based on an analysis of the Company s costs to provide utility service and a return on, and recovery of, the Company s investment in assets required to deliver services to customers. Accounting for the Company s regulated operations provides that rate-regulated entities report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates, if it is probable that such rates will be charged and collected. The Commissions regulation of rates is premised on the full recovery of incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. Decisions by the Commissions in the future will impact the accounting for regulated operations, including decisions about the amount of allowable costs and return on invested capital included in rates and any refunds that may be required. In the rate setting process, the Company s rates result in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities based on the probability of future cash flows. Regulatory assets generally represent incurred or accrued costs that have been deferred because future recovery from customers is probable. Regulatory liabilities generally represent amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers in future rates or amounts collected in current rates for future costs. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about impacted account balances and disclosures and the high degree of subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of future regulatory orders on the financial statements. Management judgments include assessing the likelihood of (1) recovery in future rates of incurred costs, (2) a disallowance of part of the cost of recently completed plant, and 3) a refund due to customers. Given that management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the Commissions, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by the Commissions included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs deferred as regulatory assets, and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. We also tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the recognition of regulatory assets or liabilities and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates. 
 We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. 
 We read relevant regulatory orders issued by the Commissions for the Company, regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural schedules and memorandums, filings made by intervenors, experts testimony and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the Commissions treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We also evaluated regulatory filings for any evidence that intervenors are challenging full recovery of the cost of any capital projects. If the full recovery of project costs is being challenged by intervenors, we evaluated management s assessment of the probability of a disallowance. We evaluated the external information and compared to the Company s recorded regulatory assets and liabilities for completeness. 
 We obtained management s analysis and correspondence from counsel, as appropriate, regarding regulatory assets or liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order to assess management s assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates. 
 /s/ 
 February 23, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 NSP-MINNESOTA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (amounts in millions) 
 
 Year Ended Dec. 31 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenues Electric, non-affiliates Electric, affiliates Natural gas Other Total operating revenues Operating expenses Electric fuel and purchased power Cost of natural gas sold and transported Cost of sales other Operating and maintenance expenses Conservation program expenses Depreciation and amortization Taxes (other than income taxes) Total operating expenses Operating income Other (expense) income, net ) Allowance for funds used during construction equity Interest charges and financing costs Interest charges includes other financing costs of , and , respectively 
 Allowance for funds used during construction debt ) ) ) Total interest charges and financing costs Income before income taxes Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net income See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 NSP-MINNESOTA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (amounts in millions) 

Year Ended Dec. 31 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income Pension and retiree medical benefits: Net pension and retiree medical gain arising during the period, net of tax of Derivative instruments: Reclassification of losses to net income, net of tax of 
 Total other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

28 

Table of Contents 

 NSP-MINNESOTA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (amounts in millions) 
 
 Year Ended Dec. 31 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Nuclear fuel amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction ) ) ) Provision for bad debts Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Accrued unbilled revenues ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Net regulatory assets and liabilities ) ) Other current liabilities ) ) Pension and other employee benefit obligations ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Capital/construction expenditures ) ) ) Purchase of investment securities ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of investment securities Investments in utility money pool arrangement ) ) ) Repayments from utility money pool arrangement Other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from (repayments of) short-term borrowings, net ) Borrowings under utility money pool arrangement Repayments under utility money pool arrangement ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Capital contributions from parent Dividends paid to parent ) ) ) Other, net Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest (net of amounts capitalized) ) ) ) Cash (paid) received for income taxes, net ) ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing transactions: Accrued property, plant and equipment additions Inventory transfers to property, plant and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Allowance for equity funds used during construction See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 NSP-MINNESOTA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (amounts in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Dec. 31 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable from affiliates Investments in money pool arrangements Accrued unbilled revenues Inventories Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Prepayments and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Nuclear decommissioning fund and other investments Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Short-term debt Accounts payable Accounts payable to affiliates Regulatory liabilities Taxes accrued Accrued interest Dividends payable to parent Derivative instruments Operating lease liabilities Other Total current liabilities Deferred credits and other liabilities Deferred income taxes Deferred investment tax credits Regulatory liabilities Asset retirement obligations Derivative instruments Pension and employee benefit obligations Operating lease liabilities Other Total deferred credits and other liabilities Commitments and contingencies Capitalization Long-term debt Common stock shares authorized of par value; shares 
 outstanding at Dec. 31, 2022 and Dec. 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total common stockholder's equity Total liabilities and equity See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 NSP-MINNESOTA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 
 (amounts in millions, except share data) 
 Common Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Common Stockholder s Equity Shares Par 
 Value 
 Additional 
 Paid In 
 Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Balance at Dec. 31, 2019 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Adoption of ASC Topic 326 ) ) Balance at Dec. 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Dec. 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Dec. 31, 2022 ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

31 

Table of Contents 

 NORTHERN STATES POWER COMPANY - MINNESOTA 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

32 

Table of Contents 

 for 2022, for 2021 and for 2020. 
 See Note 3 for further information. 
 years and submitted to the state commissions for approval. Due to other regulatory activity, the next decommissioning study has been deferred one year until 2024. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. 
 
 million million, respectively. 
 Fuel Natural gas Total inventories 

Other Utility Items 
 
 months, revenue is recognized, which may include incentives and return on rate base items. 
 Billing amounts are revised periodically for differences between total amount collected and revenue earned, which may increase or decrease the level of revenue collected from customers. Alternative revenues arising from these programs are presented on a gross basis and disclosed separately from revenue from contracts with customers. 
 See Note 6 for further information. 

34 

Table of Contents 

2. Accounting Pronouncements 

3. Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 Natural gas plant Common and other property Plant to be retired (a) 
 CWIP Total property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Nuclear fuel Less accumulated amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Sherco common facilities Sherco substation Electric transmission: Grand Meadow Huntley Wilmarth CapX2020 Total (a) 
 
 (a) million in CWIP. 
 NSP-Minnesota s share of operating expenses and construction expenditures is included in the applicable utility accounts. Respective owners are responsible for providing their own financing. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 4. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Recoverable deferred taxes on AFUDC Plant lives Excess deferred taxes TCJA 
 7 Various Deferred natural gas and electric energy/fuel costs One to five years 
 Net AROs (b) 
 1, 10 Various ) Benson biomass PPA termination and asset purchase Six years 
 PI extended power uprate years 
 Contract valuation adjustments (c) 
 1, 8 Term of related contract Purchased power contracts costs Term of related contract Conservation programs (d) 
 1 One to two years 
 Nuclear refueling outage costs 1 One to two years 
 Losses on reacquired debt Term of related debt Sales true-up and revenue decoupling One year 
 Laurentian biomass PPA termination Less than one year 
 Renewable resources and environmental initiatives One year 
 Gas pipeline inspection and remediation costs One year 
 Other Various Total regulatory assets 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) . 
 Plant removal costs 1, 10 Various Revenue decoupling Two years Renewable resources and environmental initiatives Various ITC deferrals 1 Various Formula rates One to two years 
 Contract valuation adjustments (c) 
 1, 8 Less than one year 
 Conservation programs Less than one year 
 DOE Settlement 
 N/A Deferred natural gas and electric energy/fuel costs Less than one year 
 Other Various Total regulatory liabilities (d) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) . 
 (d) million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in other current liabilities. 
 million and million, respectively, of past expenditures not earning a return. Amounts are predominately related to purchased natural gas and electric energy costs (including certain costs related to Winter Storm Uri), sales true-up and revenue decoupling, various renewable resources/environmental initiatives and certain prepaid pension amounts. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 5. Borrowings and Other Financing Instruments 
 
 Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis Weighted average interest rate at period end N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 Commercial Paper 
 Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis Weighted average interest rate at end of period 4.64 4.64 N/A 
 Letters of Credit NSP-Minnesota uses letters of credit, typically with terms of , to provide financial guarantees for certain operating obligations. At Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility, respectively. The contract amounts of these letters of credit approximate their fair value and are subject to fees. 
 Credit Facility In order to use commercial paper programs to fulfill short-term funding needs, NSP-Minnesota must have revolving credit facilities in place at least equal to the amount of their respective commercial paper borrowing limits and cannot issue commercial paper exceeding available capacity under these credit facilities. 
 The lines of credit provide short-term financing in the form of notes payable to banks, letters of credit and back-up support for commercial paper borrowings. 

(a) . 
 . 
 The credit facility has a cross-default provision that NSP-Minnesota would be in default on its borrowings under the facility if it or any of its subsidiaries whose total assets exceed of NSP-Minnesota s consolidated total assets, default on indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount exceeding million . 
 If NSP-Minnesota does not comply with the covenant, an event of default may be declared, and if not remedied, any outstanding amounts due under the facility can be declared due by the lender. As of Dec. 31, 2022, NSP-Minnesota was in compliance with all financial covenants on its debt agreements. 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 All credit facility bank borrowings, outstanding letters of credit and outstanding commercial paper reduce the available capacity under the credit facility. NSP-Minnesota had direct advances on the facility outstanding at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Bilateral Credit Agreement In April 2022, NSP-Minnesota s uncommitted bilateral credit agreement was renewed for an additional one-year term. The credit agreement is limited in use to support letters of credit. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, NSP-Minnesota had million outstanding letters of credit under the million Bilateral Credit Agreement. 
 Long-Term Borrowings and Other Financing Instruments 
 Generally, the property of NSP-Minnesota is subject to the lien of its first mortgage indenture for the benefit of bondholders. Debt premiums, discounts and expenses are amortized over the life of the related debt. The premiums, discounts and expenses for refinanced debt are deferred and amortized over the life of the new issuance. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Aug. 15, 2022 First mortgage bonds May 15, 2023 First mortgage bonds July 1, 2025 First mortgage bonds March 1, 2028 First mortgage bonds (a) 
 April 1, 2031 First mortgage bonds July 15, 2035 First mortgage bonds June 1, 2036 First mortgage bonds July 1, 2037 First mortgage bonds Nov. 1, 2039 First mortgage bonds Aug. 15, 2040 First mortgage bonds Aug. 15, 2042 First mortgage bonds May 15, 2044 First mortgage bonds Aug. 15, 2045 First mortgage bonds May 15, 2046 First mortgage bonds Sept. 15, 2047 First mortgage bonds March 1, 2050 First mortgage bonds June 1, 2051 First mortgage bonds (a) 
 April 1, 2052 First mortgage bonds (b) 
 June 1,2052 Other long-term debt Unamortized discount ) ) Unamortized debt issuance cost ) ) Current maturities ) ) Total long-term debt 
 (a) 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 Deferred Financing Costs Deferred financing costs of approximately million and million, net of amortization, are presented as a deduction from the carrying amount of long-term debt at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Dividend Restrictions NSP-Minnesota s dividends are subject to the FERC s jurisdiction, which prohibits the payment of dividends out of capital accounts. Dividend payments are solely to be paid from retained earnings. 
 NSP-Minnesota s state regulatory commissions additionally impose dividend limitations, which are more restrictive than those imposed by the FERC. 

Unrestricted Retained Earnings Total Capitalization Limit on Total Capitalization million million million 
 
 6. Revenues 

C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Interchange Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 
 Year Ended Dec. 31, 2021 (Millions of Dollars) Electric Natural Gas All Other Total Major revenue types Revenue from contracts with customers: Residential C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Interchange Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 

38 

Table of Contents 

 C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Interchange Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 
 
 7. Income Taxes 
 
 State income tax on pretax income, net of federal tax effect Increases (decreases) in tax from: Wind PTCs (a) 
 ) ) ) Plant regulatory differences (b) 
 ) ) ) Other tax credits, net NOL tax credit allowances ) ) ) NOL Carryback ) Other, net ) Effective income tax rate ) ) ) 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 . 
 ) Current state tax expense (benefit) ) Current change in unrecognized tax expense Deferred federal tax benefit ) ) ) Deferred state tax expense Deferred change in unrecognized tax expense (benefit) ) Deferred ITCs ) ) ) Total income tax benefit ) ) ) 
 Amortization and adjustments to deferred income taxes on income tax regulatory assets and liabilities ) ) Tax expense allocated to other comprehensive income, and other ) ) Deferred tax benefit ) ) ) 
 Regulatory assets Operating lease assets Deferred fuel costs Pension expense Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets: Tax credit carryforward Regulatory Liabilities Operating lease liabilities NOL and tax credit valuation allowances ) ) Other employee benefits NOL carryforward Deferred ITCs Rate refund Other Total deferred tax assets Net deferred tax liability 
 (a) . 
 Other Income Tax Matters 
 Federal tax credit carryforwards State NOL carryforwards Valuation allowances for state NOL carryforwards ) ) State tax credit carryforwards, net of federal detriment (a) 
 Valuation allowances for state credit carryforwards, net of federal benefit (b) 
 ) ) 
 (a) million and million as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) million and million as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Federal carryforward periods expire starting 2032 and state carryforward periods expire starting 2022. 
 Federal Tax Loss Carryback Claims In 2020, Xcel Energy identified certain expenses related to tax years 2009 - 2011 that qualify for an extended carryback claim. As a result, a tax benefit of approximately million was recognized in 2020. 

39 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, the statute of limitations related to the federal tax credit carryforwards will remain open until those credits are utilized in subsequent returns. Further, the statute of limitations related to the additional federal tax loss carryback claim filed in 2020 has been extended. Xcel Energy has recognized its best estimate of income tax expense that will result from a final resolution of this issue; however, the outcome and timing of a resolution is unknown. 
 State Audits NSP-Minnesota is a member of the Xcel Energy affiliated group that files consolidated state income tax returns. As of Dec. 31, 2022, NSP-Minnesota s earliest open tax years subject to examination by state taxing authorities under applicable statutes of limitations are as follows: 
 State Tax Year(s) Expiration Minnesota 2014-2016 September 2024 Minnesota 2018 June 2023 
 In 2020, Minnesota began an audit of tax years 2015-2018. In 2022, the state of Minnesota issued its audit report without any material adjustments. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits Unrecognized tax benefit balance includes permanent tax positions, which if recognized would affect the ETR. In addition, the unrecognized tax benefit balance includes temporary tax positions for which deductibility is highly certain, but for which there is uncertainty about the timing. A change in the timing of deductibility would not affect the ETR but would accelerate the payment to the taxing authority. 
 Unrecognized tax benefit Temporary tax positions Total unrecognized tax benefit 
 Changes in unrecognized tax benefits: 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at Jan. 1 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Reductions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Balance at Dec. 31 ) 
 As the IRS progresses its review of the tax loss carryback claims and as state audits progress, it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefit could decrease up to approximately million in the next 12 months. 
 ) ) Interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits ) Payable for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits at Dec. 31 ) ) ) 
 amounts were accrued for penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 8. Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities 

40 

Table of Contents 

billion and billion as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and unrealized losses were million and million as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Commingled funds Debt securities Equity securities Total 
 (a) million of rabbi trust assets and other miscellaneous investments. 

Commingled funds Debt securities Equity securities Total 
 (a) million of rabbi trust assets and other miscellaneous investments. 
 For the years ended Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, there were immaterial Level 3 nuclear decommissioning fund investments or transfer of amounts between levels. 
 
 Rabbi Trusts 
 NSP-Minnesota has established a rabbi trust to provide partial funding for future distributions of its deferred compensation plan. The fair value of assets held in the rabbi trusts were million and million at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, comprised of cash equivalents and mutual funds (level 1 valuation methods). Amounts are reported in nuclear decommissioning fund and other investments on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Derivative Activities and Fair Value Measurements 
 million of net losses expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months as the hedged transactions impact earnings. As of Dec. 31, 2022, NSP-Minnesota had unsettled interest rate derivatives. 
 For the financial impact of qualifying interest rate cash flow hedges on NSP-Minnesota s accumulated other comprehensive loss included in the consolidated statements of common stockholder s equity and in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, see Note 11. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 MMBtu of natural gas 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Consideration of Credit Risk and Concentrations NSP-Minnesota continuously monitors the creditworthiness of counterparties to its interest rate derivatives and commodity derivative contracts prior to settlement and assesses each counterparty s ability to perform on the transactions set forth in the contracts. Impact of credit risk was immaterial to the fair value of unsettled commodity derivatives presented on the consolidated balance sheets. NSP-Minnesota s most significant concentrations of credit risk with particular entities or industries are contracts with counterparties to its wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity activities. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, of NSP-Minnesota s most significant counterparties for these activities, comprising million or of this credit exposure, had investment grade credit ratings from S P Global Ratings, Moody s Investor Services or Fitch Ratings. 

of the most significant counterparties, comprising million or of this credit exposure, were not rated by these external ratings agencies, but based on NSP-Minnesota s internal analysis, had credit quality consistent with investment grade. of these significant counterparties, comprising million or of this credit exposure, had credit quality less than investment grade, based on internal analysis. of these significant counterparties are municipal or cooperative electric entities, RTOs or other utilities. 
 Credit Related Contingent Features Contract provisions for derivative instruments that the utility subsidiaries enter, including those accounted for as normal purchase and normal sale contracts and therefore not reflected on the consolidated balance sheets, may require the posting of collateral or settlement of the contracts for various reasons, including if the applicable utility subsidiary s credit ratings are downgraded below its investment grade credit rating by any of the major credit rating agencies. As of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million, respectively, of derivative liabilities with such underlying contract provisions, respectively. 
 Certain contracts also contain cross default provisions that may require the posting of collateral or settlement of the contracts if there was a failure under other financing arrangements related to payment terms or other covenants. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, there were approximately million and million of derivative liabilities with such underlying contract provisions, respectively. 
 Certain derivative instruments are also subject to contract provisions that contain adequate assurance clauses. These provisions allow counterparties to seek performance assurance, including cash collateral, in the event that a given utility subsidiary s ability to fulfill its contractual obligations is reasonably expected to be impaired. Xcel Energy had no collateral posted related to adequate assurance clauses in derivative contracts as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Recurring Derivative Fair Value Measurements 
 ) Natural gas commodity Total ) Year Ended Dec. 31, 2021 Other derivative instruments Electric commodity Natural gas commodity ) Total Year Ended Dec. 31, 2020 Other derivative instruments Electric commodity Natural gas commodity ) Total 

42 

Table of Contents 

 (a) 
 Total Other derivative instruments Commodity trading (b) 
 Electric commodity (c) 
 Natural gas commodity (d) 
 ) (d)(e) 
 Total Year Ended Dec. 31, 2021 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Interest rate (a) 
 Total Other derivative instruments Commodity trading (b) 
 Electric commodity ) (c) 
 Natural gas commodity (d) 
 ) (d)(e) 
 Total ) Year Ended Dec. 31, 2020 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Interest rate (a) 
 Total Other derivative instruments Commodity trading ) (b) 
 Electric commodity ) (c) 
 Natural gas commodity (d) 
 ) (d)(e) 
 Total ) ) 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges during the years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Electric commodity ) ) Natural gas commodity Total current derivative assets ) ) Noncurrent derivative assets Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) ) Total noncurrent derivative assets ) ) Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Fair Value Fair Value Total Netting (a) 
 Total Fair Value Fair Value Total Netting (a) 
 Total (Millions of Dollars) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Current derivative liabilities Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) ) Electric commodity ) ) Natural gas commodity Total current derivative liabilities ) ) PPAs (b) 
 Current derivative instruments Noncurrent derivative liabilities Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) ) Total noncurrent derivative liabilities ) ) PPAs (b) 
 Noncurrent derivative instruments 
 (a) obligations to return cash collateral. At Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, derivative assets and liabilities include rights to reclaim cash collateral of million and million, respectively. Counterparty netting amounts presented exclude settlement receivables and payables and non-derivative amounts that may be subject to the same master netting agreements. 
 
 ) Purchases (a) 
 Settlements (a) 
 ) ) ) Net transactions recorded during the period: Gains (losses) recognized in earnings (b) 
 ) Net gains (losses) recognized as regulatory assets and liabilities (a) 
 ) Balance at Dec. 31 ) 
 (a) 
 (b) 

Fair value of NSP-Minnesota s long-term debt is estimated based on recent trades and observable spreads from benchmark interest rates for similar securities. Fair value estimates are based on information available to management as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, and given the observability of the inputs, fair values presented for long-term debt were assigned as Level 2. 

44 

Table of Contents 

 9. Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 
 Pension and Postretirement Health Care Benefits 
 , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Some employees may participate under legacy formulas such as the traditional final average pay or pension equity. Xcel Energy s and NSP-Minnesota s policy is to fully fund into an external trust the actuarially determined pension costs subject to the limitations of applicable employee benefit and tax laws. 
 In addition to the qualified pension plans, Xcel Energy maintains a SERP and a nonqualified pension plan. The SERP is maintained for certain executives who participated in the plan in 2008, when the SERP was closed to new participants. The nonqualified pension plan provides benefits for compensation that is in excess of the limits applicable to the qualified pension plans, with distributions funded by Xcel Energy s consolidated operating cash flows. Obligations of the SERP and nonqualified plan as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, of which million and million was attributable to NSP-Minnesota in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Xcel Energy recognized net benefit cost for the SERP and nonqualified plans of million in 2022 and million in 2021, respectively, of which immaterial amounts were attributable to NSPM. 
 Investment-return assumption considers the expected long-term performance for each of the asset classes in its pension and postretirement health care portfolio. Xcel Energy considers the historical returns achieved by its asset portfolios over long time periods, as well as the long-term projected return levels from investment experts. Xcel Energy and NSP-Minnesota continually review their pension assumptions. 

. 
 Investment returns in 2021 were above the assumed level of . 
 Investment returns in 2020 were above the assumed level of . 
 In 2023, NSP-Minnesota s expected investment-return assumption is . 
 Pension plan and postretirement benefit assets are invested in a portfolio according to Xcel Energy s return, liquidity and diversification objectives to provide a source of funding for plan obligations and minimize contributions to the plan, within appropriate levels of risk. The principal mechanism for achieving these objectives is the asset allocation given the long-term risk, return, correlation and liquidity characteristics of each particular asset class. There were no significant concentrations of risk in any industry, index, or entity. Market volatility can impact even well-diversified portfolios and significantly affect the return levels achieved by the assets in any year. 
 Xcel Energy s ongoing investment strategy is based on plan-specific investment recommendations that seek to minimize potential investment and interest rate risk as a plan s funded status increases over time. The investment recommendations consider many factors and generally result in a greater percentage of long-duration fixed income securities being allocated to specific plans having relatively higher funded status ratios and a greater percentage of growth assets being allocated to plans having relatively lower funded status ratios. 

Commingled funds Debt securities Equity securities Other Total 
 (a) 
 For each of the fair value hierarchy levels, NSP-Minnesota s postretirement benefit plan assets that were measured at fair value: 
 Dec. 31, 2022 (a) 
 Dec. 31, 2021 (a) 
 (Millions of Dollars) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Measured at NAV Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Measured at NAV Total Insurance contracts Commingled funds Debt securities Total 
 (a) 
 assets were transferred in or out of Level 3 for 2022 or 2021. 

45 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Obligation at Dec. 31 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets: Fair value of plan assets at Jan. 1 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at Dec. 31 Funded status of plans at Dec. 31 ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at Dec. 31: Current liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Net amounts recognized ) ) ) ) 
 Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits Significant Assumptions Used to Measure Benefit Obligations: 2022 2021 2022 2021 Discount rate for year-end valuation Expected average long-term increase in compensation level N/A N/A Mortality table PRI-2012 PRI-2012 PRI-2012 PRI-2012 Health care costs trend rate initial: Pre-65 N/A N/A Health care costs trend rate initial: Post-65 N/A N/A Ultimate trend assumption initial: Pre-65 N/A N/A Ultimate trend assumption initial: Post-65 N/A N/A Years until ultimate trend is reached N/A N/A 
 Accumulated benefit obligation for the pension plan was million and million as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Settlement charge (a) 
 Net periodic pension cost Effects of regulation ) ) ) Net benefit cost recognized for financial reporting Significant Assumptions Used to Measure Costs: Discount rate Expected average long-term increase in compensation level Expected average long-term rate of return on assets 
 (a) million and million, respectively, which was not recognized in earnings due to the effects of regulation. There were settlement charges recorded for the qualified pension plans in 2020. 
 Prior service credit ) ) Total Amounts Not Yet Recognized as Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost Have Been Recorded as Follows Based Upon Expected Recovery in Rates: Current regulatory assets Noncurrent regulatory assets Deferred income taxes Net-of-tax accumulated other comprehensive income Total Measurement date Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 
 Cash Flows Funding requirements can be impacted by changes to actuarial assumptions, actual asset levels and other calculations prescribed by the requirements of income tax and other pension-related regulations. Required contributions were made in 2020 - 2023 to meet minimum funding requirements. 
 Total voluntary and required pension funding contributions across all of Xcel Energy s pension plans were as follows: 
 million in January 2023, of which million is attributable to NSP-Minnesota. 
 million in 2022, of which million was attributable to NSP-Minnesota. 
 million in 2021, of which million was attributable to NSP-Minnesota. 
 million in 2020, of which million was attributable to NSP-Minnesota. 

The postretirement health care plans have no funding requirements other than fulfilling benefit payment obligations when claims are presented and approved. Additional cash funding requirements are prescribed by certain state and federal rate regulatory authorities. Xcel Energy s voluntary postretirement funding contributions were as follows: 
 million expected in 2023, of which million is attributable to NSP-Minnesota. 
 million during 2022, of which million, was attributable to NSP-Minnesota. 
 million during 2021, of which million was attributable to NSP-Minnesota. 
 million during 2020, of which million was attributable to NSP-Minnesota. 

47 

Table of Contents 

 Long-duration fixed income and interest rate swap securities Short-to-intermediate fixed income securities Alternative investments Cash Total 
 The asset allocations above reflect target allocations approved in the calendar year to take effect in the subsequent year 
 Plan Amendments In 2022 and 2020, there were significant plan amendments made which affected the postretirement benefit obligation. 
 In 2021, Xcel Energy amended the Xcel Energy Pension Plan and Xcel Energy Inc. Nonbargaining Pension Plan (South) to reduce supplemental benefits for non-bargaining participants as well as to allow the transfer of a portion of non-qualified pension obligations into the qualified plans. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 (a) Amount is reported net of expected Medicare Part D subsidies, which are immaterial. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 Xcel Energy, which includes NSP-Minnesota, maintains 401(k) and other defined contribution plans that cover most employees. The expense to these plans for NSP-Minnesota was approximately million in 2022 and 12 million in 2021 and 2020. 
 Multiemployer Plans 
 NSP-Minnesota contributes to several union multiemployer pension and other postretirement benefit plans, none of which are individually significant. These plans provide pension and postretirement health care benefits to certain union employees who may perform services for multiple employers and do not participate in the NSP-Minnesota sponsored pension and postretirement health care plans. Contributing to these types of plans creates risk that differs from providing benefits under NSP-Minnesota sponsored plans, in that if another participating employer ceases to contribute to a multiemployer plan, additional unfunded obligations may need to be funded over time by remaining participating employers. 

10. Commitments and Contingencies 

million of replacement power costs previously recovered through the fuel clause adjustment. NSP-Minnesota subsequently filed its response, asserting that it acted prudently in connection with the Sherco Unit 3 outage, the MPUC has previously disallowed million of related costs and no additional refund or disallowance is appropriate. 
 A final decision by the MPUC is expected in mid-2024. A loss related to this matter is deemed remote. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 to for the time period of Nov. 12, 2013 to Feb. 11, 2015, and removal of ROE adders (including those for RTO membership). The second complaint requested, for a subsequent time period, a base ROE reduction from to . 
 The FERC subsequently issued various related orders (including Opinion Nos. 569, 569A and 569B) related to ROE methodology/calculations and timing. NSP-Minnesota has processed refunds to customers for applicable complaint periods based on the ROE in the most recent applicable opinions. 
 The MISO TOs and various other parties have filed petitions for review of the FERC s most recent applicable opinions at the D.C. Circuit. In August 2022, the D.C. Circuit ruled that FERC had not adequately supported its conclusions, vacated FERC s related orders and remanded the issue back to FERC for further proceedings, which remain pending. Additional exposure, if any related to this matter is expected to be immaterial. 
 
 MGP, landfill or other disposal sites across its service territories. 
 NSP-Minnesota has recognized its best estimate of costs/liabilities from final resolution of these issues, however, the outcome and timing are unknown. In addition, there may be insurance recovery and/or recovery from other potentially responsible parties, offsetting a portion of costs incurred. 

million may be required for NSP-Minnesota to comply with the requirements pending approval of mitigation plans from the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency. NSP-Minnesota anticipates these costs will be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms. 
 
 billion and billion at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Wind ) Steam and other production Distribution Natural gas Transmission and distribution Common Miscellaneous Total liability ) 
 (a) 
 (b) 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Wind Steam and other production ) Distribution Miscellaneous Natural gas Transmission and distribution Common Miscellaneous Total liability 
 (a) Amounts incurred 
 (b) 
 Indeterminate AROs Outside of the recorded asbestos AROs, other plants or buildings may contain asbestos due to the age of many of NSP-Minnesota s facilities, but confirmation or measurement of the cost of removal could be determined as of Dec. 31, 2022. Therefore, an ARO has not been recorded for these facilities. 
 
 billion under the Price-Anderson amendment to the Atomic Energy Act. NSP-Minnesota has million of coverage for its public liability exposure with a pool of insurance companies. The remaining billion of exposure is funded by the Secondary Financial Protection Program available from assessments by the federal government. 
 NSP-Minnesota is subject to assessments of up to million per reactor-incident for each of its reactors, for public liability arising from a nuclear incident at any licensed nuclear facility in the United States. The maximum funding requirement is million per reactor-incident during any one year. Maximum assessments are subject to inflation adjustments. 
 NSP-Minnesota purchases insurance for property damage and site decontamination cleanup costs from NEIL and EMANI. The coverage limits are billion for each of NSP-Minnesota s nuclear plant sites. NEIL also provides business interruption insurance coverage up to million, including the cost of replacement power during prolonged accidental outages of nuclear generating units. Premiums are expensed over the policy term. 
 All companies insured with NEIL are subject to retroactive premium adjustments if losses exceed accumulated reserve funds. Capital has been accumulated in the reserve funds of NEIL and EMANI to the extent that NSP-Minnesota would have no exposure for retroactive premium assessments in case of a single incident under the business interruption and the property damage insurance coverage. NSP-Minnesota could be subject to annual maximum assessments of million for business interruption insurance and million for property damage insurance if losses exceed accumulated reserve funds. 

of the authorized canisters. The PI dry-cask storage facility currently stores of the authorized casks. Monticello s future spent fuel will continue to be placed in its spent fuel pool. The decommissioning plan addresses the disposition of spent fuel at the end of the licensed life. A CON for additional storage at the Monticello site has been filed with the MPUC, to support possible life extension to 2040. NSP-Minnesota expects a decision by year-end 2023. 
 Regulatory Plant Decommissioning Recovery Decommissioning activities for NSP-Minnesota s nuclear facilities are planned to begin at the end of each unit s authorized retirement dates, which can be different than the currently approved NRC operating licenses. These decommissioning activities are planned to be completed at both facilities by 2101. 
 NSP-Minnesota s current operating licenses allow continued use of its Monticello nuclear plant until 2030 and its PI nuclear plant until 2033 for Unit 1 and 2034 for Unit 2. The MPUC reaffirmed a 60-year DECON scenario, where Monticello continues operations under a 10-year license extension (approved in April 2022). NRC approval of the extension is pending. 
 Future decommissioning costs of nuclear facilities are estimated through triennial periodic studies that assess the costs and timing of planned nuclear decommissioning activities for each unit. The 2020 nuclear decommissioning filing was approved by the MPUC and became effective in 2022. 
 Obligations for decommissioning are expected to be funded by the external decommissioning trust fund. NSP-Minnesota had billion and billion of assets held in external decommissioning trusts at Dec. 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion. 
). 
 NSP-Minnesota has elected to utilize the practical expedient under which non-lease components, such as asset maintenance costs included in payments, are not deducted from minimum lease payments for the purposes of lease accounting and disclosure. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 months or less are classified as short-term leases and are not recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Other Gross operating lease ROU assets Accumulated amortization ) ) Net operating lease ROU assets 
 Other operating leases (a) 
 Total operating lease expense (b) 
 
 (a) million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum obligation Interest component of obligation ) ) ) Present value of minimum obligation Less current portion ) Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term in years 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Included in electric fuel and purchased power expenses for PPAs accounted for as executory contracts were payments for capacity of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (b) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Fuel Contracts NSP-Minnesota has entered into various long-term commitments for the purchase and delivery of a significant portion of its coal, nuclear fuel and natural gas requirements. These contracts expire in various years between 2023 and 2037. NSP-Minnesota is required to pay additional amounts depending on actual quantities shipped under these agreements. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (a) 
 
 (a) 
 
 MW of capacity under long-term PPAs at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with entities that have been determined to be VIEs. These agreements have expiration dates through 2039. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 11. Other Comprehensive Income ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications, net of taxes of Losses reclassified from net accumulated other comprehensive loss: Amortization of interest rate hedges 
 (a) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Dec. 31 ) ) ) 
 2021 (Millions of Dollars) Gains and Losses on Interest Rate Cash Flow Hedges Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Items Total Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Jan. 1 ) ) ) Losses reclassified from net accumulated other comprehensive loss: Amortization of interest rate hedges 
 (a) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Dec. 31 ) ) ) 
 (a) 
 
 12. Segment Information 

Intersegment revenue Total revenues Depreciation and amortization Interest charges and financing costs Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) Net income Regulated Natural Gas Operating revenues external (b) 
 Intersegment revenue Total revenues Depreciation and amortization Interest charges and financing costs Income tax expense Net income All Other Total revenues Depreciation and amortization Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net income Consolidated Total Total revenues (a)(b) 
 Reconciling eliminations ) ) ) Total operating revenues Depreciation and amortization Interest charges and financing costs Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) Net income 
 (a) million, million and million of affiliate electric revenue for the years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 13 for further information. 
 , million and million of affiliate gas revenue for the years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 13 for further information. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 13. Related Party Transactions 
 
 Gas Operating expenses: Purchased power Transmission expense Other operating expenses paid to Xcel Energy Services Inc. Interest income Interest expense 
 Accounts receivable and payable with affiliates at Dec. 31: 
 2022 2021 (Millions of Dollars) Accounts Receivable Accounts Payable Accounts Receivable Accounts Payable NSP-Wisconsin PSCo SPS Other subsidiaries of Xcel Energy Inc. 
 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 NSP-Minnesota maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, allowing timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of Dec. 31, 2022 , based on an evaluation carried out under the supervision and with the participation of NSP-Minnesota s management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, the CEO and CFO have concluded that NSP-Minnesota s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in NSP-Minnesota s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter ended Dec. 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, NSP-Minnesota s internal control over financial reporting. NSP-Minnesota maintains internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the financial reporting. NSP-Minnesota has evaluated and documented its controls in process activities, general computer activities, and on an entity-wide level. 
 During the year and in preparation for issuing its report for the year ended Dec. 31, 2022 on internal controls under section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, NSP-Minnesota conducted testing and monitoring of its internal control over financial reporting. Based on the control evaluation, testing and remediation performed, NSP-Minnesota did not identify any material control weaknesses, as defined under the standards and rules issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, as approved by the SEC and as indicated in NSP-Minnesota s Management Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting, which is contained in Item 8 herein. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of NSP-Minnesota s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by NSP-Minnesota s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit NSP-Minnesota to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 Items 10, 11 and 12 of Part III of Form 10-K have been omitted from this report for NSP-Minnesota in accordance with conditions set forth in General Instructions I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K for wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 
 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

53 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information required under this Item is contained in Xcel Energy Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information required under this Item (aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountant, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. )) is contained in Xcel Energy Inc. s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated by reference. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 1 Consolidated Financial Statements: Management Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting For the year ended Dec. 31, 2022. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements Consolidated Statements of Income For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets As of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Stockholder s Equity For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 2 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves for each of the years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 3 Exhibits 
 Indicates incorporation by reference 
 + 
 Executive Compensation Arrangements and Benefit Plans Covering Executive Officers and Directors 
 
 Exhibit Number Description Report or Registration Statement Exhibit Reference 3.01 
 Articles of Incorporation and Amendments of Northern Power Corp. (renamed Northern States Power Co. (a Minnesota corporation) on Aug. 21, 2000) 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 10-12G dated Oct. 5, 2000 3.01 3.02 
 By-Laws of NSP-Minnesota as Amended and Restated on Jan. 25, 2019 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 3.02 4.01 
 Supplemental and Restated Trust Indenture, dated May 1, 1988, from NSP-Minnesota to Harris Trust and Savings Bank, as Trustee, providing for the issuance of First Mortgage Bonds, Supplemental Indentures between NSP-Minnesota and said Trustee 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form S-3 dated April 18, 2018 4(b)(3) 4.02 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of June 1, 1995, from NSP-Minnesota to Harris Trust and Savings Bank, as Trustee, creating 250 million aggregate principal amount of 7.125 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due July 1, 2025 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2017 4.11 4.03 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of March 1, 1998, from NSP-Minnesota to Harris Trust and Savings Bank, as Trustee, creating 150 million aggregate principal amount of 6.5 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due March 1, 2028 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2017 4.12 4.04 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of Aug. 1, 2000 (Assignment and Assumption of Trust Indenture) 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 10-12G dated Oct. 5, 2000 4.51 4.05 
 Indenture, dated as of July 1, 1999, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, NA (as successor to Norwest Bank Minnesota, NA , as Trustee, providing for the issuance of Sr. Debt Securities 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form S-3 dated April 18, 2018 4(b)(7) 4.06 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated Aug. 18, 2000, supplemental to the Indenture, dated as of July 1, 1999, among Xcel Energy Inc., NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, NA (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, NA , as Trustee 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 10-12G dated Oct. 5, 2000 4.63 4.07 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2005, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, NA (as successor to BNY Midwest Trust Company , as Trustee, creating 250 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due July 15, 2035 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated July 14, 2005 4.01 4.08 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2006, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, NA (as successor to BNY Midwest Trust Company , as Trustee, creating 400 million aggregate principal amount of 6.25 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due June 1, 2036 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated May 18, 2006 4.01 4.09 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2007, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, NA (as successor to BNY Midwest Trust Company , as Trustee, creating 350 million aggregate principal amount of 6.20 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due July 1, 2037 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated June 19, 2007 4.01 4.10 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of Nov. 1, 2009, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Co mpany ., NA, as Trustee, creating 300 million aggregate principal amount of 5.35 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due Nov. 1, 2039 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated Nov. 16, 2009 4.01 4.11 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of Aug. 1, 2010, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, NA, as Trustee, creating 250 million aggregate principal amount of 4.85 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due Aug. 15, 2040 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated Aug. 4, 2010 4.01 4.12 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of Aug. 1, 2012, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, NA, as Trustee, creating 500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.40 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due Aug. 15, 2042 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated Aug. 13, 2012 4.01 4.13 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2013, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, creating 400 million aggregate principal amount of 2.60 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due May 15, 2023 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated May 20, 2013 4.01 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 4.14 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2014, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, creating 300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due May 15, 2044 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated May 13, 2014 4.01 4.15 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of Aug. 1, 2015, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Company, N.A., as Trustee, creating 300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.00 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due Aug. 15, 2045 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated Aug. 11, 2015 4.01 4.16 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2016, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of NY Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, creating 350 million aggregate principal amount of 3.60 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due May 15, 2046 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated May 31, 2016 4.01 4.17 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of Sept. 1, 2017, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, creating 600 million aggregate principal amount of 3.60 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due Sept. 15, 2047 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated Sept. 13, 2017 4.01 4.18 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture, dated as of Sept. 1, 2019, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, creating 600 million aggregate principal amount of 2.90 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due March 1, 2050 
 NSP-Minnesota Form 8-K dated Sept. 10, 2019 4.01 4.19 
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 8, 2020, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, creating 700 million aggregate principal amount of 2.60 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due June 1, 2051 
 NSP-Minnesota 8-K dated June 15, 2020 4.01 4.20 
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2021, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, creating 425 million principal amount of 2.25 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due April 1, 2031 and 425 million principal amount of 3.20 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due April 1, 2052 
 NSP-Minnesota 8-K dated March 30, 2021 
 4.01 4.21 
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2022, by and between NSP-Minnesota and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, creating 500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50 First Mortgage Bonds, Series due June 1, 2052 
 NSP-Minnesota 8-K dated May 9, 2022 4.01 10.01 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Nonqualified Pension Plan (2009 Restatement) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.02 10.02 + 
 Xcel Energy Senior Executive Severance and Change-in-Control Policy (2009 Amendment and Restatement) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.05 10.03 + 
 Second Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated Oct. 26, 2011 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2011 10.18 10.04 + 
 Fifth Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated May 3, 2016 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 10.01 10.05 + 
 Seventh Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated May 7, 2018 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 10.01 10.06 + 
 Eighth Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated March 31, 2020 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 10.02 10.07 + 
 Ninth Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated May 22, 2020 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 10.01 10.08 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as amended and restated Jan. 1, 2009 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.17 10.09 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Executive Annual Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective Feb. 17, 2010) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 6, 2010 Appendix A 10.10 + 
 First Amendment to Exhibit 10.09 dated Feb. 20, 2013 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 10.01 10.11 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Executive Annual Incentive Award Plan Form of Restricted Stock Agreement 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2009 10.08 10.12 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (2009 Restatement) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.07 10.13 + 
 First Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 effective Nov. 29, 2011 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2011 10.17 10.14 + 
 Second Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 dated May 21, 2013 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2013 10.22 10.15 + 
 Third Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 dated Sept. 30, 2016 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2016 10.01 10.16 + 
 Fourth Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 dated Oct. 23, 2017 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2017 10.1 10.17 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 10.34 10.18 + 
 Form of Terms and Conditions under the Xcel Energy Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan for Awards of Restricted Stock Units and/or Performance Share Units 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 10.35 10.19 + 
 Form of Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units and/or Performance Share Units under the Xcel Energy Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan for awards since 2020 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2019 10.33 10.20 + 
 Stock Equivalent Plan for Non-Employee Directors of Xcel Energy Inc. as amended and restated effective Feb. 23, 2011 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 5, 2011 Schedule 14A 10.21 + 
 Stock Equivalent Program for Non-Employee Directors of Xcel Energy Inc. under the Xcel Energy Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 8-K dated May 26, 2015 10.02 10.22 + 
 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation, effective as of Oct. 1, 2021 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 
 10.01 10.23 + 
 Stock Program for Non-Employee Directors of Xcel Energy Inc. as Amended and Restated on Dec. 12, 2017 under the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 10.36 10.24 + 
 Form of Services Agreement between Xcel Energy Services Inc. and utility companies 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form U5B dated Nov. 16, 2000 H-1 10.25 
 Restated Interchange Agreement dated Jan. 16, 2001 between NSP-Wisconsin and NSP-Minnesota 
 NSP-Wisconsin Form S-4 dated Jan. 21, 2004 10.01 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 10.26 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2022, among NSP-Minnesota, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC, as Syndication Agents, and Citibank, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agents 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 8-K dated Sept. 19, 2022 99.02 23.01 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.01 
 Principal Executive Officer s certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.02 
 Principal Financial Officer s certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.01 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Additions charged to costs and expenses Additions charged to other accounts (a) 
 Deductions from reserves (b) 
 ) ) ) Balance at Dec. 31 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 
 ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 NORTHERN STATES POWER COMPANY 
 (A MINNESOTA CORPORATION) 
 Feb. 23, 2023 /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on the date indicated above. 
 
 /s/ ROBERT C. FRENZEL /s/ CHRISTOPHER B. CLARK Robert C. Frenzel Christopher B. Clark Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH REPORTS FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(D) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT 
 NSP-Minnesota has not sent, and does not expect to send, an annual report or proxy statement to its security holder. 
 57 

<EX-23.01>
 2
 nspmex2301q42022.htm
 EX-23.01

Document 

Exhibit 23.01 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-255446-04 on Form S-3 of our report dated February 23, 2023, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation, and subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP Minneapolis, Minnesota February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 3
 nspmex3101q42022.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Robert C. Frenzel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Northern States Power Company (a Minnesota corporation) 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date Feb. 23, 2023 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 1 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 4
 nspmex3102q42022.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Brian J. Van Abel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Northern States Power Company (a Minnesota corporation) 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date Feb. 23, 2023 
 s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 2 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 5
 nspmex3201q42022.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

Exhibit 32.01 
 
 OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation (NSP-Minnesota), on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2022, as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (Form 10-K), each of the undersigned officers of NSP-Minnesota certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 
 (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of NSP-Minnesota as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Form 10-K. 
 
 Date Feb. 23, 2023 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to NSP-Minnesota and will be retained by NSP-Minnesota and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 
 1 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nspm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nspm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nspm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nspm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nspm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

