<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1363829_0001363829-23-000020.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>77520529</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>655626</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>16237146</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>30131982</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>13944666</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>14883123</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001363829-23-000020.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301081856
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001363829-23-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		268
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enstar Group LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001363829
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				999999999
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33289
		FILM NUMBER:		23689879

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX HM 2267, WINDSOR PLACE, 3RD FL.
		STREET 2:		22 QUEEN STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM JX
		BUSINESS PHONE:		441-292-3645

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX HM 2267, WINDSOR PLACE, 3RD FL.
		STREET 2:		22 QUEEN STREET
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM JX

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Castlewood Holdings LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060523

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001363829-23-000020.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 esgr-20221231.htm
 10-K

esgr-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 Commission File Number 
 
 ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 BERMUDA N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered LLC LLC Fixed-to-Floating Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Share, Series D, Par Value 1.00 Per Share LLC Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Share, Series E, Par Value 1.00 Per Share 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was billion based on the closing price of 213.98 per ordinary share on the NASDAQ Stock Market on that date. Shares held by officers and directors of the registrant and their affiliated entities have been excluded from this computation. Such exclusion is not intended, nor shall it be deemed, to be an admission that such persons are affiliates of the registrant. 
 As of February 27, 2023, the registrant had outstanding voting ordinary shares and non-voting convertible ordinary shares, each par value 1.00 per share. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Enstar Group Limited 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Glossary of Key Terms 
 3 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 9 
 Overview 
 9 
 Our Strategy 
 10 
 2022 Strategic Developments 
 10 
 Our Business 
 11 
 Competition 
 16 
 Human Capital Resources 
 18 
 Enterprise Risk Management 
 20 
 Regulation 
 20 
 Available Information About Enstar 
 26 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 27 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 
 Item 2. Properties 
 41 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 42 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 100 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 44 
 Operational Highlights 
 45 
 Consolidated Results of Operations - for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 47 
 Key Performance Measures 
 51 
 New Business 
 63 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 64 
 Other Financial Measures 
 71 
 Results of Operations by Segment - for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 72 
 Current Outlook 
 83 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 86 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 94 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 101 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 107 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 250 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 250 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 251 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 251 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 251 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 251 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 251 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 251 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 251 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 251 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 251 

Table of Contents 
 GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 

GLOSSARY OF KEY TERMS 
 
 A E Asbestos and environmental Accident year The annual calendar accounting period in which loss events occurred, regardless of when the losses are actually reported, recorded or paid. Acquisition costs Costs that are directly related to the successful efforts of acquiring new insurance contracts or renewing existing insurance contracts, and which principally consist of incremental costs such as: commissions, brokerage expenses, premium taxes and other fees incurred at the time that a contract or policy is issued ADC Adverse development cover A retrospective reinsurance arrangement that will insure losses in excess of an established reserve and provide protection up to a contractually agreed amount. Adjusted BVPS Adjusted book value per ordinary share - Non-GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing Enstar ordinary shareholders equity, adjusted to add the proceeds from the assumed exercise of warrants, by the number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for the exercise of warrants and equity awards granted and not yet vested. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Item 7 for reconciliation. Adjusted RLE Adjusted run-off liability earnings - Non-GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing adjusted prior period development by average adjusted net loss reserves. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Item 7 for reconciliation. Adjusted ROE Adjusted return on equity - Non-GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing adjusted operating income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders by adjusted opening Enstar ordinary shareholders equity. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Item 7 for reconciliation. Adjusted TIR Adjusted total investment return - Non-GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing adjusted total investment return by average adjusted total investable assets. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Item 7 for reconciliation. AFS Available-for-sale Allianz Allianz SE, former joint venture partner in Enhanzed Re AmTrust AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Annualized 
 Calculation of the quarterly result or year-to-date result multiplied by four and then divided by the number of quarters elapsed within the applicable year-to-date period. 
 AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) APRA Australian Prudential Regulation Authority Arden Arden Reinsurance Company Ltd. ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update Atrium Atrium Underwriting Group Limited and its subsidiaries BMA Bermuda Monetary Authority BSCR Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirement BVPS Book value per ordinary share - GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing Enstar ordinary shareholders equity by the number of ordinary shares outstanding. Cavello Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited CISSA Commercial Insurer's Solvency Self-Assessment Citco Citco III Limited CLO Collateralized loan obligation CNA Continental Casualty Company Commutation An agreement that provides for the complete discharge of all obligations between the parties under a particular reinsurance contract for an agreed upon up-front fee Core Specialty Core Specialty Insurance Holdings, Inc. DAC Deferred acquisition costs DCo DCo, LLC 

Table of Contents 
 GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 

Defendant A E liabilities Defendant asbestos and environmental liabilities - Non-insurance liabilities relating to amounts for indemnity and defense costs for pending and future claims, as well as amounts for environmental liabilities associated with our properties DCA Deferred charge asset - The amount by which estimated ultimate losses payable exceed the premium consideration received at the inception of a retroactive reinsurance agreement Dowling Funds Dowling Capital Partners I, L.P. and Capital City Partners LLC EB Trust The Enstar Group Limited Employee Benefit Trust ECR Enhanced capital requirement EGL Enstar Group Limited EMAL Enstar Managing Agency Limited Enhanzed Re Enhanzed Reinsurance Ltd. Enstar Enstar Group Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries Enstar Finance Enstar Finance LLC Exchange Transaction The exchange of a portion of our indirect interest in Northshore for all of the Trident V Funds indirect interest in StarStone U.S. FAL Funds at Lloyd's - A deposit in the form of cash, securities, letters of credit or other approved capital instrument that satisfies the capital requirement to support the Lloyd's syndicate underwriting capacity FCA U.K. Financial Conduct Authority Fixed Income assets Short-term and fixed maturity investments classified as trading and AFS, funds held-directly managed, cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash equivalents, and funds held by reinsured companies Fixed income securities Short-term and fixed maturity investments classified as trading and AFS, and fixed maturity investments included within funds held-directly managed Funds held The account created with premium due to the reinsurer pursuant to the reinsurance agreement, the balance of which is credited with investment income and losses paid are deducted Funds held by reinsured companies Funds held, as described above, where we receive a fixed crediting rate Funds held - directly managed Funds held, as described above, where we receive the actual underlying investment portfolio return Future policyholder benefits The provision recorded on the balance sheet relating to life reinsurance contracts, which are based on the present value of anticipated future cash flows and mortality rates Gate or side-pocket 
 A gate is the ability to deny or delay a redemption request, whereas a side-pocket is a designated account for which the investor loses its redemption rights. 
 Group Companies of Enstar Group Limited GSSA Group Solvency Self-Assessment Hillhouse Group 
 Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. and Hillhouse Capital Advisors, Ltd. 
 IBNR Incurred but not reported - In addition to unreported claims, may include provisions for the possibility that reported claims may settle for amounts that differ from the established case reserves as well as the potential for closed claims to re-open. These provisions are shown net of reinsurance balances recoverable Inigo Inigo Limited InRe Fund InRe Fund, L.P. Investable assets The sum of total investments, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and funds held JSOP Joint Share Ownership Program LAE Loss adjustment expenses LDTI Long duration targeted improvements accounting standard (ASU 2018-12 - Targeted improvement to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts) Lloyd's This term may refer to either the society of individual and corporate underwriting members that pool and spread risks as members of one or more syndicates, or the Corporation of Lloyd s, which regulates and provides support services to the Lloyd s market 

Table of Contents 
 GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 

LOC Letters of credit LPT Loss Portfolio Transfer - Retroactive reinsurance transaction in which loss obligations that are already incurred are ceded to a reinsurer, subject to any stipulated limits Monument Re Monument Insurance Group Limited Morse TEC Morse TEC LLC NAIC National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAV Net asset value NCI Noncontrolling interest New business Material transactions, other than business acquisitions, which generally take the form of reinsurance or direct business transfers North Bay North Bay Holdings Limited Northshore Northshore Holdings Limited Novation The substitution of a new contract in place of an old one. OCI Other comprehensive income OLR Outstanding loss reserves - Provisions for claims that have been reported and accrued but are unpaid at the balance sheet date Other Investments Equities, other investments, equity method investments, and the remainder of funds held-directly managed Parent Company Enstar Group Limited and not any of its consolidated subsidiaries Policy buy-back Similar to a commutation, for direct insurance contracts pp Percentage points - Numerical difference between two percentages PPD Prior period development - Changes to loss estimates recognized in the current calendar year that relate to loss reserves established in previous calendar years PRA U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority Private equity funds Investments in limited partnerships and limited liability companies PSU Performance share units Range of Outcomes The range of gross loss and LAE reserves implied by the various methodologies used by each of our (re)insurance subsidiaries RBC Risk-based capital Reinsurance to close (RITC) A business transaction to transfer estimated future liabilities attached to a given year of account of a Lloyd's syndicate into a later year of account of either the same or different Lloyd's syndicate in return for a premium Reserves for losses and LAE Management's best estimate of the ultimate cost of settling losses as of the balance sheet date. This includes OLR and IBNR Retroactive reinsurance Contracts that provide indemnification for losses and LAE with respect to past loss events RLE Run-off liability earnings GAAP-based financial measure calculated by dividing prior period development by average net loss reserves RNCI Redeemable noncontrolling interest ROE Return on equity - GAAP-based financial measure calculated by dividing net earnings (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders by opening Enstar ordinary shareholders equity Run-off A line of business that has been classified as discontinued by the insurer that initially underwrote the given risk Run-off portfolio A group of insurance policies classified as run-off SCR Solvency Capital Requirement SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SGL No. 1 SGL No. 1 Limited SISE StarStone Insurance SE SSHL StarStone Specialty Holdings Limited StarStone Group StarStone U.S. Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries and StarStone International StarStone International StarStone's non-U.S. operations 

Table of Contents 
 GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 

StarStone U.S. StarStone U.S. Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries Step Acquisition The purchase of the entire equity interest of an affiliate of Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd and Hillhouse Capital Advisors, Ltd. in Enhanzed Re 
 Stone Point Stone Point Capital LLC SUL StarStone Underwriting Limited TIR Total investment return - GAAP financial measure calculated by dividing total investment return recognized in earnings for the applicable period by average total investable assets Trident V Funds Trident V, L.P., Trident V Parallel Fund, L.P. and Trident V Professionals Fund, L.P. TSA Transition Services Agreement 2020 Repurchase Program An ordinary share repurchase program adopted by our Board of Directors in March 2020, for the purpose of repurchasing a limited number of our ordinary shares, not to exceed 150 million in aggregate. This plan was terminated in July 2021. 2021 Repurchase Program An ordinary share repurchase program adopted by our Board of Directors in November 2021, which was effective through November 30, 2022. Under this program, we were able to repurchase a limited number of our ordinary shares, not to exceed 100 million in aggregate. We fully utilized the plan as of April 2022. 2022 Repurchase Program An ordinary share repurchase program adopted by our Board of Directors in May 2022, for the purpose of repurchasing a limited number of our ordinary shares, not to exceed 200 million in aggregate. The program is effective through May 5, 2023. U.K. Regulator The FCA together with the PRA U.S. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ULAE Unallocated loss adjustment expenses - Loss adjustment expenses relating to run-off costs for the estimated payout of the run-off, such as internal claim management or associated operational support costs Unearned premium reserve The unexpired portion of policy premiums that will be earned over the remaining term of the insurance contract VIE Variable interest entity 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This annual report and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain statements that constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, with respect to our financial condition, results of operations, business strategies, operating efficiencies, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of our management, as well as the markets for our securities and the reinsurance sectors in general. 
 Statements that include words such as "estimate," "project," "plan," "intend," "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "would," "should," "could," "seek," "may" and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature identify forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws or otherwise. 
 All forward-looking statements are necessarily estimates or expectations, and not statements of historical fact, reflecting the best judgment of our management and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. 
 These forward looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various important risk factors, including those set forth in this annual report and the documents incorporated by reference herein, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risk factors include: 
 the adequacy of our loss reserves and the need to adjust such reserves as claims develop over time, including due to the impact of emerging claim and coverage issues and disputes that could impact reserve adequacy; 
 risks relating to our acquisitions, including our ability to evaluate opportunities, successfully price acquisitions, address operational challenges, support our planned growth and assimilate acquired portfolios and companies into our internal control system in order to maintain effective internal controls, provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud; 
 increased competitive pressures, including increased competition in the market for acquisitions of run-off business; 
 risks relating to our ability to obtain regulatory approvals, including the timing, terms and conditions of any such approvals, and to satisfy other closing conditions in connection with our acquisition agreements, which could affect our ability to complete acquisitions; 
 risks relating to the variability of statutory capital requirements and the risk that we may require additional capital in the future, which may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms; 
 the risk that our reinsurance subsidiaries may not be able to provide the required collateral to ceding companies pursuant to their reinsurance contracts, including through the use of letters of credit; 
 risks relating to the availability and collectability of our ceded reinsurance; 
 the ability of our subsidiaries to distribute funds to us and the resulting impact on our liquidity; 
 losses due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 risks relating to climate change and its potential impact on the returns from our run-off business and our investments; 
 the risk that the value of our investment portfolios and the investment income that we receive from these portfolios may decline materially as a result of market fluctuations and economic conditions, including those related to interest rates, credit spreads and equity prices (including the risk that we may realize losses related to declines in the value of our investments portfolios if we elect to, or are required to, sell investments with unrealized losses); 
 risks relating to our ability to structure our investments in a manner that recognizes our liquidity needs; 
 risks relating to our strategic investments in alternative asset classes and joint ventures, which are illiquid and may be volatile; 

Table of Contents 

risks relating to our ability to accurately value our investments, which requires methodologies, estimates and assumptions that can be highly subjective, and the inaccuracy of which could adversely affect our financial condition; 
 risks relating to the complex regulatory environment in which we operate, including that ongoing or future industry regulatory developments will disrupt our business, affect the ability of our subsidiaries to operate in the ordinary course or to make distributions to us, or mandate changes in industry practices in ways that increase our costs, decrease our revenues or require us to alter aspects of the way we do business; 
 loss of key personnel; 
 operational risks, including cybersecurity events, external hazards, human failures or other difficulties with our information technology systems that could disrupt our business or result in the loss of critical and confidential information, increased costs; 
 tax, regulatory or legal restrictions or limitations applicable to us or the (re)insurance business generally; 
 changes in tax laws or regulations applicable to us or our subsidiaries, or the risk that we or one of our non-U.S. subsidiaries become subject to significant, or significantly increased, income taxes in the United States or elsewhere; and 
 risks relating to the ownership of our shares resulting from certain provisions of our bye-laws and our status as a Bermuda company. 
 The risk factors listed above should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors that are included in Item 1A below. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 
 
 Enstar Group Limited ("Enstar") is a leading global (re)insurance group that offers capital release solutions through our network of group companies. We seek to create value by managing (re)insurance companies and portfolios of (re)insurance and other liability business in run-off and striving to generate an attractive risk-adjusted return from our investment portfolio. In this report, the terms "Enstar," the Company," "us," and "we" are used interchangeably to describe Enstar and our subsidiary companies. 
 We acquire legacy liabilities and (re)insurance reserves from companies and provide retroactive reinsurance coverage for portfolios of (re)insurance business, primarily via loss portfolio transfer contracts LPTs ). Additionally, we provide reinsurance contracts to other (re)insurers to mitigate some of their risk of future adverse development (an adverse development cover, or ADC on insurance risks relating to prior accident years. 
 A run-off portfolio is a group of insurance policies generally described by the accident year, line of business and jurisdiction that an insurer that initially underwrote the risks seeks to exit, or put into run-off. The facts and circumstances underlying an insurer s or company's (seller's) decision to put a portfolio into run-off or seek ADC contracts varies. Usually, the portfolios of risks have become inconsistent with the seller s core competencies, provide unwanted exposure to a particular risk or segment of the market and/or absorb capital that the seller may wish to deploy elsewhere. These portfolios of risks are often associated with potentially large exposures and lengthy time periods before resolution of the last remaining insured claims, resulting in uncertainty to the (re)insurer covering those risks. An owner of a company with direct exposure to asbestos and environmental liabilities may wish to dispose of their exposure to such liabilities for similar reasons. 
 We seek to obtain claims resolutions and settlements on the actual and potentially valid claims within each portfolio quickly, where feasible, to avoid lengthy and continuing defense costs. If we are successful at settling claims or otherwise manage the expected value of the losses for less than our carried reserves, we recognize favorable prior period development within our net incurred loss and loss adjustment expenses. Similarly, we may experience adverse development on the carried reserves if the projected costs of claims exceeds our estimates. We include the net development as a component of our performance, or run-off liability earnings RLE ). 
 Our claims handling responsibilities and authorities can vary from contract to contract. Generally, we seek to obtain direct claims management authority over our LPT s and passive claims monitoring, oversight and influence over our ADC portfolios, where our counterparty would typically benefit from our experience with managing similar claims. We may also seek to commute acquired reinsurance contracts and buy back underlying insurance policies, where appropriate. 
 We receive premium for our retroactive reinsurance solutions and invest these funds to generate investment earnings. We negotiate the investment class, fixed income duration and minimum asset quality needed for each portfolio with the ceding company as these investments are typically pledged as collateral within the reinsurance contract. For our remaining investments we decide within our investment allocation strategy the asset types, risk, liquidity and expected returns. 
 The substantial majority of our acquisitions have been in the run-off business, which generally includes property and casualty, workers compensation, asbestos and environmental A E ), professional indemnity, directors and officers, construction defect, motor, marine, aviation and transit, and other closed and discontinued blocks of business. 115 
 Transactions Completed Since 2000 
 35.1 billion 
 Total Liabilities Acquired Since 2000 
 9 1 10 2 
 Increase in Book Value Per Ordinary Share 
 
 10 1 10 2 
 Return on Equity 

1 Three year average (2020 - 2022) 
 2 Five year average (2018 - 2022) 
 Total liabilities acquired includes gross loss reserves and defendant A E liabilities. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 9 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Strategy 

Our Strategy 
 
 Leverage Management s Extensive Experience and Industry Relationships 
 
 We leverage our senior managements skills and experience to solidify our position as a leading run-off acquirer with a demonstrated ability to identify and execute growth opportunities. 
 Engage in Disciplined Acquisition Practices 
 
 When assessing potential acquisition targets, we carefully analyze risk exposures, claims practices, reserves and our return requirements as part of our detailed due diligence process. We value opportunities that include risk exposures and other characteristics that we have had prior experience managing. 
 Manage Claims and Re(insurance) Contracts Professionally, Expeditiously, and Cost-Effectively 
 
 We aim to generate RLE by drawing on in-house expertise and trusted third-party relationships to dispose of claims efficiently, paying valid claims on a timely basis, and relying on policy terms and exclusions where applicable, and litigation when necessary, to defend against paying invalid claims. 
 Using detailed claims analysis and actuarial projections, we seek to negotiate with policyholders and reinsurers with a goal of settling existing (re)insurance liabilities and monetizing (re)insurance assets in a cost efficient manner. 
 Prudently Manage Investments and Capital 
 
 We strive to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns, while growing profitability and generating long-term growth in shareholder value. 
 
 2022 Strategic Developments 
 
 Substantially Unwound Enhanzed Re s Reinsurance Transactions 
 
 In August 2022, Enhanzed Reinsurance Ltd. Enhanzed Re entered into a Master Agreement with Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited Cavello ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enstar, and Allianz SE Allianz ). Pursuant to the Master Agreement, Enhanzed Re, Cavello and Allianz agreed to a series of transactions that allowed us to unwind the Enhanzed Re reinsurance transactions in an orderly manner. 
 The transactions included (i) commuting or novating all of the reinsurance contracts written by Enhanzed Re, (ii) repaying the 70 million, in aggregate principle, of subordinated notes issued by Enhanzed Re to an affiliate of Allianz, and (iii) distributing Enhanzed Re s excess capital to Cavello and Allianz in accordance with their respective equity ownership in Enhanzed Re. 
 As of December 31, 2022, all of the transactions were complete, and the impact of transactions completed in the third quarter of 2022 (primarily the commutation of the catastrophe reinsurance with Allianz) have been recorded in our 2022 results, while the impact of transactions completed in the fourth quarter of 2022 (primarily the novation of reinsurance of closed block life annuity policies with Monument) will be reflected in our first quarter 2023 results, as we report the results of Enhanzed Re on a one quarter lag. 
 Given our rationalization of the Enhanzed Re reinsurance business, we renamed our Enhanzed Re segment as the Assumed Life segment during the third quarter of 2022. We may leverage this segment for any future potential assumed life business transactions if and when they occur. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 10 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Our Business 

Our Business 
 
 We acquire run-off and other (re)insurance reserves using retroactive reinsurance contracts where we are paid premium consideration to reinsure, up to a specified limit, underlying policies issued by other insurers who have written these risks in prior accident years. On closing a transaction, the premium we receive is not recognized as income, nor are the liabilities we acquire recognized as net incurred losses. These items are recorded to the balance sheet with any subsequent changes to the value of ultimate losses and liabilities recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 In addition, any difference between premium and losses recognized upon initial recognition of a transaction, is recorded as a deferred charge asset DCA or deferred gain liability DGL which is subsequently amortized. 1 
 We acquire (re)insurance companies and legacy manufacturing companies with direct exposure to asbestos and environmental liabilities defendant A E liabilities ), which are either in run-off or can be placed into run-off following our acquisition. We receive investment returns from the investment of the assets acquired with these companies that we use to settle the liabilities acquired, which may take many years to complete. 
 We establish our best estimate of the liabilities we assume based upon actuarial analyses of the claims data provided to us by the counterparties, our review of claims files and reinsurance assets, our analysis of claim trends and other data supplied as part of our due diligence. 
 Accordingly, at the time we enter the arrangements, we do not reflect the potential impact of our claims management strategies as we have no assurance that our efforts will be successful nor how any development may emerge. Similarly, we do not recognize reductions for any potential settlements or commutations that we have not executed as we do not solely control any such outcome. 
 We strive to generate attractive investment returns and favorable prior period development from our active claims management and/or claims management influence, via our involvement in and oversight rights over the loss portfolios. Our favorable or adverse outcomes are recorded as prior period development PPD within net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses LAE ). We record changes to the value of our defendant A E liabilities within other income. 
 As a result, the traditional (re)insurance underwriting ratios (loss ratios and combined ratios) are not relevant to us. Net earned premiums are not a significant source of revenue and current period net incurred losses and LAE from those premiums are not a significant source of losses for our Run-off segment. Our ability to generate favorable RLE or avoid unfavorable RLE from our management of acquired portfolios can vary. RLE may be recognized shortly after acquisition of the new portfolio, or may not appear for many years, if at all. 

1 This is further described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 11 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Our Business 

1 Acquire New Business 
 
 Sourcing 
 
 We leverage our industry relationships and our position as an experienced run-off specialist, together with our footprint in the major (re)insurance hubs, to source new business opportunities. We engage directly with companies and/or their representative brokers to bid for and negotiate new transactions. 
 Solutions 
 
 Our Run-off business offers a variety of capital release solutions, including but not limited to: 
 LPTs: We offer LPTs in situations where our clients wish to divest themselves of a portfolio of insurance business. In such instances, we are able to retroactively reinsure against deterioration of the portfolio of loss reserves, subject to any stipulated limits. In the Lloyd's market, we provide similar solutions through reinsurance to close RITC transactions. 
 
 ADCs: In situations where our clients are concerned about loss deterioration on selected books of business, we offer ADCs whereby we reinsure certain losses in excess of our clients established reserves, up to a pre-determined limit. 
 
 Acquisitions: Where our clients or potential clients want to dispose of a company in run-off, we may purchase the company. Such a transaction is beneficial to the seller because it enables them to monetize their investment in that company. 

Pricing 
 
 We evaluate each opportunity presented by carefully reviewing and analyzing the portfolio s risk exposures, claim practices, capital and reserve requirements and outstanding claims. This initial analysis allows us to determine whether the opportunity aligns with our strategy and targeted return thresholds. 
 If we decide to pursue an opportunity, we price it based on certain assumptions, including: our ability to apply our core competencies to negotiate with (re)insureds, resolve valid claims, manage the investments associated with the portfolio and otherwise manage the nature of the risks posed by the business or portfolio. 
 LPTs and ADCs: Using actuarial analysis and our view of the exposure assumed, we determine the premium consideration that we charge the ceding companies under retroactive reinsurance contracts. 
 This premium is generally lower than the undiscounted estimated ultimate losses payable at inception due to the time value of money, in recognition that we will earn an investment return on the assets which support the payment of insurance claims in the future. 
 Acquisitions: In order to price the acquisition of a company in run-off, we estimate the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired based on actuarial analyses and our views of the exposures assumed. 
 The fair value of the company may be lower than its book value based upon the risks assumed, the time value of money as applied to its liabilities and to our client no longer having to manage the company. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 12 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Our Business 

2 Manage Liabilities 
 
 Non-Life Run-off 
 
 There is a period over which the reserve liabilities associated with LPTs, ADCs, acquisitions and other similar transactions are extinguished, as described below: 
 At take-on: upon integrating the acquired company or portfolio we record our best estimate of the value of loss reserves. We then implement our plan to manage the book and its exposures that we gathered during the course of the acquisition process. 
 Subsequent to take-on: in the proceeding years, we develop a deeper understanding of the claims portfolio from a reserving perspective and employ our claims management strategies in order to generate RLE. 
 After applying our claims management strategies for a period of time, there are generally reduced opportunities remaining to achieve RLE. At that point, our goal is to continue to manage costs and generate investment returns as we run off the remaining reserves in an orderly manner. 
 Both the A E losses and LAE and defendant A E liabilities have much longer expected claims settlement periods than our general casualty books of business, and therefore the period over which their reserve liabilities are extinguished tends to be significantly longer than other lines of business. 
 The strategies we employ to manage our acquired companies and portfolios of business in run-off include: 
 Claims Management: Integral to our success is our ability to analyze, administer, and settle claims while managing related expenses. We work with seasoned and well-trained claims professionals, along with claims reporting and control procedures, in all of our claims units. Our claims management processes also include leveraging our extensive relationships and developed protocols to manage outside counsel and other third parties more efficiently to reduce expenses. 
 For certain lines of business, we have entered into agreements with third-party administrators to manage and pay claims on our subsidiaries behalf and advise with respect to case reserves. These agreements generally set forth the duties of the third-party administrators, limits of authority, indemnification language designed for our protection and various procedures relating to compliance with laws and regulations. The agreements clearly define our claims handling guidelines, and we provide active oversight and monitoring to manage these administrators on an ongoing basis in order to ensure the third-party administrators are operating in accordance with our expectations. 
 Commutations and Policy Buybacks: Where possible, we negotiate with third-party (re)insureds to commute their (re)insurance agreement (sometimes called policy buybacks for direct insurance) for an agreed upon up-front payment by us. 
 Commutations and policy buybacks provide us with an opportunity to exit exposures to certain policies and (re)insureds generally at a discount to the ultimate liability. Commutations can reduce the duration, administrative burden and ultimately the future cost we face as we manage the run-off of the claims and the amount of regulatory capital we are required to maintain. 
 In certain lines of business and jurisdictions, such as direct workers compensation insurance, commutations and policy buyback opportunities are not typically available, and our strategy with respect to these businesses is to derive value through efficient and effective claims management. 
 Reinsurance Recoverables: We manage reinsurance recoverables by working with reinsurers, brokers and professional advisors to achieve fair and prompt payment of reinsured claims, and we take appropriate legal action to secure recoverables when necessary. Where appropriate we negotiate commutations with our reinsurers by securing a lump sum settlement in complete satisfaction of the reinsurer s past, present and future liability in respect of such claims. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 13 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Our Business 

Life Run-off 
 
 Our subsidiary Enhanzed Re, is a Bermuda-based Class 4 and Class E reinsurer, which, prior to the November 2022 novation to Monument Re, reinsured a closed block of life annuity policies from Allianz SE Allianz ), who retained direct claims management and operational responsibilities. 
 We may leverage this segment for any future potential assumed life business transactions if and when they occur, and our objective for this business is to reinsure products that focus on longevity and investment risks. 
 We seek to deliver returns by taking advantage of the relative diversification benefits on our composite capital structure and the capital adjusted return profile of this business relative to our current run-off business. 
 Seasonality 
 
 We complete most of our loss reserve studies in the fourth quarter of each year and, as a result, we tend to record the largest movements, both favorable or adverse, to net incurred losses and LAE in these periods. However, we also monitor the progression of claims and claims settlements in the earlier interim periods and may adjust our reserves if, and when, we deem it appropriate. 
 
 3 Manage Investments 
 
 We manage our investments to obtain attractive risk adjusted returns while maintaining prudent diversification of assets and operating within the constraints of a regulated global (re)insurance group. We also consider the liquidity requirements and duration of our claims and contract liabilities. 
 We have a group-wide investment policy and group mandate, which applies to our consolidated investment portfolio and all subsidiary cash and investment portfolios. 
 Our investment policy: 
 Outlines our investment objectives and constraints; 
 Prescribes permitted asset class limits and strategies; 
 Establishes risk tolerance limits; and 
 Establishes appropriate governance. 
 Our investment policy also includes constraints that impact our asset allocation and external asset manager selection. 
 In pursuing our investment objectives, we typically allocate to asset classes with varying risk-return profiles that fall into two classifications: core assets and non-core assets. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 14 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Our Business 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 15 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Our Business 

Core Asset Strategy: Our core assets investment portfolio is predominantly invested in investment grade fixed income securities that are duration and currency optimized and matched against the expected payment of loss reserves in accordance with our contractual obligations with our counterparty insurers and as prescribed in statutory liquidity and solvency regulations. Our goal with these securities is to meet the expected maturity to support prompt payment of the claims, whilst maximizing investment income. 
 Our fixed income assets include U.S. government and agency investments, highly rated sovereign and supranational investments, high-grade corporate investments as well as mortgage-backed and asset-backed investments. 
 Non-Core Asset Strategy: Our goal with our non-core assets investment portfolio is to provide diversification and increased return. Our non-core assets typically include below-investment grade fixed income securities and bank loans, public equity securities, hedge funds, private equity funds, fixed income funds, collateralized loan obligation CLO equities, real estate funds, private credit funds and equity method investments. 
 
 Our core assets, or fixed income assets, include short-term and fixed maturity investments classified as trading and available-for-sale AFS ), funds-held directly managed, cash and cash equivalents, and funds held by reinsured companies. 
 Our non-core assets, or other investments, include equities and equity method investments. 
 The allocation and composition of our non-core assets may vary, depending on risk appetite, current market conditions and the assessment of relative value between asset classes. 
 We believe our non-core investments provide diversification in our overall investment portfolio, because historically and generally they have low correlation with our fixed income assets, thereby providing an opportunity for improved risk-adjusted rates of return while minimizing downside risk over the long term. The returns of our non-core investments may be volatile, and we may experience significant unrealized gains or losses in a particular quarter or year. Regulatory, rating agency, our internal risk appetite and other factors may limit our capacity to hold non-core assets. 
 Portfolio Allocation: Our portfolio is diversified across several core and non-core asset classes and targets attractive risk adjusted returns, while taking into account regulatory, capital, risk, and other relevant considerations. We periodically review the performance of the portfolio and reallocate assets to take advantage of opportunities in the market. This asset rebalancing is periodically reviewed by our Board Investment Committee. 
 Asset Manager Selection: Our investment portfolio is managed by external managers through the execution of investment management agreements and investment guidelines. We hold regular discussions with our managers to monitor investment performance. 
 Performance and Compliance Monitoring: Our investment management agreements and guidelines with external asset managers include performance benchmarks. The benchmarks take various factors into consideration, including duration, currency, asset class, geography, sector, credit quality and other relevant metrics that impact performance. 
 An investment compliance report for the aggregate investment policy is prepared for our Board Investment Committee on a quarterly basis in arrears. The Board Investment Committee and our subsidiary boards are responsible for ensuring that investment compliance guidelines proposed are aligned to our stated risk appetite. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 16 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Competition 

4 Redeploy Capital 
 
 Our regulated subsidiaries and group are subject to capital requirements, which require us to hold additional assets to mitigate the risk of insufficient funds to fulfill our insurance obligations in adverse economic or operational circumstances. Amounts beyond our internal capital levels are available for us to redeploy. 
 As we settle our liabilities, we reduce our required capital and any excess capital may be redeployed into the business for further acquisitions. We believe that the best investment is in our business, by funding future transactions and meeting our financing obligations. In addition, we may choose to add value by returning funds to shareholders in the form of share repurchases or dividends. To date, we have not declared any dividends on our ordinary shares. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our Run-off segment competes in the global insurance market with domestic and international reinsurance companies to acquire and manage (re)insurance companies in run-off and portfolios of (re)insurance business in run-off. The Run-off space has seen several new entrants to the market over the recent years which has increased competition in the overall market. 
 We compete with different companies depending upon the size of the portfolio losses being contemplated and the location of the insurer or insurance risks. 
 The acquisition and management of companies and portfolios in run-off is highly competitive, and driven by several factors, including proposed acquisition price, operational reputation, and financial resources including new capital and alternative forms of capital entering the markets. 
 We have established long-term and continuing business relationships throughout the (re)insurance industry, which can be a significant competitive advantage for us. Additionally, we believe that we are competitive on price and have a reputational ability to complete and manage transactions. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 17 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Human Capital Resources 

Our Organization 
 
 Segments 2 
 We report the results of our operations through four reportable segments: 
 Run-off: consists of our acquired property and casualty and other (re)insurance business. 
 Assumed Life: consists of life and catastrophe business that we assumed via the acquisition of the controlling interest in Enhanzed Reinsurance, Ltd. Enhanzed Re ). 
 Investments: consists of our investment activities and the performance of our investment portfolio, excluding those investable assets attributable to our Legacy Underwriting segment. 
 Legacy Underwriting: consists of businesses that we have exited via the sale of the majority of our interest. 
 In addition, our corporate and other activities, which do not qualify as an operating segment, include income and expense items that are not directly attributable to our reportable segments. 
 Major Operating Subsidiaries 
 Our (re)insurance business is regulated and requires licenses to operate in each relevant jurisdiction. Our major operating insurance subsidiaries and their regulatory domiciles are listed below: 
 Regulated Company Jurisdiction of Net Loss Reserves 
 as of December 31, 2022 
 Clarendon National Insurance Company United States 7 Fletcher Reinsurance Company Yosemite Insurance Company Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited Bermuda 82 Fitzwilliam Insurance Limited StarStone Insurance Bermuda Limited SGL No.1 Limited United Kingdom 11 Mercantile Indemnity Company Limited River Thames Insurance Company Limited Gordian Runoff Limited Other StarStone Insurance SE 100 

2 For further information on our reportable segments, refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations by Segment and Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 18 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Human Capital Resources 

Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 792 employees, as compared to 832 employees as of December 31, 2021. 
 We seek to attract, retain and develop a diverse and specialized workforce that supports our culture, target operating model and business performance. We do this by applying the following strategies: 
 Making use of a range of hiring channels and approaches and incorporating a total reward offering that includes market competitive salaries, an annual bonus plan as well as comprehensive benefits to protect employee health, wellness and financial security. 
 Promoting alignment of interests with investors through the use of an employee share purchase plan and long-term equity-based incentives. 
 Encouraging our employees to periodically review development areas with their managers to identify appropriate learning opportunities to better equip our work force with the skills necessary for near- and long-term success. We offer an array of professional development programs and initiatives to support our employees' career aspirations and enhance our leadership and management capabilities creating a pipeline of talent able to deliver on our long-term strategic objectives and developing a skilled workforce with succession capabilities. For example, we provide all of our employees access to a digital platform containing learning resources designed to support their role and career. 
 In addition, strengthening our succession planning is a key priority for us across all levels. We have made a significant investment in establishing and developing programs for managers, functional heads and group executives designed to enhance leadership and management capabilities across our senior management team. For example, in 2022 we established our Group Executive Leadership Program, which is designed to support individuals at the executive level. We also offer programs to regional executives and other potential successors throughout the organization. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We also understand the importance of diversity in our work force and our diversity, equity and inclusion DE I vision is to create a diverse and inclusive workplace, where everyone feels that they belong and where diversity is celebrated. Over the past year we increased our focus on DE I, which included: 
 Creating a global DE I steering and action group, chaired by our Chief Risk Officer and comprising senior stakeholders from around the business, which is responsible for agreeing the DE I strategy and periodically monitoring progress. 
 Enhancing our Employee Value Proposition by designing and launching our external Enstar Careers website, which allows us to clearly articulate the nature of both our business and our working environment. 
 Launching a summer internship program, hosted by offices in the U.S., the U.K. and Bermuda, and welcoming a diverse group of individuals to undertake a mix of industry training, departmental experience and personal development activities. 
 To measure our progress, we use a variety of human capital measures in managing our business, including workforce demographics and diversity metrics, attrition and retention metrics and hiring metrics. We continue to build and expand on the range of metrics we produce as we continue to work towards our DE I vision. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 19 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Enterprise Risk Management 

As of December 31, 2022, our gender metrics on a global scale were as follows: 
 
 We are committed to fostering a culture that treats all employees fairly and with respect, promotes inclusivity and diversity, and provides equal opportunities for professional development and merit-based advancement. We adhere to these values by following a Board Diversity Policy and Group Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy. We intend to continue conducting human capital management activities, including recruitment, career development and advancement, role design and compensation in a manner reflective of our commitment to diversity and inclusion. 
 Employee Wellbeing 
 We also recognize the importance of our employees as individuals and the role we can play in promoting their wellbeing. Our wellbeing strategy is now well defined across three pillars of core focus, which includes: 
 Emotional and social: we offer an Employee Assistance Program, which provides a professional and confidential service that covers a broad range of topics, both personal and work-related. 
 Physical: our benefits coverage includes a range of centrally provided and individually tailored health-related insurance packages, alongside a number of additional benefits and initiatives. For example, we provide access to a wellbeing platform that offers a range of benefits and tools and hosts Enstar s health initiatives and challenges, such as our Global Step Challenge held in June 2022. We also offer an Enstar Wellness allowance, enabling an annual reimbursement of expenses that support mental or physical wellness, and various other provisions such as annual health assessments and virtual medical consultation programs. 
 Financial: we run a number of activities to support the financial wellbeing of our people, which includes offering access to financial advisors, benefit webinars and other financial assistance facilities. 
 Our employee engagement, diversity and inclusion results are a clear indication of both our efforts and successes in managing and supporting our employees. For the past two years our rating index has been in the upper quartile of the financial services benchmark resulting in Enstar being awarded the People Insight Outstanding Place to Work 2022 award, which less than 10 of participants receive. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 20 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Enterprise Risk Management 

Enterprise Risk Management 
 
 Effective enterprise risk management ERM and oversight is a top priority for our management and Boards of Directors (both at the parent company and subsidiary levels). We aim to ensure that we have engaged in highly comprehensive risk management framework to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report on risks that affect the achievement of our strategic, operational and financial objectives. 
 We believe that an effective ERM framework is crucial to maintaining the strength of Enstar and our (re)insurance companies (our "Group") and enhancing our operations. These include our business strategy and objectives, capital management decision making, operations and processes, financial performance and financial reporting, regulatory compliance, reputation with key stakeholders and business continuity planning. Through our ERM framework, we aim to embed considerations of risk through all aspects of our business. 
 
 Risk Management Strategy 
 
 The Group s Risk Management Strategy has been designed to help meet our core objectives, which is to: 
 engage in highly disciplined and risk based, acquisition, management and (re)insurance practices across a diverse portfolio of loss reserves; 
 seek investment risk where it is adequately rewarded; 
 maintain loss reserving risk in line with risk appetite; 
 minimize capital, liquidity, credit, operational and regulatory risks; and 
 promote the consideration of Environmental (specifically, climate change effects), Social and Governance ESG risks in the strategies, business planning and other operational processes. 
 These strategies are pursued through the use of appropriate controls, governance structures and highly skilled teams effectively working together. 
 Our risk management strategy is embedded across the organization by promoting a strong culture of risk awareness. This is evidenced through our day-to-day approach to managing our business. In particular, risk matters are regularly discussed at management and Board meetings, providing challenge and considering opportunities against risks being assessed and managed. 
 The goal of our risk management strategy is to enable the proactive, pragmatic management of risks arising in day-to-day operations, primarily through the implementation and maintenance of an effective ERM framework to ensure a robust control environment. 
 
 Risk Appetite 
 
 The Risk Appetite Framework in place at both the Group and its regulated subsidiaries monitors risk taking throughout the business by linking business strategy and planning with available capital and risk. It is designed to consider material risks, protect the Group and its subsidiaries from unacceptable levels of loss, compliance failures and/or adverse reputational impacts and support the wider strategic decision-making process. 
 A qualitative risk appetite statement is set for each material risk to represent the amount of risk the Board is willing to accept, which is supported by quantitative tolerances (such as minimum capital required). The qualitative risk appetite statements and supporting quantitative tolerances are reviewed and approved by the Board annually. Subsidiary companies risk appetite and tolerances are reviewed against their specific risk profiles and strategy and approved by the local Board(s), and are reviewed annually to ensure that subsidiary risk appetite does not in the aggregate exceed the aggregate Group Risk Appetite Framework. 
 Accountability for the implementation, monitoring and oversight of our risk appetite is aligned with individual corporate executives and monitored and maintained by the Risk Management function. Risk tolerance levels are monitored and deviations from pre-established levels are reported in order to facilitate responsive action. On a quarterly basis, risk tolerances are reported by the assigned first line business owner to Risk Management who collate, review and provide challenge and aggregate tolerances. Individual tolerances are rated Red , Amber or Green relative to pre-defined thresholds. As determined by the Board or Risk Committee, the Risk Appetite 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 21 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Regulation 

Framework and tolerance(s) may be reviewed/updated outside of the annual review cycle in the event of a material change in risk profile. 
 
 Risk Governance and Culture 
 
 The Board of Directors actively oversees the management of risks to which the Group is exposed in a variety of ways. To ensure comprehensive oversight, the Company has an EGL Risk Committee, as well as Group and jurisdictional Management Risk Committees comprised of executive and/or senior management responsible for the management of key risks. These committees are supported by representatives from our Risk Compliance and Internal Audit functions as appropriate. 
 The Group, supported by the wider ERM Framework, promotes a strong risk culture through a rigorous hiring process for employees, performing an annual Compensation Risk Assessment, ensuring employee understanding and compliance with the Employee Code of Conduct, and by promoting employee risk awareness of compliance and IT security matters through training. 
 
 Risk Ownership, Accountability and Assurance 
 
 We maintain the traditional Three Lines Model (Management, Risk Compliance and Internal Audit) to delineate accountabilities and establish a check and balance management of risks across the Group. The Three Lines Model has been selected to allow for clear ownership and accountability of risks, and independent assurance that these have been considered appropriately via our Internal Audit function. This model also allows for a clear assignment of risk management responsibilities across all Group activities and helps communicate the approach to risk management throughout the organization. 
 The Risk Management function, headed by the Group Chief Risk Officer CRO ), is responsible for both designing and operationalizing the various components of the ERM Framework throughout the Group. To ensure independence, the CRO reports to our CEO and has direct access to the Chairperson of the EGL Risk Committee. Our CRO obtains expertise from other functions / subject matter experts, as appropriate, to provide coverage over key risk areas. 
 The Group and its subsidiaries have internal controls in place, designed to manage risks to acceptable levels and the effectiveness of controls is regularly considered in managing and balancing risk and appetite. These are implemented within each line of defense. 
 
 Entity Level Management 
 
 At the operating subsidiary level, risks relating to our individual (re)insurance subsidiaries are also overseen by the subsidiary boards of directors, risk committees and other committees, and management teams, consistent with applicable regulatory requirements and our overall ERM framework that is embedded at local levels and throughout the business. 
 
 Emerging Risks 
 
 As part of our ERM Framework, we maintain an Emerging Risk Framework, which sets out the minimum standards by which emerging risks are identified, analyzed, evaluated, treated and reported on. Pursuant to this framework, the Management Risk Committees and our Group Risk Committee continually monitor emerging risks and oversee changes to our ERM Framework to react to these risks, where appropriate. Emerging risks are defined as "risks which may develop or which already exist but are difficult to quantify." They are marked by a high degree of uncertainty, and may or may not fall within the categories outlined above under "Risk Categories." While emerging risks are not fully understood or explicitly considered within the day-to-day operation of our business due to the lack of quantifiable data, we expect that the potential impacts of these risks may crystallize over time and therefore merit additional analysis, monitoring, evaluation and, when appropriate, management of the emerging risk. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for further detail on these risks. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 22 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Regulation 

Regulation 

Overview 
 
 The business of (re)insurance is regulated in most countries, although the degree and type of regulation varies from one jurisdiction to another. Our material operations are in Bermuda, the United Kingdom, the United States, Australia and several Continental European countries. We are subject to extensive regulation under the applicable statutes in these countries and any others in which we operate. In addition, the Bermuda Monetary Authority BMA acts as group supervisor of our Group. 
 We may become subject in the future to regulation in new jurisdictions or additional regulations in existing jurisdictions depending on the location and nature of any companies acquired and the volume and location of business being transacted by our existing companies. 
 
 Group Supervision 
 
 The BMA s group supervision objective is to provide a coordinated approach to the regulation of an insurance group and its supervisory and capital requirements. Bermuda has been recognized by the U.S. National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC as a qualified jurisdiction, and the E.U. recognizes Bermuda's full equivalence under Solvency II. 
 As our Group supervisor, the BMA performs a number of functions including: (i) coordinating the gathering and dissemination of information for other regulatory authorities; (ii) carrying out a supervisory review and assessment of our Group; (iii) carrying out an assessment of our Group's compliance with the rules on solvency, risk concentration, intra-group transactions and appropriate governance procedures; (iv) planning and coordinating, through regular meetings with other authorities, supervisory activities in respect of our Group; (v) coordinating any enforcement action that may need to be taken against our Group or any Group members; and (vi) coordinating meetings of colleges of supervisors in order to facilitate the carrying out of these functions. Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited Cavello serves as our Group s Designated Insurer. As Designated Insurer, Cavello is required to facilitate compliance by our Group with the insurance solvency and supervision rules. 
 On an annual basis, the Group is required to file Group statutory financial statements, a Group statutory financial return, a Group capital and solvency return, audited Group financial statements, a Group Solvency Self-Assessment GSSA ), and a financial condition report with the BMA. The GSSA is designed to document our perspective on the capital resources necessary to achieve our business strategies and remain solvent, and to provide the BMA with insights on our risk management, governance procedures and documentation. In addition, the Group is required to file a quarterly financial return with the BMA. 
 We are required to maintain available Group statutory capital and surplus in an amount that is at least equal to the group enhanced capital requirement ECR ). The BMA has also established a group target capital level equal to 120 of the Group ECR. 
 The BMA also maintains supervision over the controllers of all Bermuda registered insurers, and accordingly, any person who, directly or indirectly, becomes a holder of at least 10 of our ordinary shares must notify the BMA in writing within 45 days of becoming such a holder (or ceasing to be such a holder). The BMA may object to such a person and require the holder to reduce its holding of ordinary shares and direct, among other things, that voting rights attaching to the ordinary shares shall not be exercisable. 
 
 Bermuda Operations 
 
 BMA Insurance Regulation 
 The Insurance Act 1978 of Bermuda and related regulations, as amended (together, the "Insurance Act"), regulate the (re)insurance business of our operating subsidiaries in Bermuda. The Insurance Act imposes certain solvency and liquidity standards and auditing and reporting requirements and grants the BMA powers to supervise, investigate, require information and the production of documents and intervene in the affairs of (re)insurance companies. 
 Significant requirements pertaining to our regulated Bermuda subsidiaries vary depending on the class in which our company is registered, but generally include the appointment of a principal representative in Bermuda, the 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 23 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Regulation 

appointment of an independent auditor, the appointment of an approved loss reserve specialist to opine on the statutory technical provisions of our insurance reserves, the filing of annual statutory and either U.S generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP based consolidated or condensed financial statements, the filing of annual statutory financial returns, the filing of quarterly financial returns, compliance with group solvency and supervision rules, and compliance with the Insurance Code of Conduct (relating to corporate governance, risk management and internal controls). 
 Our regulated Bermuda subsidiaries must also comply with a minimum liquidity ratio and minimum solvency margin. The minimum liquidity ratio requires that the value of relevant assets must not be less than 75 of the amount of relevant liabilities. The minimum solvency margin, which varies depending on the class of the insurer, is determined as a percentage of either net reserves for losses and LAE or premiums. Each of our regulated Bermuda-domiciled insurers is also subject to an ECR determined pursuant to a risk-based capital measure and are required to file a Commercial Insurer s Solvency Self-Assessment CISSA ), and a financial condition report with the BMA. As of December 31, 2022, each of our Bermuda-based (re)insurance subsidiaries exceeded their respective minimum solvency and liquidity requirements. 
 Each of our regulated Bermuda subsidiaries would be prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends if it were in breach of its minimum solvency margin or liquidity ratio or if the declaration or payment of such dividends would cause it to fail to meet such margin or ratio. In addition, each of our regulated Bermuda subsidiaries is prohibited, without the prior approval of the BMA, from reducing by 15 or more its total statutory capital, or from reducing by 25 of more its total statutory capital and surplus, as set out in its previous year s statutory financial statements. Our Bermuda (re)insurance companies that are in run-off are required to seek BMA approval for any dividends or distributions. 
 
 Economic Substance Act 
 Under the provisions of the Economic Substance Act 2018 (the "ESA"), any Bermuda-registered entity engaged in a relevant activity (which includes insurance business and holding entity activities) must maintain a substantial economic presence in Bermuda. To the extent that the ESA applies to our entities registered in Bermuda, we are required to demonstrate compliance with economic substance requirements by filing an annual economic substance declaration with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda. 
 
 U.K. Operations 

PRA and FCA Regulation 
 Our U.K.-based insurance subsidiaries consist of wholly-owned run-off companies. These subsidiaries are authorized and regulated by the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority (the "PRA"), and are also regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA", together with the PRA, the "U.K. Regulator"). Our U.K. run-off subsidiaries may not underwrite new business without the approval of the U.K. Regulator. 
 Our U.K.-based insurance subsidiaries are required to maintain adequate financial resources in accordance with the requirements of the U.K. Regulator. The calculation of the minimum capital resources requirements in any particular case depends on, among other things, the type and amount of insurance business written and claims paid by the insurance company. As of December 31, 2022, each of our U.K.-based insurance subsidiaries maintained capital in excess of the minimum capital resources requirements. 
 The Solvency II framework sets out requirements on capital adequacy and risk management for insurers. To the extent that Solvency II was already adopted by U.K. legislation, it remains in force post-Brexit. Insurers must comply with a Solvency Capital Requirement ("SCR"), which is calculated using either the Solvency II standard formula or a bespoke internal model. Our non-Lloyd's U.K. companies use the standard formula. It remains to be seen to what extent the U.K. will depart from the requirements of Solvency II post-Brexit in any new U.K. legislation that may be introduced. 
 The U.K. Regulator s rules require our U.K. insurance subsidiaries to obtain regulatory approval for any proposed or actual payment of a dividend. The U.K. Regulator uses the SCR, among other tests, when assessing requests to make distributions. 
 Under the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 ("FSMA"), any company or individual (together with its concert parties) proposing to directly or indirectly acquire "control" over a U.K. authorized insurance company (which is generally defined as acquiring 10 or more of the shares or voting power in a U.K. authorized insurance company or its parent company) must seek prior approval of the U.K. Regulator of its intention to do so. A person 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 24 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Regulation 

who is already deemed to have "control" will require prior regulatory approval if the person increases the level of "control" beyond 20 , 30 and 50 . 
 
 Lloyd s Regulation 
 We participate in the Lloyd s market through our interests in: (i) Syndicate 2008, a syndicate that has permission to underwrite RITC business and other run-off or discontinued business type transactions with other Lloyd's Syndicates; (ii) Syndicate 1301 (2020 and prior underwriting years), which is managed by Enstar Managing Agency Limited ("EMAL") (EMAL also serves as managing agent for Syndicate 2008); and (iii) Atrium's Syndicate 609 (2020 and prior underwriting years), which is managed by Atrium Underwriters Limited, a Lloyd's managing agent. 
 Our Lloyd s operations are subject to authorization and regulation by the U.K. Regulator and compliance with the Lloyd s Act(s) and Byelaws and regulations, as well as the applicable provisions of the FSMA. The Council of Lloyd s has wide discretionary powers to regulate its members, and its exercise of these powers might affect the return on an investment of the corporate member in a given underwriting year. This discretion includes the ability to assess up to 3 of a member s underwriting capacity in any one year as a Central Fund contribution. 
 The underwriting capacity of a corporate member of Lloyd s must be supported by providing a deposit (referred to as "Funds at Lloyd s" or FAL in the form of cash, securities, letters of credit or other approved capital instrument in satisfaction of its capital requirement. The amount of the FAL is assessed quarterly and is determined by Lloyd s in accordance with applicable capital adequacy rules. To release their capital, Lloyd s members are usually required to have transferred their liabilities through an approved RITC, such as those offered by Syndicate 2008. 
 Business plans, including maximum underwriting capacity, for Lloyd s syndicates require annual approval by the Lloyd s Franchise Board, which may require changes to any business plan or additional capital to support underwriting plans. 
 The Lloyd s market has applied the Solvency II internal model under Lloyd s supervision, and our Lloyd s operations are required to meet Solvency II standards. The Society of Lloyd's has received approval from the PRA to use its bespoke internal model under the Solvency II regime. 
 Lloyd s approval is required before any person can acquire control of a Lloyd s managing agent or Lloyd s corporate member. 
 
 U.S. 
 
 Our U.S. (re)insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive governmental regulation and supervision by the states in which they are domiciled, licensed and/or eligible to conduct business. We currently have wholly-owned subsidiary U.S. insurers and reinsurers domiciled in Texas, Missouri and Oklahoma and minority owned affiliates in Pennsylvania, Delaware, New Jersey and Illinois. 
 Our U.S. insurers are generally required to maintain minimum levels of solvency and liquidity as determined by law, and to comply with risk-based capital requirements and licensing rules. Insurers having less statutory surplus than required by the risk-based capital calculation will be subject to varying degrees of regulatory action. If any of our U.S. insurers were to have risk-based capital levels that are below required levels, they would be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny and control by their domestic and possibly other insurance regulators. As of December 31, 2022, all of our U.S. insurers exceeded their required levels of risk-based capital. 
 Applicable insurance laws also limit the amount of dividends or other distributions our U.S. insurers can pay to us. The insurance regulatory limitations on dividends are generally based on statutory net income and/or certain levels of statutory surplus as determined by the insurer s state or states of domicile and approval must be obtained before an insurer may pay a dividend or make a distribution above these thresholds. 
 All states have enacted legislation regulating insurance holding company systems that requires each insurance company in the system to register with the insurance department of its state of domicile and furnish information concerning the operations of companies within the holding company system that may materially affect the operations, management or financial condition of the insurers within the system. The NAIC s Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act and associated regulations provide regulators with tools to evaluate risks to an insurance company within the insurance holding company system. They impose extensive informational requirements on parents and other affiliates of licensed insurers with the purpose of protecting them from enterprise risk, including requiring an annual enterprise risk report by the ultimate controlling person of the insurers identifying 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 25 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1 | Business | Regulation 

the material risks within the insurance holding company system that could pose enterprise risk to the insurers and requiring a person divesting its controlling interest to make a confidential advance notice filing. 
 The NAIC s Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act requires insurers to maintain a risk management framework and establishes a legal requirement for insurers or their insurance group to conduct an Own Risk and Solvency Assessment ("ORSA") in accordance with the NAIC s ORSA Guidance Manual. The ORSA Model Act subjects our insurance subsidiaries to ORSA requirements if certain premium thresholds are exceeded. Where applicable, we must regularly conduct an ORSA consistent with the ORSA Model Act, including undertaking an internal risk management review no less often than annually and preparing a summary report assessing the adequacy of risk management and capital in light of our insurers current and future business plans. 
 The NAIC s Corporate Governance Annual Disclosure CGAD Model Act and Regulation requires the annual filing of a disclosure describing the insurance group s corporate governance structure, policies, and practices. The Model Act and Regulation have been adopted in most of the states in which we have insurers domiciled. There are no premium thresholds for CGAD. 
 Before a person can acquire control of a domestic insurer or any person controlling such insurer, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance commissioner of the state in which the domestic insurer is domiciled and, under certain circumstances, from insurance commissioners in other jurisdictions. Generally, state statutes and regulations provide that "control" over a domestic insurer or person controlling a domestic insurer is presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds with the power to vote, or holds proxies representing, 10 or more of the voting securities or securities convertible into voting securities of the domestic insurer or of a person who controls the domestic insurer. 
 
 Australia 
 
 Our Australian regulated insurance entity is subject to prudential supervision by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority ("APRA"). APRA is the primary regulatory body responsible for regulating compliance with the Insurance Act 1973. APRA has issued prudential standards that apply to general insurers in relation to capital adequacy (under a wide range of scenarios), the holding of assets in Australia, risk management, business continuity management, reinsurance management, outsourcing, audit and actuarial reporting and valuation, the transfer and amalgamation of insurance businesses, governance, and the fit and proper assessment of the insurer s responsible persons. 
 APRA also prescribes prudential standards on risk management and governance. Our Australian regulated insurance entity is compliant with these requirements. 
 An insurer must obtain APRA s written consent prior to making any capital releases, including any payment of dividends in excess of current year earnings. Our insurance subsidiary must provide APRA with a valuation prepared by an appointed actuary that demonstrates that the tangible assets of the insurer, after the proposed capital release, are sufficient to cover its insurance liabilities to a 99.5 level of sufficiency of capital before APRA will consent to a capital release or dividend above the prescribed limit. 
 Under the Financial Sector (Shareholdings) Act 1998, the interest of an individual shareholder or a group of associated shareholders in an insurer is generally limited to a 15 "stake" of the insurer. A person s stake is the aggregate of the person s voting power and the voting power of the person s associates. A higher percentage limit may be approved by the Treasurer of the Commonwealth of Australia on national interest grounds. Any shareholder of Enstar with a "stake" greater than 15 has received approval to hold that stake from the Treasurer of the Commonwealth of Australia. 
 
 Europe 
 
 We have subsidiaries in Belgium, as well as StarStone Insurance SE ("SISE"), a Liechtenstein-based company that is regulated by the Financial Markets Authority. Our subsidiaries and branches in European jurisdictions are regulated in their respective home countries. As of January 1, 2023, the UK branch of SISE is also regulated by the UK Regulator following the expiration of the applicable Brexit transitional provisions. The application of the Solvency II framework across such European jurisdictions generally results in a uniform approach to regulation. Typically, such regulation is for the protection of policyholders and ceding insurance companies rather than shareholders. Regulatory authorities generally have broad supervisory and administrative powers over such matters as licenses, standards of solvency including minimum capital and surplus requirements, investments, reporting requirements 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 26 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

relating to capital structure, ownership, financial condition and general business operations, special reporting and prior approval requirements with respect to certain transactions among affiliates, reserves for unpaid losses and LAE, reinsurance, dividends and other distributions to shareholders, periodic examinations and annual and other report filings. 
 
 Available Information About Enstar 
 
 Our website is http://www.enstargroup.com. We make available free of charge, through our Investor Relations section of our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after the material is electronically filed with or otherwise furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are also available on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 In addition, copies of our Code of Conduct and the governing charters for the Audit, Compensation, Executive, Investment, Nominating and Governance, and Risk Committees of our Board of Directors are available free of charge through our Corporate Governance section of our website. 
 The information contained on our website is not included as a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this filing. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 27 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Any of the following risk factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical or anticipated results. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks that we currently consider not to be material or of which we are not currently aware, and any of these risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical or anticipated results. 
 You should carefully consider these risks along with the other information included in this document, including the matters addressed above under "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" before investing in any of our securities. We may amend, supplement or add to the risk factors described below from time to time in future reports filed with the SEC. 
 We have categorized our risk factors into the following areas: 
 Risks Relating to our Run-off Business 
 Risks Relating to Taxation 
 Risks Relating to Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Risks Relating to our Investments 
 Risks Relating to Laws and Regulations 
 Risks Relating to our Operations 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of our Shares 
 
 Risks Relating to our Run-off Business 
 
 Inadequate loss reserves could reduce our net earnings and capital surplus, which could have a materially adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are required to maintain a best estimate of reserves to cover the estimated ultimate liability for losses and LAE for both reported and unreported incurred claims. As of December 31, 2022, gross reserves for losses and LAE reported on our balance sheet were 13.0 billion. The process of establishing these reserves includes a significant level of judgment. As a result, these reserves are only estimates of what we expect the settlement and administration of claims will cost based on facts and circumstances known to us, as well as actuarial methodologies, historical industry loss ratio experience, loss development patterns, estimates of future trends and developments and other variable factors such as inflation. For example, while we monitor and adjust our reserves for the expected impact of inflation, the inherent uncertainties and inherent judgments that surround the estimation process make it so that we cannot be certain that our ultimate losses will not exceed our recorded estimates of losses and LAE. 
 We cannot be certain that ultimate losses will not exceed our recorded estimates of losses and LAE because of the uncertainties and inherent judgements that surround the estimation process (which are discussed in "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses"). As a result, actual losses and LAE paid will deviate, perhaps substantially, from the reserve estimates reflected in our financial statements due to legal, judicial, social or other factors. If our reserves are insufficient to cover our actual losses and LAE, we would have to augment our reserves and incur a charge to our earnings. Such a charge could be material and would reduce our net earnings and capital and surplus. Further, our success is dependent upon our ability to accurately assess the reserves associated with our existing businesses and the business that we will acquire in the future. 
 In our Run-off business, loss reserves include A E liabilities of 2.0 billion as of December 31, 2022. We also hold defendant liabilities associated with personal injury A E claims from acquired companies with legacy manufacturing businesses. As of December 31, 2022, defendant A E liabilities reported on our balance sheet were 607 million. Ultimate values for A E claims cannot be estimated using traditional reserving techniques, and there are significant uncertainties in estimating losses for these claims. Factors contributing to the uncertainty include long waiting periods, reporting delays and difficulties identifying contamination sources and allocating damage liability. Developed case law and adequate claim history do not always exist for A E claims, and changes in the legal and tort environment affect the development of such claims. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 28 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

In addition, evolving industry practices and legal, judicial, social, and environmental conditions may result in unexpected claims and coverage issues that could adversely affect the adequacy of our loss reserves by extending coverage beyond the envisioned scope of insurance policies and reinsurance contracts, or by increasing the number or size of claims. Our exposure to these uncertainties could be exacerbated by an increase in insurance and reinsurance contract disputes, arbitration and litigation, as well as social and economic inflation trends, including expanded theories of liability and higher jury awards. For example, in areas such as mass tort litigation, we continue to see damages awarded that far exceed the economic damages of the claimant. Increasingly, the handling of insurance claims can also lead to bad faith or other forms of extra-contractual damages. These trends may not become apparent until long after we have acquired or assumed the affected insurance policies. 
 We may not be able to sustain our growth through acquisitions. 
 We pursue growth through financially beneficial acquisitions of companies and portfolios of (re)insurance business. Because the execution of our claims management strategies and associated payments result in the reduction of our loss reserves and LAE over time, we must continually acquire an adequate amount of run-off business that aligns with our strategic objectives to grow liabilities and assets under management. However, the acquisition of suitable run-off business is highly competitive and driven by many factors, including proposed acquisition price, reputation, collateral arrangements, and financial resources. Competitors continue to enter the insurance run-off space, and as a result, we may be unable to consummate acquisition transactions at acceptable prices and on acceptable terms, or at all, which could hinder our future growth. 
 The evaluation and negotiation of potential run-off acquisitions, as well as the integration of acquired businesses or portfolios in run-off, can be complex and costly and requires substantial management resources. Once we have signed a definitive agreement to acquire a business or portfolio, conditions to closing, such as obtaining regulatory or shareholder approvals, must be met prior to completing the acquisition. These and other closing conditions may not be satisfied, or may cause a material delay in the anticipated timing of closing. Such a failure or delay could result in significant expense, diversion of time and resources, reputational damage, litigation and a failure to realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition, all of which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our acquisitions could involve additional risks that we may not be able to identify during the due diligence process, such as losses from unanticipated litigation, levels of covered claims or other liabilities and exposures, an inability to generate sufficient investment income and other revenue to offset acquisition costs and other financial exposures. Further, our counterparties may breach their representations and warranties and/or be unable or unwilling to meet their contractual obligations to us. 
 We may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, which may result in underperformance relative to our expectations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 To achieve positive operating results from an acquisition, we must first price the transaction on favorable terms relative to the risks posed, and then we must successfully manage the acquired reserves and investments. Unlike traditional insurers and reinsurers, our companies and loss portfolios no longer underwrite new policies or collect underwriting premiums, and their stated provisions for losses and LAE may not be sufficient to cover future losses and the cost of run-off. Failure to successfully manage such reserves, including by effectively managing claims, collecting from insurers or reinsurers, controlling expenses and generating positive investment returns in line with our pricing assumptions, could result in us having to cover losses sustained with capital, which would materially and adversely impact our ability to grow our business and may result in material losses. 
 Further, the acquisitions we have made and expect to make in the future may pose operational challenges that expose us to risks relating to: 
 the value of liabilities assumed being greater than expected; 
 the value of assets or our anticipated return on assets being lower than expected or diminishing for reasons including credit defaults, changes in interest rates, declines in market value, inflation or delays in implementation of our intended investment strategies; 
 funding cash flow shortages that may occur if anticipated revenues are not realized or are delayed, if expenses are greater than anticipated, or if assets are not liquid; 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 29 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

integrating financial and operational reporting systems and internal controls of acquired businesses, including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and our reporting requirements under the Exchange Act; 
 leveraging our existing capabilities and expertise into the business acquired and establishing synergies within our organization; 
 funding increased capital needs and overhead expenses; 
 integrating technology platforms and managing any increased cybersecurity risk; 
 the timely transfer and integrity of data needed to manage acquired business; 
 obtaining and retaining management personnel required for expanded operations; 
 fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates relating to the assets and liabilities we may acquire; 
 goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges; and 
 complying with applicable laws and regulations. 
 If we are unable to address some or all of these challenges, our acquisitions may underperform relative to our expectations and our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Climate change may have an adverse impact on the returns from our run-off business as well as our investments, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our core focus is on acquiring and managing reinsurance companies and portfolios of reinsurance business in run-off, and as such climate change presents unique risks to our business stemming from insurance liabilities we acquire and the assets that back those liabilities. As we acquire liabilities, there is a risk that our current practices and processes do not successfully identify and/or price the risks arising from climate change, which could result in actual returns deviating adversely from those assumed when the transaction was priced. In addition, the disruption caused by changes in technology, governments and regulation as part of a societal transition to a lower carbon emitting economy could expose our investment portfolio to a loss of value in the near term and long term. For example, a swift, adverse repricing of carbon-intensive financial assets could expose our investments to losses in the near term and in the long term if the transition to a lower carbon-emitting economy is associated with increased production costs. Additionally, achieving any sustainability goals and commitments that we may set for ourselves in the future, or be required to meet, such as net zero greenhouse gas emissions, will require efforts that could significantly increase our costs of operations. 
 
 Risks Relating to Taxation 
 
 U.S. tax reform legislation, various international tax transparency and economic substance initiatives, and possible future tax reform legislation and regulations could materially affect us and our shareholders. 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") Pillar II initiative proposes a global minimum tax rate of 15 amongst its 142 member nations and other adopting countries. On December 20, 2021, the OECD released the final model rules on Pillar II (the Model Rules ), which nations can adopt into local legislation to implement Pillar II on a global basis. 
 Three components of the Model Rules, the Income Inclusion Rule IIR ), the Under-Taxed Profit Rule UTPR ), and the Qualified Domestic Minimum Top up Tax QDMTT could potentially be applicable to our operations: 
 The IIR establishes a global minimum tax in the jurisdiction of the parent company of a multinational enterprise MNE ). There is no current indication that Bermuda intends full implementation of the Model Rules. 
 The UTPR, allows a portion of an MNE s global profits with an effective tax rate below the 15 minimum rate to be taxed by other jurisdictions through an allocation model based on headcount and fixed tangible assets. The Model Rules give flexibility to allow jurisdictions several mechanisms to collect global profits. This includes directly taxing allocated income, reduction in any allowance for equity or by imputing deemed income. 
 The Model Rules also propose that jurisdictions consider implementing a 15 QDMTT, which could qualify in substitution to the IIR, and could preclude other jurisdictions from utilizing the UTPR for taxing local profits. 
 The OECD is targeting the implementation of the IIR by 2024, and UTPR by 2025. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 30 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

On July 20, 2022, the UK government released draft legislation to implement the IIR for accounting periods beginning on or after December 31, 2023. 
 On November 17, 2022, the UK announced its intention to legislate a QDMTT and it is expected that other jurisdictions may follow suit in the coming year. 
 On December 15, 2022, the European Union EU member states unanimously adopted the Minimum Tax Directive, which provides guidance for enacting national legislation for the IIR and UTPR. The IIR will be applicable in EU member states for fiscal years starting on or after December 31, 2023, and the UTPR for fiscal years starting on or after December 31, 2024. 
 How Pillar II impacts our operations will heavily depend on how these rules are ultimately transposed into the local legislation of countries we operate in. Specifically, the planned adoption of the UTPR in the U.K. could have a material impact on our net earnings, which is dependent on how the UTPR is ultimately legislated in the U.K. We continue to monitor legislative changes as it relates to Pillar II and believe that the earliest material impact to the Company will be in 2025. 
 We might incur unexpected U.S., U.K., Australia, or other tax liabilities if companies in our group that are incorporated outside those jurisdictions are determined to be carrying on a trade or business in such jurisdictions. 
 We are currently not subject to tax in Bermuda. Under the Exempted Undertakings Tax Protection Act 1996, we have assurance that any legislation imposing an income, capital, or similar tax before March 31, 2035, will not apply to us. Given limitations imposed under this assurance, we cannot be certain that we will not be subject to tax after March 31, 2035. If our Bermuda profits are subject to tax in Bermuda or any other jurisdiction, this could have a material adverse impact on our business operations. Furthermore, a number of our subsidiaries are companies formed under the laws of Bermuda or other jurisdictions that do not impose income taxes, and it is our contemplation that these companies will not incur substantial income tax liabilities from their operations. Because the operations of these companies generally involve, or relate to, the insurance or reinsurance of risks that arise in higher tax jurisdictions, such as the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia, it is possible that the taxing authorities in those jurisdictions may assert that the activities of one or more of these companies creates a sufficient nexus in that jurisdiction to subject the company to income tax in such jurisdiction. There are uncertainties in how the relevant rules apply to insurance businesses, and in our eligibility for favorable treatment under applicable tax treaties. Accordingly, it is possible that our tax liabilities could be adversely impacted, which could reduce our net earnings. 
 U.S. persons who own our ordinary shares might become subject to adverse U.S. tax consequences as a result of "related person insurance income," if any, of our non-U.S. insurance company subsidiaries. 
 For any of our wholly-owned non-U.S. insurance company subsidiaries, if (1) U.S. persons are treated as owning 25 or more of our shares, (2) the related person insurance income ("RPII") of that subsidiary were to equal or exceed 20 of its gross insurance income in any taxable year, and (3) direct or indirect insureds of that subsidiary (and persons related to such insureds) own (or are treated as owning) 20 or more of the voting power or value of our shares, then a U.S. person who owns our shares directly, or indirectly through non-U.S. entities, on the last day of the taxable year would be required to include in income for U.S. federal income tax purposes that person's pro rata share of the RPII of such a non-U.S. insurance company for the entire taxable year, whether or not any such amounts are actually distributed. While proposed regulations put forth by the United States Department of Treasury and Internal Revenue Service on January 24, 2022 may change some of the ownership thresholds needed to qualify into RPII, we believe that some of the income thresholds above are not likely to be met. However, we cannot assure you that this will be the case. Accordingly, it is possible that a direct or indirect United States shareholder could be required to include amounts in its income in respect to RPII in any taxable year if the proposed regulations are finalized in their current form. We believe that these proposed changes would not affect the gross income threshold described above. These proposed regulations were subject to a 90-day comment period that ended on April 25, 2022. Comments submitted to these proposed regulations requested changes to the proposed regulations to ask that structures such as Enstar's not be subject to these rules. If these proposed regulations are finalized as proposed, they would be effective for tax years ending on or after January 25, 2022. Whether they will be finalized as proposed remains unclear. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 31 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

Risks Relating to Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The amount of statutory capital that we must hold in order to maintain our credit ratings and meet certain regulatory requirements can vary significantly and is sensitive to several factors. 
 Statutory capital requirements for our insurance subsidiaries are prescribed by the applicable insurance regulators in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Insurance regulators have established risk-based capital adequacy measures, such as the Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirement ("BSCR") in Bermuda and the Solvency II regime in the European Union and United Kingdom, which provide minimum solvency and liquidity requirements for insurance companies. The amount of capital that we and/or our insurance subsidiaries are required to hold may increase or decrease depending on a variety of factors including the amount of statutory income or losses generated by our insurance subsidiaries (which is sensitive to equity market and credit market conditions), the amount of statutory capital needed to support future growth through acquisitions, changes in the value of investments, the deterioration of market conditions due to global events, changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as changes to the relevant regulatory capital adequacy measures and frameworks. Our overall liquidity and credit ratings are significantly influenced by the level of statutory capital and surplus in our insurance subsidiaries. If statutory capital requirements increase or if our insurance subsidiaries' solvency decreases, our subsidiaries would be required to hold more capital, and our ability to obtain distributions from these subsidiaries could be limited. If we fail to maintain adequate statutory capital, regulators may restrict our activities and prohibit us and our subsidiaries from completing acquisitions without raising additional capital. Additionally, if our BSCR falls below certain levels, it could trigger counterparty recapture rights and/or additional collateral requirements in certain of our reinsurance agreements. 
 We may require additional capital liquidity in the future that may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms. 
 Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including acquisition and investment activity, our ability to manage the run-off of our assumed liabilities, our ability to establish reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses, and our obligations to satisfy applicable statutory capital requirements. We may need to raise additional capital and liquidity through equity or debt financings. Our ability to secure this financing may be affected by a number of factors, including volatility in the global financial markets, new or incremental tightening in the credit markets, low liquidity and the strength of our capital position and operating results. In addition, an unfavorable change or downgrade of our issuer credit ratings will increase the interest rate or other fees charged under our debt facilities and will make it more expensive for us to access capital markets. Any equity or debt financing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to us, and could limit our strategic, financial and operational flexibility, including as a result of the need to dedicate a greater portion of our cash flows from operations to preferred share dividends and interest and principal payments on our debt financing and to comply with more burdensome covenant restrictions from our various debt and letter of credit facilities. 
 In addition, we may not achieve the desired regulatory capital treatment for any potential issuance of debt or equity securities due to solvency capital eligibility requirements under the Bermuda Insurance (Group Supervision) Rules 2011 (the "Group Supervision Rules") to which we are subject. For example, our outstanding preferred shares and junior subordinated notes qualify as Tier 2 capital and our outstanding senior notes qualify as Tier 3 capital, in accordance with the Group Supervision Rules. For these instruments to continue to receive the intended regulatory capital treatment, their terms must reflect the criteria contained in the Group Supervision Rules and any amendments thereto. If the BMA applies any changes to the Group Supervision Rules governing eligible capital such that our outstanding preferred shares and notes no longer receive their intended capital treatment under the Group Supervision Rules, we may be unable to maintain adequate regulatory capital. If we cannot obtain adequate capital or regulatory credit, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by, among other things, our inability to finance future acquisitions. 
 Our reinsurance subsidiaries are often required to provide collateral to ceding companies pursuant to their reinsurance contracts. Their ability to conduct business could be significantly and negatively affected if they are unable to do so or if any letters of credit posted as collateral cannot be renewed or are drawn upon by a ceding company. 
 Our reinsurance subsidiaries are often required to post collateral in the form of letters of credit, trust funds or other assets to provide security for their reinsurance obligations and to provide ceding companies with statutory credit for such reinsurance. If our reinsurance subsidiaries are unable to post the required collateral or the cost of providing 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 32 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

such collateral materially increases, their operations could be significantly and negatively affected, which in turn could limit our ability to complete new reinsurance transactions on favorable terms or at all, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Depending on multiple factors, our reinsurance subsidiaries may not be able to secure letters of credit to satisfy requirements to post collateral in support of their reinsurance obligations. If our reinsurance subsidiaries cannot post collateral in the form of letters of credit, then our reinsurance subsidiaries will have to post substitute collateral in the form of trust funds or other assets, limiting our ability to invest (and consequently reducing investment income from) such assets and constraining our liquidity, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if the beneficiary of any letter of credit draws funds against the letter of credit, we would be obligated to immediately reimburse the bank that issued the letter of credit the amount of such drawn funds, which could increase our indebtedness and negatively affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 Reinsurers may not satisfy their obligations to our reinsurance subsidiaries, which could result in significant losses or liquidity issues for us. 
 Our reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to credit risk with respect to their reinsurers because the transfer of risk to a reinsurer does not relieve our subsidiaries of their liability to the underlying insured. Reinsurance companies may be negatively impacted or downgraded during difficult financial and economic conditions. In addition, reinsurers may be unwilling to pay our subsidiaries even though they are able to do so, or disputes may arise regarding payment obligations. The failure of one or more of our subsidiaries reinsurers to honor their obligations in a timely fashion may affect our cash flows and liquidity, reduce our net earnings or cause us to incur a significant loss. Disputes with our reinsurers may also result in unforeseen expenses relating to litigation or arbitration proceedings. A reinsurer s inability or unwillingness to honor its obligations may negate the intended risk-reducing impact of our reinsurance. 
 Exposure to reinsurers who represent meaningful percentages of our total reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses may increase the risks described above. For information on reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses, see "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources - Reinsurance Balances Recoverable on Paid and Unpaid Losses." 
 We are dependent on the ability of our subsidiaries to distribute funds to us. 
 We are a holding company and therefore we are dependent on distributions of funds from our operating subsidiaries to fund acquisitions, fulfill normal course financial obligations, including payments on our outstanding notes, and pay dividends to our shareholders, including holders of our preferred shares and, in turn, the related depositary shares. The ability of our reinsurance subsidiaries to make distributions to us may be limited by various business considerations and applicable insurance laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which we operate (which are described in "Item 1. Business - Regulation"). The ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions to us may also be restricted by, among other things, other applicable laws and regulations and the terms of our debt obligations and our subsidiaries debt obligations. If our subsidiaries are restricted from making distributions to us, we may be unable to maintain adequate liquidity to fund acquisitions or fulfill our financial obligations. 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may cause us to experience losses. 
 We maintain a portion of our investments, insurance liabilities and insurance assets denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Consequently, we and our subsidiaries may experience foreign exchange losses, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our reporting currency in our consolidated financial statements is U.S. dollars, therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates used to convert other currencies used by our subsidiaries, particularly Australian dollars, Canadian dollars, British pounds and Euros, into U.S. dollars will impact our reported financial condition, results of operations and cash flows from year to year. 

Risks Relating to our Investments 
 
 The value of our investment portfolios and the investment income that we receive from these portfolios may decline materially as a result of market fluctuations and economic conditions. 
 We derive a significant portion of our income from our invested assets, which consist primarily of investments in fixed income securities. The value of our investments in fixed income securities will generally increase or decrease with changes in interest rates and credit spreads. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 33 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

beyond our control. A rise in interest rates would, all else being equal (i.e., no movement in credit spreads), increase net unrealized losses, which would decline over time as each security approaches maturity. Conversely, a decline in interest rates, all else being equal, would increase net unrealized gains, which would decline over time as each security approaches maturity. Additionally, new investments of cash or the reinvestment of proceeds from sales of securities would be invested at the prevailing interest rates for each security, thereby increasing or decreasing net investment income on those proceeds. The fair market value of fixed income securities can also decrease as a result of a deterioration of the credit quality of those securities. Any perceived decrease in credit quality may cause credit spreads to widen, all else being equal, and this would result in an increase in net unrealized losses, which would decline over time as each security approaches maturity, assuming it does not default. A deterioration of credit quality on our fixed income securities may result in a preference to liquidate these securities in the financial markets. If we liquidate these securities during a period of deteriorating credit conditions, we may realize a significant loss. Although we attempt to take measures to manage the risks of investing in changing interest rate environments, we may not be able to mitigate interest rate sensitivity effectively. For example, as a result of central bank efforts to combat high inflation, interest rates increased dramatically, which contributed to the 1.6 billion of net unrealized losses on our fixed income securities (recorded through the income statement and other comprehensive income) for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, declining market conditions or a perceived decrease in credit quality may cause issuers of the fixed income securities in which we invest to default on their obligations. In addition, we hold public company equity securities. Net investment income and net realized and unrealized gains or losses from our fixed income securities and equity securities could vary materially from expectations depending on general market conditions. For example, we may incur impairment charges resulting from revaluations of debt and equity securities and other investments. Increased volatility in the financial markets and overall economic uncertainty would increase the risk that the actual amounts realized in the future on our financial instruments could differ significantly from the fair values currently assigned to them. 
 Some of our fixed income securities, such as mortgage-based and other asset-backed securities, carry prepayment risk, or the risk that principal will be returned more rapidly or slowly than expected, as a result of interest rate fluctuations. When interest rates decline, consumers tend to make prepayments on their mortgages (often through refinancing), causing us to be repaid more quickly than we might have originally anticipated, meaning that our opportunities to reinvest these proceeds back into the investment markets may be at reduced interest rates (with the converse being true in a rising interest rate environment). Mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities are also subject to default risk on the underlying securitized mortgages, which would decrease the value of our investments. 
 The changes in the market value of our securities that are classified as trading or AFS are reflected in our financial statements. Credit losses on our fixed income securities, AFS are recognized through an allowance account, which is also reflected in our financial statements. As a result, a decline in the value of the securities in our investment portfolios may materially reduce our net income and shareholders equity, and may cause us to incur a significant loss. For more information on our investment portfolios, see "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Investable Assets." 
 Our investments in alternative investments, strategic investments in joint ventures and/or entities accounted for using the equity method may be illiquid and volatile in terms of value and returns. 
 In addition to fixed income securities, we have invested, and may continue to invest, in alternative investments such as hedge funds, fixed income funds, public equity funds, private equity funds and co-investments, CLO equities, CLO equity funds, real estate funds and other alternative investments. In addition, we have invested, and we may continue to make significant investments, in joint ventures and/or entities accounted for using the equity method that we do not control, which may limit our ability to take actions that could protect or increase the value of our investment. These and other similar investments may be illiquid due to restrictions on sales, transfers and redemption terms, may have different, more significant risk characteristics than our investments in fixed income securities and may also have significantly more volatile values and returns, all of which could negatively affect the market value of our investments, our investment income, and our overall portfolio liquidity. Alternative or "other" investments may not meet regulatory admissibility requirements or may result in increased regulatory capital charges to our insurance subsidiaries that hold these investments, which could limit those subsidiaries ability to pay dividends and make capital distributions to us and, consequently, negatively impact our liquidity. For more information on our alternative investments, see "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Investable Assets." 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 34 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

The valuation of our investments may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Fixed maturity and alternative investments, such as hedge funds, fixed income funds, public equity funds, private equity funds and co-investments, CLO equities, CLO equity funds, real estate funds, private credit funds, and infrastructure funds and co-investments represent the majority of our total cash and invested assets. These investments are reported at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet. Fair value prices for all trading and AFS securities in the fixed maturities portfolio are independently provided by our investment accounting service providers, investment managers, fund administrators, and investment custodians, each of which utilize internationally recognized independent pricing services. We record the unadjusted price provided by our investment accounting service providers, managers or custodians. Fair value for our alternative investments is estimated based primarily on the most recently reported net asset values reported by the fund manager. Additionally, for some strategic investments for which we have elected the fair value option, our valuations of these investments are based on internal valuation models and methodologies that are subject to estimates and judgements that can vary from quarter to quarter. 
 These valuation procedures involve estimates and judgments, and during periods of market disruptions (such as periods of significantly volatile interest rate changes, rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity), it may be difficult to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less frequent or market data becomes less observable. In addition, there may be certain asset classes that are now in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to changes in the financial environment. In these cases, the valuation of a greater number of securities in our investment portfolio may require more subjectivity and management judgment. As a result, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation as well as valuation methods that are more sophisticated or require greater estimation, which may result in valuations greater than the value at which the investments could ultimately be sold. Further, rapidly changing and unpredictable credit and equity market conditions could materially affect the valuation of securities carried at fair value as reported within our consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The nature of our liquidity demands and the structure of our investment portfolios may adversely affect the performance of our investment portfolio and financial results, as well as our investing flexibility. 
 We strive to structure the duration of our investments in a manner that recognizes our liquidity needs to satisfy future liabilities. Because of the unpredictable nature of losses and associated collateral provisions that may arise under the reinsurance policies issued by certain of our subsidiaries and as a result of our opportunistic commutation strategy, our liquidity needs can be substantial and may arise at any time. In that regard, we attempt to correlate the maturity and duration of our investment portfolio to our general liability profile. If we are unsuccessful in managing our investment portfolio within the context of this strategy, we may be forced to liquidate our investments at times and at prices that are not optimal, and we may have difficulty liquidating some of our alternative investments due to restrictions on sales, transfers and redemption terms. This could have a material adverse effect on the performance of our investment portfolio. Alternatively, we may experience a different investment income yield if the asset duration is shorter than our liability duration profile which could negatively impact our earnings. 
 We have many individual portfolios of cash and investments from our acquired companies and portfolios. Each investment portfolio has its own regulatory admissibility requirements, and each run-off entity is likely to have negative operating and financing cash flows due to commutation activity, claims settlements and capital distributions. These factors reduce our overall investing flexibility. 

Risks Relating to Laws and Regulations 
 
 Insurance laws and regulations can restrict our ability to operate, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or any investigations, inquiries or demands by government authorities, may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are subject to the insurance laws and regulations in a number of jurisdictions worldwide. Existing laws and regulations, among other things, limit the amount of dividends and capital that can be paid to us by our reinsurance subsidiaries, prescribe solvency and capital adequacy standards, impose restrictions on the amount and type of investments that can be held to meet solvency and capital adequacy requirements, require the maintenance of 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 35 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

reserve liabilities, and require pre-approval of acquisitions, reinsurance transactions and certain affiliate transactions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or to maintain appropriate authorizations, licenses, and/or exemptions under applicable laws and regulations may cause governmental authorities to preclude or suspend our insurance or reinsurance subsidiaries from carrying on some or all of their activities, place one or more of them into rehabilitation or liquidation proceedings, impose monetary penalties or other sanctions on them or our affiliates, or commence insurance company delinquency proceedings against our insurance or reinsurance subsidiaries. The application of these laws and regulations by various governmental authorities may affect our liquidity and restrict our ability to expand our business operations through acquisitions or to pay dividends on our ordinary or preferred shares. Furthermore, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements is likely to result in significant expenses, which could have a negative impact on our profitability. To further understand these regulatory requirements, see "Item 1. Business - Regulation." 
 We believe it is likely there will continue to be regulatory intervention in our industry in the future, and these initiatives could adversely affect our business. Additional laws and regulations have been and may continue to be enacted that may have adverse effects on our operations, financial condition, statutory capital adequacy, and liquidity. For example, in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including Bermuda, there are increased regulations relating to group supervision though cooperation and coordination among insurance regulators regardless of an individual company s domiciliary jurisdiction. The BMA acts as our Group supervisor, as described in "Item 1. Business Regulation." We cannot predict the exact nature, timing or scope of these initiatives; however, we believe it is likely there will continue to be increased regulatory intervention in our industry in the future, and these initiatives could adversely affect our business. 
 Solvency II, the E.U. directive covering the capital adequacy, risk management and regulatory reporting for insurers, requires significant resources to ensure compliance by our European Economic Area EEA companies. Additionally, if our non-EEA subsidiaries engage in insurance or reinsurance business in the EEA, additional capital requirements may be imposed for such companies to continue to insure or reinsure EEA-domiciled risk or cedants if their regulatory regime is not deemed to have Solvency II equivalence. Bermuda has gained Solvency II equivalence, and our Bermuda reinsurers are subject to requirements in line with a Solvency II framework. Continued compliance with Solvency II and similar laws and regulations will result in additional costs for us. 
 Our U.K.-based insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries consist of wholly-owned run-off companies that are authorized and regulated by the U.K. Regulator. Our U.K. run-off subsidiaries may not underwrite new business without the approval of the U.K. Regulator. In addition, our Lloyd s operations are subject to authorization and regulation by the U.K. Regulator and compliance with the Lloyd s Act(s) and Bylaws and regulations, as well as the applicable provisions of the FSMA. The Council of Lloyd s has wide discretionary powers to regulate its members, and its exercise of these powers might affect the return on an investment of the corporate member in a given underwriting year. Business plans, including maximum underwriting capacity, for Lloyd s syndicates require annual approval by the Lloyd s Franchise Board. Continued compliance with the rules of the PRA, Lloyd s and similar regulators will result in additional costs for us. 
 Our business is subject to laws and regulations relating to sanctions and foreign corrupt practices, the violation of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are legally required to comply with all applicable economic sanctions, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate. U.S. laws and regulations applicable to our U.S. subsidiaries include the economic trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, as well as certain laws administered by the U.S. Department of State. New sanction regimes may be initiated, or existing sanctions expanded, at any time, which can impact our business activities. In addition, our companies are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws such as the Bermuda Bribery Act and the U.K. Bribery Act that generally bar corrupt payments or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. Although we have policies and controls in place that are designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, it is possible that an employee or intermediary could fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations. In such event, we could be exposed to civil penalties, criminal penalties and other sanctions, including fines or other punitive actions. Such civil or criminal penalties, sanctions, fines or other punitive actions, and the possibility of resulting damage to our business and/or reputation, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 36 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

Risks Relating to our Operations 
 
 We are dependent on our executive officers, directors and other key personnel and the loss of any of these individuals could adversely affect our business. 
 Our success depends on the ability of our senior management and other key employees to implement our strategy and operate our business. For example, our ability to source run-off acquisitions is critical to our business, and is in part dependent on the relationships of our senior management and other key personnel. The loss of their services or the services of other key personnel, or the loss of the services of or our relationships with any of our directors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Some of our directors, large shareholders and their affiliates have interests and/or other involvement with entities that can create conflicts of interest through related party transactions. 
 We have participated in transactions, investments and investment management arrangements in which one or more of our directors, large shareholders or their affiliates has an interest, and we may continue to do so in the future. Refer to Note 23 to our consolidated financial statements for further disclosure on these arrangements. In addition, some of our directors, large shareholders or their affiliates from time to time have ownership interests or other involvement with entities that compete against us or otherwise have interests that could, at times, be considered potentially adverse to us, either in the pursuit of acquisition targets, investments or in our business operations. The interests of our directors, large shareholders or their affiliates in related party transactions or competitive businesses may create the potential for, or result in, conflicts of interests. 
 Cybersecurity events or other difficulties with our information technology systems could disrupt our business, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, increased costs, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. 
 We rely heavily on the successful, uninterrupted functioning of our information technology systems, as well as those of any outsourced service providers, including third-party administrators and investment managers. We rely on these systems to securely and accurately process, store, and transmit confidential and other data in connection with our critical operational functions such as paying claims, performing actuarial and other modeling, pricing, quoting and processing policies, cash and investment management, acquisition analysis, financial reporting and other necessary support functions. Our information may also be exposed to the risk of a data breach or cyber-security incident through a breach or failure of our systems or a breach or failure of the systems of third parties where we rely on such parties for outsourced functions or services. A failure of our information technology systems or those of our third-party service providers could materially impact our ability to perform the critical functions described above, affect the confidentiality, availability or integrity of our proprietary information and expose us to litigation and increase our administrative expenses. 
 Computer viruses, cyber-attacks, phishing scams and other external hazards, as well as any internal process or employee failures, could expose our information technology systems to security breaches that may cause critical data to be corrupted or confidential or proprietary information to be exposed, cause system disruptions or shut-downs, or expose us to financial fraud. In addition to our own information, we receive and may be responsible for protecting confidential or personal information of ceding companies, policyholders, employees, and other third parties, which could also be compromised in the event of a security breach. In addition, many of our employees work remotely, and we are therefore more dependent on our information technology systems and the continued access by our employees and service providers to reliable and secure internet and telecommunications systems. If these systems do not function effectively or are disrupted due to heightened demand, cybersecurity attacks and data security incidents, or for any other related reason, it would negatively impact our ability to settle claims efficiently, complete acquisitions, integrate our acquired businesses, manage our investments, or otherwise conduct our business. 
 Although we utilize numerous controls, protections and risk management strategies to attempt to mitigate these risks, and management has not detected a material cyber-security incident to date, the sophistication and volume of these security threats continues to increase. In addition, the escalation of geopolitical tensions, such as those caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine, could result in heightened cybersecurity threats. We may not have the technical expertise or resources to successfully prevent every data breach or cyber-security incident. The potential consequences of a data breach or cyber-security incident could include claims against us, significant reputational damage to our company, damage to our business as a result of disclosure of proprietary information, and regulatory action against us, which may include fines and penalties. Such an incident could cause us to lose business and 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 37 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

commit resources, management time and money to remediate these breaches and notify aggrieved parties, any of which in turn could have an adverse impact on our business. We may also experience increasing costs associated with implementing and maintaining adequate safeguards against these types of incidents and attacks. 
 In addition, the information security and data privacy regulatory environment is increasingly demanding. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions governing the protection of the personal and confidential information of our clients and/or employees, including in relation to medical records and financial information. These laws and regulations are rapidly expanding, increasing in complexity and sometimes conflict between jurisdictions. For example, the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") creates rights for individuals to control their personal data and sets forth the requirements with which companies handling the personal data of E.U.-based data subjects have to comply (regardless of whether such data handling involves E.U.-based operations). We are also subject to the GDPR through our handling of the personal data of E.U.-based subjects in connection with our ordinary course operations. If any person, including any of our employees or those with whom we share such information, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to our client data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions, including as a result of a violation of the GDPR. 
 If outsourced providers such as third-party administrators, investment managers or other service providers were to breach their obligations to us, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We outsource certain business functions to third-party providers, and these providers may not perform as anticipated or may fail to adhere to their obligations to us. For example, certain of our subsidiaries rely on relationships with a number of third-party administrators under contracts pursuant to which these third-party administrators manage and pay claims on our subsidiaries behalf and advise with respect to case reserves. In these relationships, we rely on controls incorporated in the provisions of the administration agreement, as well as on the administrator s internal controls, to manage the claims process within our prescribed parameters. We also rely on external investment managers to provide services pursuant to the terms of our investment management agreements, including following established investment guidelines. Although we monitor these administrators and investment managers on an ongoing basis, we do not control them, and our service providers could exceed their authorities or otherwise breach their obligations to us, which, if material, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. For example, a third-party investment manager may breach our investment guidelines and expose us to risk beyond our prescribed tolerances, which could have an immediate negative financial impact. We may also be negatively impacted if third-party administrators mishandle claims, fail to administer claims effectively or efficiently, fail to maintain accurate books and records, or fail to comply with laws or regulations. 

Risks Relating to Ownership of our Shares 
 
 The market price for our securities may experience volatility, which could cause a potential loss of value to our investors, and our ordinary shares are thinly traded, so the market value of our ordinary shares may decline if large numbers of shares are sold. 
 The market price for our ordinary shares and for the depositary shares representing our preferred shares may fluctuate substantially and could cause investment losses due to a number of factors. Such factors could include: announcements with respect to a specific acquisition or investment; changes in the value of our assets; our financial condition, performance and prospects; changes in projected inflation and interest rates; changes in general conditions in the economy and the insurance industry; economic, financial, geopolitical, regulatory or judicial events that affect us or the financial markets generally; changes in management; and adverse press or news announcements. For the depositary shares representing our preferred shares, such factors could also include: whether dividends have been declared on the preferred shares; whether the ratings on such depositary shares provided by any ratings agency have changed; changes in our credit ratings; our total outstanding indebtedness; the level, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally; and the market for similar securities. 
 Our ordinary shares have in the past been, and may continue to be, thinly traded, and significant sales could adversely affect the market price for our ordinary shares and impair our ability to raise capital through offerings of our equity securities. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 38 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

A few significant shareholders may influence or control the direction of our business. If the ownership of our ordinary shares continues to be highly concentrated, it may limit the ability of other shareholders to influence significant corporate decisions. 
 The interests of certain significant shareholders, including those that may be affiliated with members of our Board of Directors (our Board ), may not be fully aligned with those of other shareholders, which could lead to a strategy that is not in such other shareholders best interests. As of December 31, 2022, the Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board CPPIB ), funds managed by Stone Point Capital LLC and its affiliates, Beck Mack Oliver, and three of Enstar's executive officers (collectively) directly beneficially owned 9.4 , 9.7 , 4.3 and 5.6 , respectively, of our outstanding voting ordinary shares. CPPIB directly owns additional non-voting ordinary shares that, together with its voting shares, represented an economic interest of 17.2 as of December 31, 2022. In addition, CPPIB Epsilon Ontario Trust, an affiliate of CPPIB, is the general partner CPPIB Epsilon Ontario Limited Partnership, which indirectly beneficially owns 4.6 of our outstanding voting ordinary shares. Although they do not act as a group, these shareholders may exercise significant influence over matters requiring shareholder approval, and their concentrated holdings may delay or deter possible changes in control of Enstar, which may reduce the market price of our ordinary shares. 
 Some aspects of our corporate structure and certain regulatory limitations may discourage third-party takeovers and other transactions or prevent the removal of our Board and management. 
 Some provisions of our bye-laws have the effect of making more difficult or discouraging unsolicited takeover bids from third parties or preventing the removal of our current board of directors and management. For example, our bye-laws contain restrictions on the ability of shareholders to (i) nominate persons to serve as directors, (ii) remove directors, (iii) submit resolutions to a shareholder vote, and (iv) request special general meetings. Also, a merger or amalgamation would have to be approved by three-fourths of our voting ordinary shares to take effect. In addition, our Board may limit a shareholder s exercise of voting rights or to register a transfer of ordinary shares where it deems it necessary to do so to avoid adverse tax, legal or regulatory consequences. Our Board may also decline to register a transfer of shares unless all applicable consents, authorizations, permissions or approvals of any governmental body or agency in Bermuda and other applicable jurisdictions required to be obtained prior to such transfer shall have been obtained. We also have the authority under our bye-laws to reasonably request information from any shareholder for the purpose of determining whether a shareholder s voting rights are to be limited pursuant to the bye-laws, and if a shareholder is unable to do so, we may eliminate the shareholder s voting rights. 
 Insurance laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our insurance or reinsurance subsidiaries operate require prior notices or regulatory approval of changes in control of an insurer or its holding company. Different jurisdictions define changes in control differently, and generally any purchaser of 10 or more of the vote or value of our ordinary shares could become subject to regulation and be required to file certain notices and reports with the applicable insurance authorities. These laws and the aspects of our corporate structure outlined above may discourage potential acquisition proposals or prevent the removal of members of our Board and management and may delay, deter or prevent a change in control of us. To the extent these provisions discourage takeover attempts, they may deprive shareholders of opportunities to realize takeover premiums for their shares or may depress the market price of the shares. 
 Bermuda Law differs from the laws in effect in the United States. Shareholders who own our shares may have more difficulty protecting their interests than shareholders of a U.S. corporation. 
 We are organized under the laws of Bermuda, and as a result our shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests than shareholders of a U.S corporation. For example: 
 class actions and derivative actions are generally not available to shareholders under Bermuda law; 
 under Bermuda law, only shareholders holding collectively 5 or more of our outstanding ordinary shares or groups of shareholders numbering 100 or more are entitled to propose a resolution at our general meeting; 
 a substantial portion of our assets and certain of our directors and officers and their assets are located outside of the United States and as a result investors may have difficulty (i) effecting service of process within the United States or (ii) recovering against us or these directors and officers on judgments of U.S. courts; 
 no claim may be brought in Bermuda against us or our directors and officers for violations of U.S. federal securities laws, as such laws do not have force of law in Bermuda; 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 39 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. | Risk Factors 

there is no treaty in effect between the United States and Bermuda providing for the enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts, and there are grounds upon which Bermuda courts may not enforce judgments of U.S. courts; and 
 some remedies available under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including U.S. federal securities laws, may be prohibited in Bermuda courts as contrary to Bermuda s public policy. 
 Certain regulatory and other constraints may limit our ability to pay dividends on our securities, and dividends on our preferred shares are non-cumulative. 
 We do not currently intend to pay a cash dividend on our ordinary shares. If our Board decided to commence a dividend program in the future, we are subject to significant regulatory and other constraints that affect our ability to pay dividends and make other distributions on our ordinary and preferred shares. For example, under the Bermuda Companies Act, we may declare or pay a dividend or distribution out of contributed surplus only if we have reasonable grounds to believe that we are, and would after the payment be, able to meet our liabilities as they become due or that the realizable value of our assets would thereby not be less than our liabilities. In addition, as described above under Risks Relating to Liquidity and Capital Resources, we are a holding company that is dependent upon distributions from our operating subsidiaries for liquidity, which may not be available. 
 Dividends on our preferred shares are non-cumulative and payable only out of available funds under Bermuda law. If our Board (or a duly authorized committee thereof) does not authorize and declare a dividend for any dividend period, holders of our preferred shares and, in turn, the depositary shares representing preferred shares, would not be entitled to receive any such dividend, and such unpaid dividend will not accrue and will not be payable at any time. We will have no obligation to pay dividends for a dividend period on or after the dividend payment date for such period if our Board has not declared such dividend before the related dividend payment date, whether or not dividends are declared for any subsequent dividend period with respect to any outstanding preferred shares and/or our ordinary shares. 
 Our ordinary and preferred shares are subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness and our ordinary shares rank junior to our outstanding preferred shares. 
 Our preferred shares are equity interests and do not constitute indebtedness. As such, our preferred shares, in addition to our ordinary shares, will rank junior to all of our indebtedness and other non-equity claims with respect to assets available to satisfy our claims, including in our liquidation. Our preferred shares are also contractually subordinated in right of payment to all obligations of our subsidiaries, including all existing and future policyholder obligations of our subsidiaries. Additionally, neither our ordinary shares nor our preferred shares represent an interest in any of our subsidiaries, and accordingly, are structurally subordinated to all obligations of our subsidiaries. Further, in the event of our liquidation, winding up or dissolution, our ordinary shares rank junior to our outstanding preferred shares. In such an event, there may not be sufficient assets remaining after payments to holders of our outstanding preferred shares to ensure payments to holders of our ordinary shares. 
 There is no limitation on our issuance of securities that rank equally with or senior to the preferred shares. 
 We may issue, without limitation, (1) additional depositary shares representing additional preferred shares that would form part of one of the series of depositary shares representing our outstanding preferred shares, and (2) additional series of securities that rank equally with or senior to the outstanding preferred shares. The issuance of additional preferred shares on par with or senior to the outstanding preferred shares would dilute the interests of the holders of our preferred shares, and any issuance of preferred shares senior to our outstanding preferred shares or of additional indebtedness could affect our ability to pay dividends on, redeem or pay the liquidation preference on our preferred shares, or to make payments to holders of our ordinary shares from remaining assets of the Company, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Enstar. 
 The voting rights of holders of our preferred shares and, in turn, the depositary shares representing our preferred shares are limited. 
 Holders of our outstanding preferred shares and, in turn, the depositary shares representing the preferred shares have no voting rights with respect to matters that generally require the approval of voting shareholders. In addition, if dividends on any of our outstanding preferred shares have not been declared or paid for the equivalent of six dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, holders of the outstanding preferred shares and, in turn, the depositary shares, will, subject to the terms and conditions contained in the certificates of designation governing the preferred shares, be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to our Board. The holders shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights if and when dividends for at least four dividend 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 40 

Table of Contents 

periods, whether or not consecutive, following a nonpayment event have been paid in full (or declared and a sum sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside). In addition, holders of the depositary shares must act through the depositary to exercise any voting rights in respect of the preferred shares. Although each depositary share is entitled to 1/1,000th of a vote, the depositary can vote only whole preferred shares. While the depositary will vote the maximum number of whole preferred shares in accordance with the instructions it receives, any remaining votes of holders of the depositary shares will not be voted. 
 We have no obligation to maintain any listing of the depositary shares representing our outstanding preferred shares. 
 Although the depositary shares representing our outstanding preferred shares are listed on NASDAQ, such listings may not provide significant liquidity, and transaction costs in any secondary market could be high. The difference between bid and ask prices in any secondary market could be substantial. As a result, holders of depositary shares representing our preferred shares (which do not have a maturity date) may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the depositary shares representing preferred shares for an indefinite period. In addition, we undertake no obligation, and expressly disclaim any obligation, to maintain the listing of the depositary shares representing our preferred shares on NASDAQ or any other stock exchange. If we elect to discontinue the listing at any time or the depositary shares representing the preferred shares otherwise are not listed on an applicable stock exchange, the dividends paid after the delisting would not constitute qualified dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes (as dividends paid by a Bermuda corporation are qualified dividend income only if the stock with respect to which the dividends are paid is readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States). 
 A classification of the depositary shares representing our preferred shares by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners may impact U.S. insurance companies that purchase our preferred shares. 
 The NAIC may, in its discretion, classify securities in U.S. insurers portfolios as debt, preferred equity or common equity instruments. The NAIC s written guidelines for classifying securities as debt, preferred equity or common equity include subjective factors that require the relevant NAIC examiner to exercise substantial judgment. There is therefore a risk that the depositary shares representing our preferred shares may be classified by the NAIC as common equity instead of preferred equity. The NAIC classification determines the amount of risk-based capital RBC charges incurred by insurance companies in connection with an investment in a security. Securities classified as common equity by the NAIC carry RBC charges that can be significantly higher than the RBC requirement for debt or preferred equity. Therefore, any classification of the depositary shares representing our preferred shares as common equity may adversely affect U.S. insurance companies that hold depositary shares representing our preferred shares. In addition, a determination by the NAIC to classify the depositary shares representing our preferred shares as common equity may adversely impact the trading of the depositary shares representing our preferred shares in the secondary market. 
 Our preferred shares are subject to our rights of redemption. 
 Our preferred shares are redeemable pursuant to the terms set forth in the certificate of designations governing such series. Whenever we redeem preferred shares held by the depositary, the depositary will, as of the same redemption date, redeem the number of depositary shares representing preferred shares so redeemed. We have no obligation to redeem or repurchase the preferred shares under any circumstances. If the preferred shares are redeemed by us, you may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at a similar return on your investment. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 41 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We renew and enter into new leases in the ordinary course of our business. We lease office space in Hamilton, Bermuda, where our principal executive office is located. We also lease office space in a number of U.S. states, the United Kingdom, Australia and several Continental European countries. We believe that this office space is sufficient for us to conduct our current operations for the foreseeable future, although in connection with future acquisitions from time to time, we may expand to different locations or increase space to support any such growth. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 25 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 42 

Table of Contents 
 Item 5 | Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information and Number of Holders 
 
 Our ordinary voting shares are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "ESGR." There is no established trading market for our non-voting ordinary shares. On February 27, 2023, there were 1,196 shareholders of record of our voting ordinary shares and one shareholder of record of our non-voting ordinary shares. This is not the number of beneficial owners of our voting ordinary shares as some shares are held in street name by brokers and others on behalf of individual owners. 
 
 Dividend Information 
 
 Historically, we have not declared a dividend on our ordinary shares. Our strategy is to retain earnings and invest distributions from our operating subsidiaries into our business. However, we may re-evaluate this strategy from time to time based on overall market conditions and other factors. Any payment of dividends must be approved by our Board. Furthermore, our ability to pay dividends is subject to certain restrictions. 3,4 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table provides information about ordinary shares acquired by the Company during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Maximum Number (or Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Program (1) 
 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Beginning dollar amount available to be repurchased 95 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 95 
 (1) In May 2022, our Board authorized the repurchase of up to 200 million of our ordinary shares (the 2022 Repurchase Program ), which is effective through May 5, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining capacity under the 2022 Repurchase Program was 95 million. 
 
 3 Described in Note 24 to our consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 4 For information on dividends on our preferred shares refer to Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 43 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 
 The following performance graph compares the cumulative total return on our ordinary shares with the cumulative total return on the S P 500 Index and the S P Property Casualty Insurance Index for the period that commenced December 31, 2017 and ended on December 31, 2022. 
 The performance graph shows the value as of December 31 of each calendar year of 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in our ordinary shares, and the indices listed above, assuming the reinvestment of dividends. Returns have been weighted to reflect relative market capitalization. This information is not necessarily indicative of future returns. 
 Indexed Returns (2) for Years Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Enstar (1) 100.00 83.47 103.04 102.06 123.33 115.09 S P 500 Index (1) 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P Property Casualty Index (1) 100.00 95.31 119.97 128.31 153.05 181.93 
 (1) Source: S P Global Market Intelligence 
 (2) 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 44 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Operational Highlights 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. 
 Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or included elsewhere in this annual report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements", "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this annual report. 
 Table of Contents 
 Section Page Operational Highlights 
 45 
 Consolidated Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 47 
 Underwriting Results 
 53 
 Investment Results 
 58 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 62 
 Key Performance Measures 
 51 
 New Business 
 63 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 64 
 Other Financial Measures 
 71 
 Results of Operations by Segment for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 72 
 Run-off Segment 
 73 
 Assumed Life Segment 
 75 
 Investments Segment 
 76 
 Legacy Underwriting Segment 
 80 
 Corporate and Other 
 81 
 Current Outlook 
 83 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 86 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 94 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 45 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Operational Highlights 

Operational Highlights 

Our consolidated results for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect our continued progress on providing capital release solutions to our clients by acquiring and managing their run-off portfolios. 
 During 2022 we: 
 Assumed 3.9 billion of Loss Reserves from Run-off Transactions, including 3.1 billion from Aspen 
 
 In May 2022, we completed a loss portfolio transfer LPT transaction with Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited Aspen with respect to 3.1 billion of net loss reserves, subject to a limit of 3.6 billion. Our existing ADC with Aspen, which had acquired reserves of 782 million and closed in June 2020, was absorbed into this LPT. 
 As a result of this LPT transaction, we assumed an incremental 1.9 billion of net loss reserves with a diverse mix of property, liability and specialty lines of business, in exchange for incremental premium of 1.8 billion 5 , and assumed claims control. 
 In August 2022, we closed a LPT transaction with Probitas Managing Agency Limited Probitas and assumed 61 million of net loss reserves with respect to the 2018 and prior year of account exposures of Probitas managed Syndicate 1492 which cover general liability and financial risks underwritten worldwide. The LPT converted into a reinsurance to close RITC effective January 1, 2023 following regulatory approvals. 
 In November 2022, we closed a LPT transaction with a wholly owned subsidiary of Argo Group International Holdings, Ltd. Argo covering a number of its direct U.S. casualty insurance portfolios, including construction, for accident years 2011 to 2019. 
 At closing, we assumed 718 million of Argo s net loss reserves in exchange for premium of 631 million, and recorded 93 million of DCA. 
 Substantially Completed the Unwind of Enhanzed Re s Reinsurance Transactions 
 
 In June 2022, Enhanzed Re paid a 200 million dividend, of which 150 million was retained by the Company, and 50 million was paid to Allianz SE Allianz in respect of its ownership interest in Enhanzed Re. 
 Following the completion of our strategic review of Enhanzed Re earlier this year, in August 2022, we entered into a Master Agreement with Allianz through which we agreed to a series of transactions 6 that allowed us to unwind the Enhanzed Re reinsurance transactions in an orderly manner. 
 Enhanzed Re completed and recognized the following transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Commuted the catastrophe reinsurance business with Allianz, resulting in the recognition of a favorable commutation gain of 59 million; and 
 Repaid the 70 million, in aggregate principal, of subordinated notes issued by Enhanzed Re to an affiliate of Allianz. 
 In November 2022, Enhanzed Re completed a novation of the reinsurance closed block of life annuity policies to Monument Re Limited Monument Re ). We settled the life liabilities and the related assets at carrying value in return for cash consideration as of the closing date. As at September 30, 2022, the carrying value of the life liabilities and related assets was 1.2 billion and 980 million, respectively, which would be recorded as 328 million 7 of other income if measured as of this date. 
 Our net earnings attributable to Enstar will be reduced by the amount attributable to Allianz s 24.9 noncontrolling interest in Enhanzed Re at the time of the transaction and a portion of our other income recorded will be subject to deferral over the expected settlement period for the life annuity policies to 
 
 5 Refer to New Business section for further details. 
 6 Refer to Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 7 The 328 million of other income will consist of the gain or loss on the novation transaction and the impact of the realization of AOCI relating to the adoption of the LDTI standard which was retrospectively applied as of the January 1, 2023 adoption date. Refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 46 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

account for our pre-existing 20 ownership interest in Monument Re, resulting in an expected overall increase in our first quarter 2023 net earnings of 197 million from the novation. 
 Activity for the period from October 1, 2022 to November 7, 2022 will impact the amount of other income and net earnings recorded. 
 On December 28, 2022, Enhanzed Re repurchased the entire 24.9 ownership interest Allianz held in Enhanzed Re for 174 million. The purchase price will be subject to a post-closing adjustment based on the final net book value of Enhanzed Re as of December 31, 2022. Following the completion of this transaction, Enhanzed Re became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enstar. 
 The final impact of the novation and the share repurchase will be reflected in our first quarter 2023 results, as we report the results of Enhanzed Re on a one quarter reporting lag. 
 Executed Capital Transactions 
 
 We completed a 500 million junior subordinated notes offering in January 2022, the net proceeds of which were primarily used to fund the payment at maturity of the outstanding 280 million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes, which matured in March 2022. 
 We repurchased 697,580 voting ordinary shares during the year ended December 31, 2022 for an aggregate 163 million, representing an average price per share of 233.92. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we utilized 105 million of the 200 million authorized under the 2022 Repurchase Program and the remaining 59 million authorized under the 2021 Repurchase Program to repurchase our ordinary shares. There were no share repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 47 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Consolidated Results of Operations - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Primary GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use the following GAAP measures to manage the company and monitor our performance: 
 Net earnings and net earnings attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders, which collectively provide a measure of our performance focusing on underwriting, investment and expense results; 
 Comprehensive income attributable to Enstar, which provides a measure of the total return, including unrealized investment gains and losses on investments, as well as other elements of other comprehensive income; 
 Book value per share BVPS ), which we use to measure the value of our company over time; 
 Return on equity ROE ), which measures our profitability by dividing our earnings attributable to the company by our shareholders equity; 
 Total investment return TIR ), which measures the rate of return we obtain, both realized and unrealized, on our investments; and 
 Run-off liability earnings RLE and RLE , which measure both the dollar amount of prior period development we achieve on managing our acquired portfolios (RLE) and the percentage rate of return we obtain on managing our run-off liabilities by dividing our prior period net incurred losses and LAE by our average net loss reserves (RLE ). 
 We amended our calculation of TIR to include the unrealized gains (losses), net of reclassification adjustments and excluding foreign exchange on our AFS securities, included within other comprehensive income OCI ). We believe this represents a better measure of total investment return, and eliminates the discrepancy between the numerator and denominator, whereby the fair value of AFS securities includes any unrealized gains (losses) in AOCI. The change in the calculation was applied to all periods presented herein. 
 Effective December 31, 2022, we voluntarily changed our accounting policy for calculating the amortization of our DCAs and retrospectively applied this change to all applicable prior period financial statement information. As of January 1, 2020, the cumulative effect of this change resulted in a 158 million increase to retained earnings. The favorable impacts to net earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 163 million, 65 million and 4 million, respectively. 
 We regard DCA as an adjustment to the liabilities that we acquire and record at book value. As a result, DCA reflects the time value of money difference between the premium received and liabilities recorded. As a result of the change: 
 We no longer adjust DCA amortization as if any change in ultimates losses were known on inception; and 
 We have removed DCA amortization from our measures of RLE and RLE as we now view DCA as a separate overall cost of the acquisition of the contract. The change in the calculation was applied to all prior periods presented herein. 
 Further information on this change in accounting principle can be found in Note 2 and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 48 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth certain consolidated financial information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 / pp Change 2020 / pp Change (in millions of U.S. dollars) Underwriting Results Net premiums earned 66 245 (179) 572 (327) Net incurred losses and LAE Current period 48 172 (124) 405 (233) Prior Period (756) (403) (353) (32) (371) Total net incurred losses and LAE (708) (231) (477) 373 (604) Policyholder benefit expenses 25 (3) 28 (3) Amortization of net deferred charge assets 80 55 25 39 16 Acquisition costs 23 57 (34) 171 (114) Investment Results Net investment income 455 312 143 303 9 Net realized (losses) gains (135) (61) (74) 19 (80) Net unrealized (losses) gains (1,479) 178 (1,657) 1,623 (1,445) (Loss) earnings from equity method investments (74) 93 (167) 239 (146) General and administrative expenses 331 367 (36) 502 (135) NET (LOSS) EARNINGS (945) 553 (1,498) 1,731 (1,178) NET (LOSS) EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS (906) 502 (1,408) 1,723 (1,221) COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR (1,429) 440 (1,869) 1,832 (1,392) GAAP measures: BVPS 246.20 329.20 (83.00) 293.97 35.23 ROE (15.6) 7.9 (23.5) pp 38.4 (30.5) pp RLE 6.3 3.9 2.4 pp 0.4 3.5 pp TIR (9.0) 2.0 (11.0) pp 14.6 (12.6) pp Non-GAAP measures: Adjusted BVPS 243.09 323.43 (80.34) 288.56 34.87 Adjusted ROE (1.1) 10.1 (11.2) pp 41.9 (31.8) pp Adjusted RLE 3.9 3.6 0.3 pp 3.5 0.1 pp Adjusted TIR (0.2) 3.6 (3.8) pp 12.4 (8.8) pp 
 pp - Percentage point(s) 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 Overall Results 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 versus 2021: 
 Net loss attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders was 906 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which compares to net income of 502 million from 2021, as a result of: 
 Negative investment results (sum of net investment income, net realized (losses) gains, net unrealized (losses) gains and (loss) earnings for equity method investments) of 1.2 billion compared to favorable investment results of 522 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by: 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 49 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Net realized and unrealized losses of 1.6 billion, primarily related to fixed income assets, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net gains of 117 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Rising interest rates across U.S., U.K. and European markets, in addition to widening investment grade credit spreads led to the net losses on our fixed income securities, and global equity market declines and widening high yield and leveraged loan credit spreads led to the net losses on our other investments, including equities. 
 Losses from equity method investments of 74 million compared to earnings of 93 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 further contributed to the decrease in our earned investment returns, primarily as a result of recognizing a 52 million other-than-temporary impairment relating to the carrying value of one of our equity method investments and consolidating Enhanzed Re effective September 1, 2021. Prior to that date, the results of Enhanzed Re were recorded in earnings from equity method investments within the Investments segment. Our earnings relating to Enhanzed Re prior to the consolidation in 2021 were 82 million. 
 This was partially offset by an increase in net investment income of 143 million due to investment of new premium, reinvestment of maturing investments at higher yields and fixed income securities with floating rates which reset at higher rates of interest income. 
 A net gain on purchase and sales of subsidiaries of 73 million in 2021, primarily driven by the bargain purchase gain recognized on the step acquisition of Enhanzed Re and a net gain on sales of subsidiaries of 26 million. 
 Lower net earned premiums of 179 million, partially due to placing our Starstone International business into run-off in mid-2020. 
 This was partially offset by: 
 Reduced total expenses of 477 million as a result of the combination of: 
 Reductions of 124 million in current period net incurred losses and LAE and 34 million in acquisition costs as a result of largely exiting or placing into run-off our active underwriting platforms, including StarStone International; 
 An increase in favorable development in net incurred losses and LAE for prior periods of 353 million, primarily driven by a change in fair value of our 2017 and 2018 portfolios where we elected the fair value option and reductions in estimates of net ultimate losses. This resulted in RLE of 6.3 in 2022 in comparison to RLE of 3.9 in 2021; in addition to 
 A reduction of 36 million in general and administrative expenses primarily driven by reductions to long-term incentive plan costs and a decrease in IT costs as a result of reduced project activity, partially offset by the absence of a proportional reduction in accrued performance-based costs which were recorded in the comparative period. 
 The above factors contributed to our 2022 net loss of 945 million as compared to 2021 net earnings of 553 million. 
 Comprehensive loss attributable to Enstar was 1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to comprehensive income of 440 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The variance was primarily due to an increase in unrealized losses on our fixed income securities, AFS, as a result of rising interest rates. The unrealized losses on our fixed income securities, AFS, combined with our investment results, contributed to an unfavorable TIR of (9.0) in 2022, in comparison to a TIR of 2.0 in 2021. 
 BVPS decreased by 25.2 primarily as a result of comprehensive loss attributable to Enstar of 1.4 billion. 
 As a result of the current period net loss and comprehensive loss attributable to Enstar described above, our ROE decreased by 23.5 pp. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 50 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 versus 2020: 
 Net earnings attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders decreased by 1.2 billion from 1.7 billion in 2020 to 502 million in 2021 , as a result of: 
 Reduced investment results of 1.7 billion, driven by significant outperformance by our investments in 2020, during which period we had net unrealized gains of 1.6 billion not repeated in 2021. In 2021, we redeemed and liquidated the InRe Fund, which provided 1.2 billion of unrealized gains in 2020, and our other investments, including equities, were impacted by reduced U.S. and Chinese equity market returns combined with rising interest rates. 
 Lower net premiums earned of 327 million, primarily relating to our legacy underwriting business which we exited in 2020 . In 2021 , we continued to earn premium from our Run-off segment relating to our AmTrust RITC transactions and StarStone International business, which was put into run-off effective June 2020 and transferred to the Run-off segment effective January 1, 2021. 
 Decreased other income of 98 million, primarily from reduced favorable experience with our defendant A E liabilities. 
 This was partially offset by: 
 The net gain on purchase and sales of subsidiaries of 73 million, which was driven by a bargain purchase gain associated with our step acquisition of Enhanzed Re. 
 Reduced total expenses of 858 million as a result of the combination of: 
 the exit of our legacy underwriting businesses resulting in a reduction of 349 million in current period net incurred losses and LAE, 138 million in acquisition costs and 148 million in general and administrative costs within the Legacy Underwriting segment; in addition to 
 an increase in favorable development in net incurred losses and LAE of 371 million, primarily driven by a change in fair value of our 2017 and 2018 portfolios where we elected the fair value option. This improved our RLE to 3.9 in 2021 compared to 0.4 in 2020. 
 The reductions in income and operating expenses described above resulted in a 1.2 billion decrease in net earnings from 1.7 billion to 553 million. 
 Comprehensive income attributable to Enstar decreased by 1.4 billion from 1.8 billion in 2020 to 440 million in 2021 due an increase in unrealized losses on our fixed income securities, AFS as a result of rising interest rates. The unrealized losses on our fixed income securities, AFS, combined with the unfavorable movement in our investment results, contributed to our TIR of 2.0 for 2021 which was significantly lower than our TIR of 14.6 for 2020 . 
 BVPS increased by 12.0 as a result of repurchasing 18.6 of our ordinary shares at a 24.0 discount to book value, combined with comprehensive income attributable to Enstar of 440 million for 2021. 
 Overall, our ROE decreased by 30.5 pp. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 51 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

Overall Measures of Performance 
 
 BVPS and Adjusted BVPS 
 BVPS and Adjusted BVPS decreased by 25.2 and 24.8 , respectively, from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, primarily due to realized and unrealized investment losses of 1.8 billion (recorded through the income statement and other comprehensive income) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ROE and Adjusted ROE 

2022 versus 2021 
 ROE decreased by 23.5 pp primarily due to the components in the following diagram: 
 Adjusted ROE decreased by 11.2 pp, as it excludes the impact of net realized and unrealized losses on fixed income securities. 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 52 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

2021 versus 2020 
 ROE decreased by 30.5 pp primarily due to the components in the following diagram: 
 
 Adjusted ROE decreased by 31.8 pp, as the impact of excluding the favorable change in the interest rate components of the valuation of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option offset the exclusion of the unfavorable impact of net realized and unrealized losses on fixed income securities. 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 We discuss the results of our operations by aggregating certain captions from our consolidated statements of earnings, as we believe it provides a more meaningful view of our results and eliminates repetition that would arise if captions were discussed on an individual basis. 
 In order to facilitate discussion, we have grouped the following captions: 
 Underwriting results : includes net premiums earned, net incurred losses and LAE, policyholder benefit expenses and acquisition costs. 
 Investment results : includes net investment income, net realized (losses) gains, net unrealized (losses) gains (recorded through the income statement and other comprehensive income) and (losses) earnings from equity method investments. 
 General and administrative results : includes general and administrative expenses. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 53 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

Underwriting Results 
 
 Our strategy is focused on effectively managing (re)insurance portfolios underwritten in previous years that we assume through our provision of capital release solutions and acquisition of portfolios and businesses in run-off. 
 Although we have largely exited our active underwriting platforms, we still record net premiums earned and the associated current period net incurred losses and LAE and acquisition costs as a result of the run-off of unearned premiums from transactions completed in recent years. 
 Premiums earned in the Run-off segment are generally offset by the related current period net incurred losses and LAE and acquisition costs. 
 The components of underwriting results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 2022 2021 Run-off Assumed Life Legacy Underwriting Corporate and other Total Run-off Assumed Life Legacy Underwriting Corporate and other Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net premiums earned 40 17 9 66 182 5 58 245 Net incurred losses and LAE: Current period 44 4 48 144 2 26 172 Prior periods (486) (55) 3 (218) (756) (338) (6) (59) (403) Total net incurred losses and LAE (442) (55) 7 (218) (708) (194) 2 20 (59) (231) Policyholder benefit expenses 25 25 (4) 1 (3) Acquisition costs 22 1 23 44 13 57 Underwriting results 460 47 1 218 726 332 7 25 58 422 
 2020 Run-off Legacy Underwriting Corporate and other Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net premiums earned 59 513 572 Net incurred losses and LAE: Current period 30 375 405 Prior periods (175) (4) 147 (32) Total net incurred losses and LAE (145) 371 147 373 Acquisition costs 20 151 171 Underwriting results 184 (9) (147) 28 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 54 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

Current Period 
 The current period underwriting results from our (re)insurance operations include net earned premiums that have been declining as a result of our transition away from active underwriting activities. 
 
 The reductions in net premiums earned and current period net incurred losses and LAE were driven by reduced levels of activity arising from our exit of our active underwriting platforms beginning in 2020. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned premium from our StarStone International business and from our Assumed Life segment. In comparison, our 2021 and 2020 earned premium was primarily driven by StarStone International and AmTrust RITC business, which was entered into in 2019. 
 Prior Periods - RLE 
 The following tables summarize RLE, RLE , Adjusted RLE and Adjusted RLE by acquisition year for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, which management believes is useful in measuring and monitoring performance of our claims management activity on the portfolios that we have acquired. This permits comparability between acquisition years of different loss reserve volumes. 
 Refer to the table below for a summary of RLE and Adjusted RLE for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 2022 RLE Adjusted RLE Acquisition Year RLE / PPD Average net loss reserves RLE Adjusted RLE / PPD Average adjusted net loss reserves Adj RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2012 and prior 15 549 2.7 27 615 4.4 2013 (1) 186 (0.5) 2 41 4.9 2014 30 765 3.9 15 82 18.3 2015 12 312 3.8 13 319 4.1 2016 14 731 1.9 22 808 2.7 2017 183 745 24.6 30 905 3.3 2018 58 913 6.4 19 985 1.9 2019 59 1,156 5.1 54 1,685 3.2 2020 (120) 719 (16.7) (120) 720 (16.7) 2021 435 3,861 11.3 356 4,443 8.0 2022 71 2,032 71 2,033 Total 756 11,969 6.3 489 12,636 3.9 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 55 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

2022: 
 Our RLE was positively impacted by a net reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses of 403 million, a reduction of 200 million in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option and a 135 million reduction in provisions for ULAE. 
 We recorded: 
 Favorable RLE of 160 million in acquisition years 2019 and 2021 on our ADC contracts where our cedants have experienced continued favorable ground-up performance. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2017 acquisition year was driven predominantly by a reduction in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2018 acquisition year was driven by favorable claims activity from major claims reviews on our professional indemnity/directors and officers and marine, aviation and transit lines of business for our Lloyd s syndicate books combined with a reduction in the fair value of liabilities where we have elected the fair value option. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2019 acquisition year was driven by continued favorable experience in an ADC contract. 
 Unfavorable RLE in the 2020 acquisition year was adversely impacted by general casualty liabilities where we experienced additional claim reporting latency and unexpected increased severity on a small number of large New York Labor Law claims, which resulted in increased overall ultimate loss estimates on one portfolio. In addition, we experienced higher than expected claims severity, primarily on older liabilities, and slower than expected claim settlement rates related to our ride share motor portfolio. This was partially offset by favorable development on other portfolios. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2021 acquisition year was driven by continued favorable experience in our workers compensation portfolios, which benefited from lower severity trends on certain existing claims, reduced levels of expected frequency of claims for excess workers compensation risks, favorable claim settlements, and accelerated and favorable claim settlement patterns on certain portfolios. In addition, we recorded favorable development on an ADC contract where the cedants have experienced continued favorable ground-up performance. We also recorded favorable claim activity on the Assumed Life segment catastrophe book, combined with the recognition of a gain on commutation of the catastrophe reinsurance business of 59 million. 
 Favorable RLE in the 2022 acquisition year was primarily driven by a portfolio where our initial estimate of claims handling costs (or ULAE) were reduced, as we achieved better than expected current and future cost economies of scale on this transaction. 
 Our Adjusted RLE was positively impacted by the net reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses relating to the Run-off segment, as described above. It excludes the impact of the changes in the discount rate upon the fair value of liabilities where we have elected the fair value option and the amortization of fair value adjustments relating to purchased subsidiaries. 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 56 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

Refer to the table below for a summary of RLE and Adjusted RLE for the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 2021 RLE Adjusted RLE Acquisition Year RLE / PPD Average net loss reserves RLE Adjusted RLE / PPD Average adjusted net loss reserves Adjusted RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2012 and prior 34 558 6.1 39 633 6.2 2013 9 133 6.8 3 58 5.2 2014 25 945 2.6 30 102 29.4 2015 21 370 5.7 22 378 5.8 2016 10 815 1.2 8 894 0.9 2017 89 1,006 8.8 34 1,069 3.2 2018 45 1,208 3.7 38 1,237 3.1 2019 47 1,320 3.6 92 1,871 4.9 2020 (27) 1,845 (1.5) (27) 1,845 (1.5) 2021 150 2,144 7.0 142 2,368 6.0 Total 403 10,344 3.9 381 10,455 3.6 
 2021: 
 Overall, RLE and Adjusted RLE were primarily driven by net favorable actual claims experience compared with our expected claims trends. This was notable in the 2012 and prior, 2017 and 2018 acquisition years. 
 RLE was positively impacted by a net reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses of 281 million, a reduction of 75 million in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option and a 63 million reduction in provisions for ULAE. 
 Adjusted RLE excludes the impact of the changes in the discount rate upon the fair value of liabilities where we have elected the fair value option, the impact of changes in ULAE and the amortization of fair value adjustments relating to purchased subsidiaries. 
 Other notable events within our acquisition years were: 
 Adjusted RLE for our 2019 acquisition year had lower than expected asbestos related claim frequency related to our defendant A E liabilities. RLE and RLE does not include the impact of changes to our defendant A E liabilities. 
 Our 2020 acquisition year had adverse development on our motor book offset by favorable development in other portfolios relating to the 2018 and 2019 accident years. 
 Acquisition year 2021 experienced favorable claim activity in our professional indemnity/directors and officers and motor lines of business relative to expectations at take-on. 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 57 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

Refer to the table below for a summary of RLE and Adjusted RLE for the year ended December 31, 2020: 
 2020 RLE Adjusted RLE Acquisition Year RLE / PPD Average net loss reserves RLE Adjusted RLE / PPD Average adjusted net loss reserves Adjusted RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) 2012 and prior 44 674 6.5 51 756 6.7 2013 16 174 9.2 9 73 12.3 2014 1 1,064 0.1 3 111 2.7 2015 20 451 4.4 21 463 4.5 2016 21 915 2.3 36 999 3.6 2017 (50) 1,108 (4.5) 39 1,178 3.3 2018 18 1,459 1.2 69 1,504 4.6 2019 33 1,495 2.2 130 2,034 6.4 2020 (71) 1,011 (7.0) (71) 1,011 (7.0) Total 32 8,351 0.4 287 8,129 3.5 
 2020: 
 Overall, RLE and Adjusted RLE were primarily driven by a mix of favorable and unfavorable actual claims experience compared with our expected claims trends. Our experience was notably favorable in our 2012 and prior, 2016, 2017 and 2018 acquisition years, offset by adverse development in our 2020 acquisition year as detailed below. 
 RLE was adversely impacted by an increase of 119 million in 2020 relating to the change in the discount rate component of the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option in the 2017 and 2018 acquisition years as a result of decreases in interest rates, which was offset by a net reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses of 130 million and a 49 million reduction in provisions for ULAE. 
 Other notable events within our acquisition years were: 
 Adjusted RLE for our 2016 and 2019 acquisition years were favorably impacted by lower than expected asbestos related claim frequency related to our defendant A E liabilities. RLE and RLE does not include the impact of changes to our defendant A E liabilities. 
 Our 2017 and 2018 acquisition years had favorable development on losses relating primarily to older accident years on asbestos related claims and reduced asbestos related claim frequency, partially offset by the adverse impact on RLE of changes in the discount rate component of the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option. 
 Our 2020 acquisition year was driven by adverse development on the motor book, offset by favorable development in other portfolios relating to older accident years. 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 58 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

Investment Results 
 
 We strive to structure our investment holdings and the duration of our investments in a manner that recognizes our liquidity needs, including our obligation to pay losses and future policyholder benefit expenses. 
 The components of our investment results split between our fixed income assets (which includes our short-term and fixed maturity investments classified as trading and AFS, funds held-directly managed, cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash equivalents, and funds held by reinsured companies, collectively our Fixed Income assets) and other investments (which includes equities and equity method investments, collectively our Other Investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Fixed Income Other Investments Total Fixed Income Other Investments Total Fixed Income Other Investments Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment income 373 82 455 239 73 312 256 47 303 Net realized (losses) gains (111) (24) (135) (4) (57) (61) 18 1 19 Net unrealized (losses) gains (1,070) (409) (1,479) (206) 384 178 288 1,335 1,623 Earnings (losses) from equity method investments (74) (74) 93 93 239 239 Other comprehensive income: Unrealized (losses) gains on fixed income securities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments excluding foreign exchange (570) (570) (100) (100) 70 70 TIR ) (1,378) (425) (1,803) (71) 493 422 632 1,622 2,254 TIR (9.3) (8.2) (9.0) (0.5) 8.8 2.0 5.7 36.9 14.6 Adjusted TIR 2.3 (8.2) (0.2) 1.6 8.8 3.6 2.4 36.9 12.4 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 
 Net Investment Income 
 
 2022 versus 2021 : Net investment income increased primarily due to: 
 an increase in our average aggregate fixed income assets of 1.2 billion due to new business acquired during 2022 and late 2021; and 
 an increase in our book yield of 63 basis points due to a combination of investment of new premium and reinvestment of fixed income securities at higher yields and the impact of rising short-term interest rates on the 2.9 billion of our fixed income securities that are subject to floating interest rates. Our floating rate investments generated increased net investment income of 59 million, which equates to an increase of 195 basis points on those investments in comparison to the prior year. 
 2021 versus 2020 : Net investment income increased primarily due to: 
 an increase in our average aggregate fixed income assets of 4.2 billion due to new business during 2021; partially offset by 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 59 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

a decrease in the investment yield primarily due to time required to invest premium from 2021 transactions. 
 Net Realized and Unrealized (Losses) Gains included in Comprehensive Income 
 
 2022 versus 2021: The negative variance of 2.2 billion when comparing net realized and unrealized losses in 2022 to net realized losses and net unrealized gains in 2021 was the result of: 
 an increase in net realized and unrealized losses on fixed income assets, including OCI of 1.4 billion, primarily driven by more than 270 basis points of rising interest rates across U.S., U.K. and European markets, in addition to widening of investment-grade credit spreads through 2022; and 
 net realized and unrealized losses on other investments, including equities, of 433 million compared to net gains of 327 million in 2021. The unfavorable variance of 760 million was primarily driven by: 
 losses from our public equities, fixed income funds, CLO equities and hedge funds in 2022, largely as a result of global equity market declines and the widening of high yield and leveraged loan credit spreads; in comparison to 
 net realized and unrealized gains recognized in 2021 in our fixed income funds, public equity, private equity CLO equities, private debt and real estate holdings, driven by the tightening of high yield and loan spreads and rallies in global equity markets. 
 2021 versus 2020 : Net realized and unrealized gains decreased primarily due to: 
 net realized and unrealized losses on fixed income assets, including OCI of 310 million in 2021 compared to net realized annualized gains, including OCI of 376 million in the prior year, a negative variance of 686 million, which was primarily driven by rising interest rates across U.S., U.K. and European markets, partially offset by a tightening in credit spreads; and 
 a decrease in net realized and unrealized gains on other investments, including equities, of 1.0 billion or 75.5 , from the prior year. This was primarily driven by: 
 net realized and unrealized losses of 58 million in the InRe Fund primarily due to the deterioration of global and Chinese equity markets through the second half of 2021, including Chinese American Depository Receipts ADRs ), to which the fund had exposure; partially offset by 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 60 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

net realized and unrealized gains of 327 million in our public equity, private equity and CLO equities, driven by tightening of high yield and loan spreads and rallies in global equity markets. 
 This was in comparison to net realized and unrealized gains of 1.3 billion recognized in 2020, mainly driven by unrealized gains of 1.2 billion relating to the InRe Fund. 
 Earnings (losses) from equity method investments 
 Effective September 1, 2021, Enhanzed Re was consolidated by us 8 . Prior to that date, the results of Enhanzed Re were recorded in earnings (losses) from equity method investments on a one quarter lag. 
 
 2022 versus 2021: The negative variance of 167 million when comparing losses in 2022 from equity method investments to earnings in 2021 was primarily due to: 
 our acquisition of the controlling interest in and subsequent consolidation of Enhanzed Re in 2021 (which included 82 million of equity method earnings prior to its consolidation in September 2021); and 
 recognizing a 52 million other-than-temporary impairment to the carrying value of one of our equity method investments. 
 The consolidated net loss from Enhanzed Re was 235 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, driven by unrealized investment losses which compared to the 82 million from Enhanzed Re that was included in equity method investment earnings in 2021. 
 2021 versus 2020: Earnings from equity method investments decreased, primarily due to: 
 a reduction in Enhanzed Re earnings, primarily driven by catastrophe losses from the European storms, German floods and worsening of COVID-19 claims sustained in the second quarter of 2021 for which our share of losses was 35 million, partially offset by significant net realized and unrealized gains on investments in the last quarter of 2020; and 
 a reduction in Monument Re earnings as a result of a decrease in bargain purchase gains relative to the comparative period. 

8 Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 61 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Key Performance Measures 

Investable Assets 
 The below charts are in billions of U.S. dollars 
 Investable assets decreased by 10.0 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, primarily due to a decline in the carrying value of our fixed income assets and other investments, including equities, and due to assets used to support net paid losses, partially offset by assets assumed from new transactions during the year. 
 Adjusted investable assets decreased by 1.2 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, as a result of a decline in the carrying value of our other investments, including equities, and the impact of net paid losses, partially offset by assets assumed from new transactions during the year. 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 762 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of the redeployment of a portion of the InRe Fund redemptions to other investments, including equities. 

Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Duration and average credit rating 
 The fair value, duration and average credit rating by segment is as follows: 
 2022 2021 Segment Fair Value ) (1) 
 Average Duration (in years) (2) 
 Average Credit Rating (3) 
 Fair Value ) (1) 
 Average Duration (in years) (2) 
 Average Credit Rating (3) 
 Investments Run-off 9,871 4.02 A+ 12,680 4.54 A+ Assumed Life 908 8.90 A- 1,454 14.62 A- Total - Investments 10,779 4.44 A+ 14,134 5.69 A+ Legacy Underwriting 179 2.26 AA- 212 2.37 AA- Total 10,958 4.40 A+ 14,346 5.72 A+ 
 (1) The fair value of our fixed income securities and cash and cash equivalents by segment does not include the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents within our funds held-directly managed portfolios. 
 (2) The average duration calculation includes cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and fixed income securities, as well as the fixed income securities and cash and cash equivalents within our funds held-directly managed portfolios. 
 (3) The average credit ratings calculation includes cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, fixed income securities and the fixed income securities within our funds held - directly managed portfolios. 
 The overall decrease in the balance of our fixed income securities and cash and cash equivalents of 3.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by the redeployment of a portion of the InRe Fund redemptions from cash and cash equivalents to other investments, including equities, the recognition of net unrealized losses on our fixed income securities as described above and the impact of net paid losses. 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, our fixed income securities and cash and cash equivalents had an average credit quality rating of A+ . 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our fixed income securities that were non-investment grade (i.e. rated lower than BBB- and non-rated securities) comprised 6.5 and 5.6 of our total fixed income securities portfolio, 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 62 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | New Business 

respectively. The increase in non-investment grade fixed income securities was driven by the redeployment of a portion of the InRe Fund redemptions to higher-yielding fixed income securities during the year. 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

2022 to 2021 : The 36 million decrease in general and administrative expenses was driven by reductions in professional fees and salaries and benefits expenses, driven by a reduction in variable incentive plan results. This was partially offset by an increase in accrued short term incentives. 
 2021 to 2020 : The 135 million decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by the decision to place StarStone International in run-off and the sale of Atrium. There was an additional decrease in salaries and benefits expenses due to reductions in performance-based salaries and benefits costs and lower headcount. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 63 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

New Business 
 
 We define new business as material transactions, which generally take the form of reinsurance or direct business transfers, or business acquisitions. 
 When we acquire new business through reinsurance or direct business transfers, the liabilities we assume typically exceed the fair value of the assets we receive. This is generally due to the future earnings expected on the assets. 
 The difference between the liabilities assumed and the assets acquired is recorded as a DCA or DGL, which is then amortized over the expected settlement period. As such, the performance of the new business is assessed over time by comparing the net of investment income, loss reserve development and amortization of the DCA or DGL. 
 The table below sets forth a summary of new business that we have completed between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022: 
 Transaction Total Assets Assumed DCA (1) 
 Total Assets from Transactions Total Liabilities from Transactions Type of Transaction Remaining Limit upon Acquisition Line of Business Jurisdiction (in millions of U.S. dollars) Aspen (2) 
 1,824 47 1,871 1,871 LPT 537 Property, liability and specialty lines U.S., U.K. and Europe Probitas 60 1 61 61 LPT (3) 
 No limit General casualty, financial and property lines U.K. and international Argo (4) 
 631 93 724 724 LPT 66 General casualty, construction defect, and professional indemnity lines U.S. Total 2022 2,515 141 2,656 2,656 
 (1) Where the estimated ultimate losses payable exceed the premium consideration received at the inception of the agreement, a DCA is recorded. 
 (2) We agreed to assume 3.1 billion of net loss reserves, subject to a limit of 3.6 billion. Pursuant to terms of the contract, the amount of net loss reserves assumed, in addition to the premium consideration provided in the LPT agreement, were adjusted for the original ADC cash premium of 770 million as well as claims paid between October 1, 2021 and May 20, 2022 and other contractual obligations totaling 394 million. 
 (3) The LPT converted into a RITC transaction effective January 1, 2023, following regulatory approval. 
 (4) The amount of net loss reserves assumed were adjusted for claims paid between January 1, 2022 and October 31, 2022. Total liabilities assumed is comprised of 718 million of net loss reserves and 6 million of other liabilities. 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 64 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 In addition to our key financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP, we present other non-GAAP financial measures that we use to manage our business, compare our performance against prior periods and against our peers, and as performance measures in our incentive compensation program. 
 These non-GAAP financial measures provide an additional view of our operational performance over the long-term and provide the opportunity to analyze our results in a way that is more aligned with the manner in which our management measures our underlying performance. 
 The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures, which may be defined and calculated differently by other companies, is used to enhance the understanding of certain aspects of our financial performance. It is not meant to be considered in isolation, superior to, or as a substitute for the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Some of the adjustments reflected in our non-GAAP measures are recurring items, such as the exclusion of adjustments to net realized and unrealized (gains)/losses on fixed income securities recognized in our income statement, the fair value of certain of our loss reserve liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option, and the amortization of fair value adjustments. 
 Management makes these adjustments in assessing our performance so that the changes in fair value due to interest rate movements, which are applied to some but not all of our assets and liabilities as a result of preexisting accounting elections, do not impair comparability across reporting periods. 
 It is important for the readers of our periodic filings to understand that these items will recur from period to period. 
 However, we exclude these items for the purpose of presenting a comparable view across reporting periods of the impact of our underlying claims management and investment without the effect of interest rate fluctuations on assets that we anticipate to hold to maturity and non-cash changes to the fair value of our reserves. 
 Similarly, our non-GAAP measures reflect the exclusion of certain items that we deem to be nonrecurring, unusual or infrequent when the nature of the charge or gain is such that it is not reasonably likely that such item may recur within two years, nor was there a similar charge or gain in the preceding two years. This includes adjustments related to bargain purchase gains on acquisitions of businesses, net gains or losses on sales of subsidiaries, net assets of held for sale or disposed subsidiaries classified as discontinued operations, and other items that we separately disclose. 
 We have changed our non-GAAP measures in 2022 as follows: 
 The opening GAAP balances of our 2021 and 2020 Adjusted BVPS , Adjusted ROE and Adjusted RLE measures have been retrospectively adjusted for a change in accounting principle 9 . 
 We no longer remove ULAE from our Adjusted RLE and RLE calculations as our estimate of future claims handling costs is connected to our claims settlement strategies and outcomes and the RLE measures now reflect the direct and indirect performance of the management of our liabilities. 
 Non-GAAP measure; refer to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for reconciliation to the applicable GAAP financial measure. 

9 Refer to the Consolidated Results of Operations section for a more detailed description of the change in accounting principle. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 65 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

The results and GAAP reconciliations for these measures are set forth after the following table, which presents more information on each non-GAAP measure. 
 Non-GAAP Measure Definition Purpose of Non-GAAP Measure over GAAP Measure Adjusted book value per ordinary share Total Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity 
 
 Divided by 
 
 Number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for: 
 - the ultimate effect of any dilutive securities on the number of ordinary shares outstanding 
 Increases the number of ordinary shares to reflect the exercise of equity awards granted but not yet vested as, over the long term, this presents both management and investors with a more economically accurate measure of the realizable value of shareholder returns by factoring in the impact of share dilution. 
 
 We use this non-GAAP measure in our incentive compensation program. 
 Adjusted return on equity ) Adjusted operating income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders divided by adjusted opening Enstar ordinary shareholder's equity Calculating the operating income (loss) as a percentage of our adjusted opening Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity provides a more consistent measure of the performance of our business by enabling comparison between the financial periods presented. 
 
 We eliminate the impact of net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on fixed maturity investments and funds-held directly managed and the change in fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option, as: 
 we typically hold most of our fixed income securities until the earlier of maturity or the time that they are used to fund any settlement of related liabilities which are generally recorded at cost; and 
 removing the fair value option improves comparability since there are limited acquisition years for which we elected the fair value option. 
 
 Therefore, we believe that excluding their impact on our earnings improves comparability of our core operational performance across periods. 
 
 We include fair value adjustments as non-GAAP adjustments to the adjusted operating income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders as they are non-cash charges that are not reflective of the impact of our claims management strategies on our loss portfolios. 
 
 We eliminate the net gain (loss) on the purchase and sales of subsidiaries and net earnings from discontinued operations, as these items are not indicative of our ongoing operations. 
 
 We use this non-GAAP measure in our incentive compensation program. 
 
 Adjusted operating income (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders 
 numerator) 
 Net earnings (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders, adjusted for: 
 -net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on fixed maturity investments and funds held-directly managed, 
 -change in fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) , 
 -amortization of fair value adjustments, 
 -net gain/loss on purchase and sales of subsidiaries (if any), 
 -net earnings from discontinued operations (if any), 
 -tax effects of adjustments, and 
 -adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Adjusted opening Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity denominator) 
 Opening Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity, less: 
 -net unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity investments and funds held-directly managed, 
 -fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) , 
 -fair value adjustments, and 
 -net assets of held for sale or disposed subsidiaries classified as discontinued operations (if any) 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 66 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Non-GAAP Measure Definition Purpose of Non-GAAP Measure over GAAP Measure Adjusted run-off liability earnings ) Adjusted PPD divided by average adjusted net loss reserves 
 
 Calculating the RLE as a percentage of our adjusted average net loss reserves provides a more meaningful and comparable measurement of the impact of our claims management strategies on our loss portfolios across acquisition years and also to our overall financial periods. 
 
 We use this measure to evaluate the impact of our claims management strategies because it provides visibility into our ability to settle our claims obligations for amounts less than our initial estimate at the point of acquiring the obligations. 
 
 The following components of periodic recurring net incurred losses and LAE and net loss reserves are not considered key components of our claims management performance for the following reasons: 
 
 The results of our Legacy Underwriting segment have been economically transferred to a third party primarily through use of reinsurance and a Capacity Lease Agreement (2) ; as such, the results are not a relevant contribution to Adjusted RLE, which is designed to analyze the impact of our claims management strategies; 
 The results of our Assumed Life segment relate only to our exposure to active property catastrophe business; as this business is not in run-off, the results are not a relevant contribution to Adjusted RLE; 
 The change in fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) has been removed to support comparability between the two acquisition years for which we elected the fair value option in reserves assumed and the acquisition years for which we did not make this election (specifically, this election was only made in the 2017 and 2018 acquisition years and the election of such option is irrevocable); and 
 The amortization of fair value adjustments are non-cash charges that obscure our trends on a consistent basis. 
 
 We include our performance in managing claims and estimated future expenses on our defendant A E liabilities because such performance is relevant to assessing our claims management strategies even though such liabilities are not included within the loss reserves. 
 
 We use this measure to assess the performance of our claim strategies and part of the performance assessment of our past acquisitions. 
 Adjusted prior period development 
 (numerator) 
 Prior period net incurred losses and LAE, adjusted to: 
 Remove (3) : 
 - Legacy Underwriting and Assumed Life operations, 
 -amortization of fair value adjustments, 
 -change in fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) , 
 and 
 Add: 
 -the reduction/(increase) in estimates of net ultimate liabilities and reduction in estimated future expenses of our defendant A E liabilities. 
 
 Adjusted net loss reserves 
 (denominator) 
 Net losses and LAE, adjusted to: 
 Remove (3) : 
 - Legacy Underwriting and Assumed Life net loss reserves, 
 -current period net loss reserves, 
 -net fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of companies, 
 -the fair value adjustments for contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) and 
 Add: 
 -net nominal defendant A E liability exposures and estimated future expenses 
 Adjusted total investment return ) Adjusted total investment return (dollars) recognized in earnings for the applicable period divided by period average adjusted total investable assets. Provides a key measure of the return generated on the capital held in the business and is reflective of our investment strategy. Provides a consistent measure of investment returns as a percentage of all assets generating investment returns. We adjust our investment returns to eliminate the impact of the change in fair value of fixed income securities (both credit spreads and interest rates), as we typically hold most of these investments until the earlier of maturity or used to fund any settlement of related liabilities which are generally recorded at cost. Adjusted total investment return ) numerator 
 Total investment return (dollars), adjusted for: 
 -net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on fixed maturity investments and funds held-directly managed; and 
 -unrealized (gains) losses on fixed income securities, AFS included within OCI, net of reclassification adjustments and excluding foreign exchange. 
 Adjusted average aggregate total investable assets denominator 
 Total average investable assets, adjusted for: 
 -net unrealized (gains) losses on fixed income securities, AFS included within AOCI 
 -net unrealized (gains) losses on fixed income securities, trading 
 
 (1) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 (2) As described in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 (3) Effective for 2022, we are no longer excluding ULAE as it relates to our losses and LAE liabilities and are now including estimated future expenses as it relates to our defendant A E liabilities in the calculation of Adjusted RLE , as these provisions are related to our insurance liabilities and contribute to our claims management performance. The comparative periods in 2021 and 2020 have been adjusted accordingly. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 67 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 The table below presents a reconciliation of BVPS to Adjusted BVPS as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 2022 2021 2020 Equity (1) 
 Ordinary Shares Per Share Amount Equity (1) 
 Ordinary Shares Per Share Amount Equity (1) 
 Ordinary Shares Per Share Amount (in millions of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) Book value per ordinary share 4,191 17,022,420 246.20 5,813 17,657,944 329.20 6,326 21,519,602 293.97 Non-GAAP adjustment: Share-based compensation plans 218,171 315,205 298,095 Warrants 20 175,901 Adjusted book value per ordinary share 4,191 17,240,591 243.09 5,813 17,973,149 323.43 6,346 21,993,598 288.56 
 (1) Equity comprises Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity, which is calculated as Enstar shareholders' equity less preferred shares 510 million as of each of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020), prior to any non-GAAP adjustments. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 
 The table below presents a reconciliation of ROE to Adjusted ROE for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) earnings (1) 
 Opening equity (1) 
 (Adj) ROE Net (loss) earnings (1) 
 Opening equity (1) 
 (Adj) ROE Net (loss) earnings (1) 
 Opening equity (1) 
 (Adj) ROE (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net (loss) earnings/Opening equity/ROE (1) 
 (906) 5,813 (15.6) 502 6,326 7.9 1,723 4,490 38.4 Non-GAAP adjustments: Net realized and unrealized losses (gains) on fixed maturity investments and funds held - directly managed / Unrealized (losses) gains on fixed maturity investments and funds held - directly managed (2) 
 1,181 (89) 210 (560) (306) (277) Change in fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option / Fair value of insurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (3) 
 (200) (107) (75) (33) 119 (130) Amortization of fair value adjustments / Fair value adjustments (18) (106) 16 (128) 27 (152) Net gain on purchase and sales of subsidiaries (73) (3) Net earnings from discontinued operations / Net assets of entities classified as held for sale and discontinued operations (16) (266) Tax effects of adjustments (4) 
 (7) (21) 23 Adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interest (5) 
 (111) 6 13 109 Adjusted net (loss) earnings/Adjusted opening equity/Adjusted ROE (61) 5,511 (1.1) 565 5,605 10.1 1,580 3,774 41.9 
 (1) Net (loss) earnings comprises net (loss) earnings attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders, prior to any non-GAAP adjustments. Opening equity comprises Enstar ordinary shareholders' equity, which is calculated as opening Enstar shareholders' equity less preferred shares 510 million as of each of December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019), prior to any non-GAAP adjustments. 
 (2) Represents the net realized and unrealized gains and losses related to fixed income securities. Our fixed income securities are held directly on our balance sheet and also within the "Funds held - directly managed" balance 10 . 
 
 10 Refer to Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for further details on our net realized and unrealized gains and losses. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 68 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

(3) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 (4) Represents an aggregation of the tax expense or benefit associated with the specific country to which the pre-tax adjustment relates, calculated at the applicable jurisdictional tax rate. 
 (5) Represents the impact of the adjustments on the net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest associated with the specific subsidiaries to which the adjustments relate. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 
 The below tables present a reconciliation of PPD to Adjusted PPD and RLE to Adjusted RLE : 
 Year Ended As at December 31, Year Ended 2022 2022 2021 2022 2022 PPD Net loss reserves Net loss reserves Average net loss reserves RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) PPD/net loss reserves/RLE 756 12,011 11,926 11,969 6.3 Non-GAAP Adjustments: Net loss reserves - current period (45) (23) Assumed Life (55) (181) (91) Legacy Underwriting 3 (135) (153) (144) Amortization of fair value adjustments / Net fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of companies (18) 124 106 115 Changes in fair value - fair value option / Net fair value adjustments for contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) 
 (200) 294 107 201 Change in estimate of net ultimate liabilities - defendant A E / Net nominal defendant A E liabilities 2 572 573 573 Reduction in estimated future expenses - defendant A E / Estimated future expenses - defendant A E 1 35 37 37 Adjusted PPD/Adjusted net loss reserves/Adjusted RLE 489 12,856 12,415 12,636 3.9 
 Year Ended As at December 31, Year Ended 2021 2021 2020 2021 2021 PPD Net loss reserves Net loss reserves Average net loss reserves RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) PPD/net loss reserves/RLE 403 11,926 8,763 10,344 3.9 Non-GAAP Adjustments: Net loss reserves - current period (143) (72) Assumed Life (179) (90) Legacy Underwriting (6) (140) (955) (548) Amortization of fair value adjustments / Net fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of companies 16 106 128 117 Changes in fair value - fair value option / Net fair value adjustments for contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) 
 (75) 107 33 70 Change in estimate of net ultimate liabilities - defendant A E / Net nominal defendant A E liabilities 38 573 615 594 Reduction in estimated future expenses - defendant A E / Estimated future expenses - defendant A E 5 37 43 40 Adjusted PPD/Adjusted net loss reserves/Adjusted RLE 381 12,287 8,627 10,455 3.6 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 69 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Year Ended As at December 31, Year Ended 2020 2020 2019 2020 2020 PPD Net loss reserves Net loss Reserves Average net loss reserves RLE (in millions of U.S. dollars) PPD/Net loss reserves/RLE 32 8,763 7,941 8,352 0.4 Non-GAAP Adjustments: Net loss reserves - current period (273) (137) Legacy Underwriting (4) (702) (1,184) (943) Amortization of fair value adjustments / Net fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of companies 28 128 152 140 Changes in fair value - fair value option / Net fair value adjustments for contracts for which we have elected the fair value option (1) 
 119 33 130 82 Change in estimate of net ultimate liabilities - defendant A E / Net nominal defendant A E liabilities 103 615 561 588 Reduction in estimated future expenses - defendant A E / Estimated future expenses - defendant A E 9 43 52 48 Adjusted PPD/Adjusted net loss reserves/Adjusted RLE 287 8,607 7,652 8,129 3.5 
 (1) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 70 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Other Financial Measures 

The table below presents a reconciliation of our TIR to our Adjusted TIR for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 2022 2021 2020 Fixed Income Other Investments Total Fixed Income Other Investments Total Fixed Income Other Investments Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment income 373 82 455 239 73 312 256 47 303 Net realized (losses) gains (111) (24) (135) (4) (57) (61) 18 1 19 Net unrealized (losses) gains (1,070) (409) (1,479) (206) 384 178 288 1,335 1,623 Earnings from equity method investments (74) (74) 93 93 239 239 Other comprehensive income: Unrealized (losses) gains on fixed income securities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments excluding foreign exchange (570) (570) (100) (100) 70 70 TIR ) (1,378) (425) (1,803) (71) 493 422 632 1,622 2,254 Non-GAAP adjustments: Net realized and unrealized losses (gains) on fixed maturity investments and funds held-directly managed 1,181 1,181 210 210 (306) (306) Unrealized (losses) gains on fixed income securities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments excluding foreign exchange 570 570 100 100 (70) (70) Adjusted TIR ) 373 (425) (52) 239 493 732 256 1,622 1,878 Total investments 9,685 4,943 14,628 12,254 5,022 17,276 9,319 5,938 15,257 Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash equivalents 1,330 1,330 2,092 2,092 1,373 1,373 Funds held by reinsured companies 3,582 3,582 2,340 2,340 636 636 Total investable assets 14,597 4,943 19,540 16,686 5,022 21,708 11,328 5,938 17,266 Average aggregate invested assets, at fair value (1) 
 14,891 5,188 20,079 15,250 5,590 20,840 11,046 4,397 15,443 TIR (9.3) (8.2) (9.0) (0.5) 8.8 2.0 5.7 36.9 14.6 Non-GAAP adjustment: Net unrealized (gains) on fixed income securities, AFS included within AOCI and net unrealized (gains) on fixed income securities, trading 1,827 1,827 (89) (89) (560) (560) Adjusted investable assets 16,424 4,943 21,367 16,597 5,022 21,619 10,768 5,938 16,706 Adjusted average aggregate invested assets, at fair value (2) 
 15,977 5,188 21,165 14,971 5,590 20,561 10,756 4,397 15,153 Adjusted TIR 2.3 (8.2) (0.2) 1.6 8.8 3.6 2.4 36.9 12.4 
 (1) This amount is a five period average of the total investable assets, as presented above, and is comprised of amounts disclosed in our quarterly and annual U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) This amount is a five period average of the Adjusted investable assets , as presented above. 
 Non-GAAP measure. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 71 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment 

Other Financial Measures 
 
 In addition to our non-GAAP financial measures presented above, we refer to TIR, which provides a key measure of the return generated on the capital held in the business. It is reflective of our investment strategy and it provides a consistent measure of investment returns as a percentage of all assets generating investment returns. 
 
 The following table provides the calculation of our TIR by segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 2022 2021 2020 Investments Legacy Underwriting Total Investments Legacy Underwriting Total Investments Legacy Underwriting Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment income: Fixed income securities 380 9 389 273 3 276 243 25 268 Cash and restricted cash 8 1 9 2 2 4 Other investments, including equities 82 82 73 73 39 8 47 Less: Investment expenses (25) (25) (37) (37) (14) (2) (16) Net investment income 445 10 455 309 3 312 270 33 303 Net realized (losses) gains: Fixed income securities (111) (111) (4) (4) 16 2 18 Other investments, including equities (24) (24) (57) (57) 1 1 Net realized (losses) gains (135) (135) (61) (61) 17 2 19 Net unrealized (losses) gains: Fixed income securities (1,060) (10) (1,070) (203) (3) (206) 284 4 288 Other investments, including equities (409) (409) 384 384 1,327 8 1,335 Net unrealized (losses) gains (1,469) (10) (1,479) 181 (3) 178 1,611 12 1,623 (Losses) earnings from equity method investments (74) (74) 93 93 239 239 Other comprehensive (loss) income: Unrealized (losses) gains on fixed income securities, AFS, net of reclassification adjustments excluding foreign exchange (570) (570) (100) (100) 67 3 70 TIR ) (1,803) (1,803) 422 422 2,204 50 2,254 Fixed maturity and short-term investments, trading and AFS and funds held - directly managed 9,472 159 9,631 12,072 182 12,254 8,669 650 9,319 Other assets included within funds held - directly managed 54 54 201 201 15 15 Equities 1,250 1,250 1,995 1,995 774 73 847 Other investments 3,282 14 3,296 2,319 14 2,333 4,146 98 4,244 Equity method investments 397 397 493 493 597 235 832 Total investments 14,455 173 14,628 17,080 196 17,276 14,201 1,056 15,257 Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash equivalents 1,310 20 1,330 2,062 30 2,092 1,112 261 1,373 Funds held by reinsured companies 3,560 22 3,582 2,306 34 2,340 554 82 636 Total investable assets 19,325 215 19,540 21,448 260 21,708 15,867 1,399 17,266 Average aggregate invested assets, at fair value (1) 
 19,861 218 20,079 20,594 246 20,840 13,982 1,461 15,443 TIR (2) 
 (9.1) (9.0) 2.0 2.0 15.8 3.4 14.6 Income from fixed income assets (3) 
 388 10 398 273 3 276 245 27 272 Average aggregate fixed income assets, at cost (3)(4) 
 15,904 214 16,118 14,733 231 14,964 9,508 1,246 10,754 Investment book yield (5) 
 2.44 4.67 2.47 1.85 1.30 1.84 2.58 2.17 2.53 
 (1) This amount is a five period average of the total investable assets, as presented above, and is comprised of amounts disclosed in our quarterly and annual U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) Total investment return is calculated by dividing total investment return ) by average aggregate invested assets, at fair value. 
 (3) Fixed income assets include fixed income securities and cash and restricted cash, and funds held by reinsured companies. 
 (4) These amounts are an average of the amounts disclosed in our quarterly and annual U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements. 
 (5) Investment book yield is calculated by dividing income from fixed income assets by average aggregate fixed income assets, at cost. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 72 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Run-off Segment 

Results of Operations by Segment - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Our business is organized into four reportable segments: (i) Run-off; (ii) Assumed Life; (iii) Investments; and (iv) Legacy Underwriting. In addition, our corporate and other activities, which do not qualify as an operating segment, includes income and expense items that are not directly attributable to our reportable segments 11 . 
 The following is a discussion of our results of operations by segment. 
 
 11 For a description of our segments and our corporate and other activities, see "Item 1. Business - Operating Segments" and "Corporate and Other" below, respectively. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 73 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Run-off Segment 

Run-off Segment 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of the results of operations for our Run-off segment. 
 2022 2021 Change 2020 Change INCOME (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net premiums earned 40 182 (142) 59 123 Other income: Reduction in estimates of net ultimate defendant A E liabilities - prior periods 2 38 (36) 103 (65) Reduction in estimated future defendant A E expenses 1 5 (4) 9 (4) All other income 19 30 (11) 20 10 Total other income 22 73 (51) 132 (59) Total income 62 255 (193) 191 64 EXPENSES Net incurred losses and LAE: Current period 44 144 (100) 30 114 Prior period (486) (338) (148) (175) (163) Total net incurred losses and LAE (442) (194) (248) (145) (49) Acquisition costs 22 44 (22) 20 24 General and administrative expenses 143 188 (45) 173 15 Total expenses (277) 38 (315) 48 (10) SEGMENT NET EARNINGS 339 217 122 143 74 
 
 2022 versus 2021: Net earnings from our Run-off segment increased by 122 million, primarily due to: 
 A 148 million increase in favorable PPD, driven by a 78 million increase in the reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses. 
 Results for the year ended December 31, 2022 were driven by favorable development of 318 million on our workers compensation line of business as a result of favorable claim settlements, most notably in the 2017 to 2021 acquisition years. We also had favorable development of 56 million on our marine, aviation and transit lines of business relating to the 2014, 2018 and 2019 acquisition years as a result of favorable experience across a variety of claim types; partially offset by 
 Adverse development on our general casualty and motor lines of business of 57 million and 74 million, respectively, most notably impacting the 2020 acquisition year, as a result of worse than expected claims experience, adverse development on claims and higher than expected claims severity. 
 Results for the year ended December 31, 2021 were primarily related to favorable development on our workers compensation, property and marine, aviation and transit lines of business as a result of better than expected claims experience and favorable results from actuarial reviews, partially offset by adverse development on our general casualty line of business due to an increase in opioid exposure and increased expectations of latent claims and a lengthening of the payment pattern related to our 2019 acquisition year. 
 A decrease in general and administrative expenses of 45 million, primarily driven by a continued decrease in salaries and benefits and other costs following our exit of our StarStone business beginning in 2020 and a reduction in IT costs as a result of reduced project activity; partially offset by 
 A reduction in other income of 51 million, primarily driven by lower favorable prior period development related to our defendant A E liabilities; and 
 Reductions in net premiums earned that were greater than the reductions in current period net incurred losses and LAE and acquisition costs, following our exit of our StarStone International business beginning in 2020. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 74 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Assumed Life Segment 

2021 versus 2020: Net earnings from our Run-off segment increased by 74 million, primarily due to: 
 Net premiums earned increased by 123 million from StarStone International business and new business transactions executed in recent periods. Net premiums earned of 182 million included 106 million of premiums from StarStone International, which was transferred into the Run-off Segment on January 1, 2021, whereas net premiums earned in 2020 were primarily related to AmTrust RITC transactions assumed in 2019. 
 Net incurred losses and LAE decreased by 49 million due to a 163 million increase in favorable PPD partially offset by an increase in current period losses of 114 million due to the transfer of the StarStone International business from the Legacy Underwriting segment on January 1, 2021. 
 The 163 million increase in favorable PPD primarily consists of: 
 51 million increase in favorable development on the workers compensation line of business in 2021 as a result of reduced claims activity, favorable settlements on open claims and the completion of commutations; 
 105 million reduction in adverse development on the motor line of business compared to 2020. 2020 was impacted by higher than expected severity in respect of a recently assumed LPT; 
 41 million increase in favorable development on the construction defect line of business in 2021; and 
 82 million increase in favorable development on the property and other lines of business in 2021. 
 This favorable prior period developments were partially offset by; 
 142 million increases in prior period estimates of net ultimate losses in our general casualty line of business due to an increase in opioid exposure and greater than expected adverse development. 
 In addition: 
 Other income decreased by 59 million primarily driven by lower favorable prior period development related to our defendant A E liabilities; and 
 Acquisition costs increased by 24 million primarily due to the transfer of StarStone International from the Legacy Underwriting segment on January 1, 2021. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 75 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Investments Segment 

Assumed Life Segment 
 
 On September 1, 2021, we purchased an additional 27.7 in Enhanzed Re, a company that was previously accounted for as an equity method investment, and increased our ownership to 75.1 . We have consolidated it as of September 1, 2021 and record the results on a one quarter lag. 
 On December 31, 2022, we repurchased the remaining 24.9 in Enhanzed Re from Allianz 12 . 
 The Assumed Life segment consists of life and property aggregate excess of loss (catastrophe) business. The catastrophe business was not renewed for 2022. During the third quarter of 2022, we entered into a Master Agreement with Allianz through which we agreed to a series of transactions that will allow us to unwind Enhanzed Re in an orderly manner. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we have: 
 Commuted the catastrophe reinsurance business with Allianz; and 
 Closed an agreement in November 2022 to novate our reinsurance closed block of life annuity policies to Monument Re. 
 We expect to record the results of the novation of the life business and the acquisition of the remaining ownership interest in Enhanzed Re in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Given our rationalization of the Enhanzed Re reinsurance business, we renamed the segment from Enhanzed Re to Assumed Life during the third quarter of 2022. We may leverage this segment for any future potential assumed life business transactions if and when they occur. 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of the results of operations for our Assumed Life segment. 
 2022 2021 Change (in millions of U.S. dollars) INCOME Net premiums earned 17 5 12 Total income 17 5 12 EXPENSES Net incurred losses and LAE: Current period 2 (2) Prior period (55) (55) Total net incurred losses and LAE (55) 2 (57) Policyholder benefit expenses 25 (4) 29 General and administrative expenses 7 1 6 Total expenses (23) (1) (22) SEGMENT NET EARNINGS 40 6 34 

Overall Results 
 Segment earnings increased by 34 million, primarily due to: 
 A decrease in net incurred losses and LAE, as a result of favorable claim activity and the recognition of a 26 million gain on commutation 13 , both related to the catastrophe reinsurance business with Allianz; and 
 An increase in net premiums earned on the life reinsurance business and in-force catastrophe reinsurance treaties; partially offset by 
 An increase in policyholder benefit expenses. 
 
 12 Refer to Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 13 We recognized a net gain on commutation of 59 million, of which 33 million related to the accelerated amortization of the risk margin fair value adjustment liability originally recorded upon acquisition of Enhanzed Re s catastrophe reinsurance business, and is included in amortization of fair value adjustments in our Corporate and Other activities. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 76 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Investments Segment 

Investments Segment 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of the results of operations for our Investments segment. 
 2022 2021 Change 2020 Change INCOME (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment income: Fixed income securities 380 273 107 243 30 Cash and restricted cash 8 8 2 (2) Other investments, including equities 82 73 9 39 34 Less: Investment expenses (25) (37) 12 (14) (23) Total net investment income 445 309 136 270 39 Net realized (losses) gains: Fixed income securities (111) (4) (107) 16 (20) Other investments, including equities (24) (57) 33 1 (58) Total net realized (losses) gains (135) (61) (74) 17 (78) Net unrealized (losses) gains: Fixed income securities (1,060) (203) (857) 284 (487) Other investments, including equities (409) 384 (793) 1,327 (943) Total net unrealized (losses) gains (1,469) 181 (1,650) 1,611 (1,430) Total income (1,159) 429 (1,588) 1,898 (1,469) EXPENSES General and administrative expenses 37 37 35 2 Total expenses 37 37 35 2 Earnings (losses) from equity method investments (74) 93 (167) 239 (146) SEGMENT NET (LOSS) EARNINGS (1,270) 485 (1,755) 2,102 (1,617) 

Overall Results 
 2022 versus 2021: Net loss from our Investments segment was 1.3 billion compared to net earnings of 485 million in 2021. The unfavorable movement of 1.8 billion was primarily due to: 
 An increase in net realized and unrealized losses on our fixed income securities of 964 million, driven by rising interest rates and widening of investment grade credit spreads; 
 Net realized and unrealized losses on our other investments, including equities, of 433 million, in comparison to gains of 327 million in 2021. The unfavorable variance of 760 million was primarily driven by negative performance from our public equities, CLO equities and hedge funds as a result of significant volatility in global equity markets and widening high yield credit spreads; and 
 Losses from equity method investments of 74 million, in comparison to earnings of 93 million in 2021, primarily due to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment to the carrying value of one of our equity method investments and our acquisition of the controlling interest in Enhanzed Re, effective September 1, 2021. Prior to that date, the results of Enhanzed Re were recorded in earnings from equity method investments. Our consolidated net loss from Enhanzed Re for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 235 million which compared to 82 million from Enhanzed Re that was included in equity method investment earnings in 2021; partially offset by 
 An increase in our net investment income of 136 million, which is primarily due to the investment of new premium and reinvestment of fixed income securities at higher yields and the impact of rising interest rates on the 2.9 billion of our fixed income securities that are subject to floating interest rates. Our floating rate 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 77 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Investments Segment 

investments generated increased net investment income of 59 million, which equates to an increase of 195 basis points on those investments in comparison to 2021. 
 Total investment losses on the fixed income securities that support our Enhanzed Re life reinsurance business for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 304 million and 17 million, respectively. 
 2021 versus 2020: Net earnings from our Investments segment decreased by 1.6 billion primarily as a result of decreases in net realized and unrealized gains of 1.5 billion. The decrease is largely a result of 2021 net realized and unrealized losses of 58 million related to the InRe Fund, in comparison to net unrealized gains of 1.2 billion in 2020, and 2021 net realized and unrealized losses on our fixed income securities of 207 million, in comparison to net realized and unrealized gains of 300 million in 2020. 
 Total Investments 
 Fixed income securities 
 Refer to the below tables for the fair value, duration, and credit rating of our fixed income securities by business: 
 2022 Run-off Assumed Life (1) 
 Total Total Fair Value Duration (years) (2) 
 Credit Rating (2) 
 Fair Value Duration (years) (2) 
 Credit Rating (2) 
 (in millions of U.S. dollars, except percentages) Fixed maturity and short-term investments, trading and AFS and funds held - directly managed U.S. government agency 496 5.2 5.9 AAA n/a n/a 496 5.2 U.K. government 81 0.9 6.5 AA- n/a n/a 81 0.9 Other government 289 3.1 6.0 AA- 134 1.4 10.3 BBB+ 423 4.5 Corporate 5,031 53.0 5.6 A- 188 2.0 6.7 BBB+ 5,219 55.0 Municipal 201 2.1 7.9 AA- n/a n/a 201 2.1 Residential mortgage-backed 536 5.7 4.6 AA+ n/a n/a 536 5.7 Commercial mortgage-backed 1,021 10.8 2.1 AA n/a n/a 1,021 10.8 Asset-backed 909 9.6 0.5 A+ n/a n/a 909 9.6 Structured products n/a n/a 586 6.2 9.7 A 586 6.2 8,564 90.4 4.6 A 908 9.6 9.2 A- 9,472 100.0 
 (1) Investments under the Assumed Life caption comprise those that support our life reinsurance business. 
 (2) The average duration and average credit rating calculations include short-term investments, fixed maturities and the fixed maturities within our funds held-directly managed portfolios at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 78 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Investments Segment 

2021 Run-off Assumed Life (1) 
 Fair Value Duration (years) (2) 
 Credit Rating (2) 
 Fair Value Duration (years) (2) 
 Credit Rating (2) 
 Total Total (in millions of U.S. dollars, except percentages) Fixed maturity and short-term investments, trading and AFS and funds held - directly managed U.S. government agency 737 6.1 6.4 AAA n/a n/a 737 6.1 U.K. government 82 0.7 9.8 AA- n/a n/a 82 0.7 Other government 387 3.2 6.8 AA 228 1.9 12.1 BBB 615 5.1 Corporate 6,532 54.1 6.4 A- 193 1.6 6.7 A- 6,725 55.7 Municipal 272 2.3 9.2 AA- n/a n/a 272 2.3 Residential mortgage-backed 597 4.9 2.8 AA+ n/a n/a 597 4.9 Commercial mortgage-backed 1,074 8.9 3.1 AA+ n/a n/a 1,074 8.9 Asset-backed 937 7.8 0.3 AA- n/a n/a 937 7.8 Structured products n/a n/a 1,033 8.5 19.2 A- 1,033 8.5 Total 10,618 88.0 5.4 A 1,454 12.0 16.4 A- 12,072 100.0 
 (1) Investments under the Assumed Life caption comprise those that support our life reinsurance business. 
 (2) The average duration and average credit ratings calculation includes short-term investments, fixed maturities and the fixed maturities within our funds held - directly managed portfolios at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The overall decrease in the balance of our fixed income securities of 2.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by the recognition of net unrealized losses on our fixed income securities and assets used to support net paid losses during the period, partially offset by assets assumed from net transactions during the year. 
 Other investments, including equities 
 Refer to the below table for the composition of our other investments, including equities: 
 2022 2021 Run-off Assumed Life Total Run-off Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Equities Publicly traded equities 385 385 281 281 Exchange-traded funds 507 507 1,342 1,342 Privately held equities 358 358 372 372 Total 1,250 1,250 1,995 1,995 Other investments Hedge funds 549 549 291 291 Fixed income funds 533 14 547 559 559 Equity funds 3 3 5 5 Private equity funds 1,282 1,282 752 752 CLO equities 148 148 161 161 CLO equity funds 203 203 207 207 Private credit funds 362 362 275 275 Real estate debt fund 202 202 69 69 Total 3,282 14 3,296 2,319 2,319 
 Our equities decreased by 745 million and our other investments increased by 977 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to the redeployment from exchange-traded funds into various non-core asset strategies, in line with our strategic asset allocation. The balances of both equities and other investments were negatively impacted by net unrealized losses during the period. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 79 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Results of Operations by Segment | Legacy Underwriting Segment 

Equity Method Investments 
 Refer to the below table for a summary of our equity method investments, which does not include those investments we have elected to measure under the fair value option: 
 2022 2021 2020 Ownership Carrying Value Earnings (losses) from Equity Method Investments Ownership Carrying Value Earnings (losses) from Equity Method Investments Earnings from Equity Method Investments (in millions of U.S. dollars) Enhanzed Re 82 147 Citco (1) 
 31.9 60 5 31.9 56 4 2 Monument Re (2) 
 20.0 110 (65) 20.0 194 14 88 Core Specialty 19.9 211 (14) 24.7 225 (6) Other 27.0 16 27.0 18 (1) 2 397 (74) 493 93 239 
 (1) We own 31.9 of the common shares in HH CTCO Holdings Limited which in turn owns 15.4 of the convertible preferred shares, amounting to a 6.2 interest in the total equity of Citco III Limited ("Citco"). 
 (2) We own 20.0 of the common shares in Monument Re as well as preferred shares which have a fixed dividend yield and whose balance is included in the investment amount. 
 Carrying Value 
 The carrying value of our equity method investments decreased from December 31, 2021 as a result of recognizing a 52 million other-than-temporary impairment in one of our equity method investments. Unfavorable cumulative translation adjustments of 16 million due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Euro, relating primarily to our investment in Monument Re whose reporting currency is the Euro, further contributed to the decrease in the carrying value of our equity method investments for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Earnings (Losses) from Equity Method Investments 
 We recognized losses from equity method investments in 2022, in comparison to earnings in 2021, primarily due the other-than-temporary impairment charge and our acquisition of the controlling interest in Enhanzed Re, effective September 1, 2021. Prior to that date, the results of Enhanzed Re were recorded in earnings from equity method investments. 
 Our earnings from equity method investments decreased from 2020 to 2021, due to reductions in both Enhanzed Re and Monument Re earnings. The reduction in Enhanzed Re earnings was primarily driven by catastrophe losses, partially offset by significant investment gains in the last quarter of 2020. The reduction in Monument Re earnings was as a result of a decrease in bargain purchase gains in 2021 in comparison to 2020. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 80 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Corporate and Other 

Legacy Underwriting Segment 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of the results of operations for our Legacy Underwriting segment. 
 2022 2021 Change 2020 Change INCOME (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net premiums earned 9 58 (49) 513 (455) Net investment income 10 3 7 33 (30) Net realized gains 2 (2) Net unrealized (losses) gains (10) (3) (7) 12 (15) Other income (expenses) 1 (15) 16 27 (42) Total income 10 43 (33) 587 (544) EXPENSES Net incurred losses and LAE Current Period 4 26 (22) 375 (349) Prior Period 3 (6) 9 (4) (2) Total net incurred losses and LAE 7 20 (13) 371 (351) Acquisition costs 1 13 (12) 151 (138) General and administrative expenses 2 10 (8) 158 (148) Total expenses 10 43 (33) 680 (637) SEGMENT (LOSS) EARNINGS (93) 93 
 
 Overall Results 
 The results for 2022 and 2021 comprise SGL No.1 Limited SGL No.1 )'s 25 gross share of the 2020 and prior underwriting years of Atrium's syndicate 609 whereas the results for 2020 comprise SGL No.1's 25 net share of Atrium's syndicate 609 and StarStone International, which was transferred to the Run-off segment effective January 1, 2021. 
 From January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022, SGL No.1 settled its share of the 2020 and prior underwriting years for the economic benefit of Atrium, and there was no net retention by Enstar. 
 The contractual arrangements between SGL No. 1, Arden and Atrium relating to the remaining net loss reserve liabilities, cash, investments and other assets that support the liabilities as of December 31, 2022 will settle in 2023. As a result, we do not expect to record any transactions in the Legacy Underwriting segment in 2023. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 81 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Corporate and Other 

Corporate and Other 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of our results of operations for our corporate and other activities. 
 2022 2021 Change 2020 Change INCOME (in millions of U.S. dollars) Other income (expense): Amortization of fair value adjustments (1) 
 (7) (16) 9 (12) (4) All other income (expense) 19 19 (7) 7 Total other income (expense) 12 (16) 28 (19) 3 Net gain on purchase and sales of subsidiaries 73 (73) 3 70 Total income 12 57 (45) (16) 73 EXPENSES Net incurred losses and LAE: Amortization of fair value adjustments (18) 16 (34) 28 (12) Changes in fair value - fair value option (2) 
 (200) (75) (125) 119 (194) Total net incurred losses and LAE (218) (59) (159) 147 (206) Policyholder benefit expenses 1 (1) 1 Amortization of net deferred charge assets 80 55 25 39 16 General and administrative expenses 142 131 11 136 (5) Total expenses 4 128 (124) 322 (194) Interest expense (89) (69) (20) (59) (10) Net foreign exchange gains (losses) 15 12 3 (16) 28 Income tax benefit (expense) 12 (27) 39 (24) (3) Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 16 (16) Net loss (earnings) attributable to noncontrolling interests 75 (15) 90 28 (43) Dividends on preferred shares (36) (36) (36) NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS (15) (206) 191 (429) 223 
 (1) Amortization of fair value adjustments relates to the acquisition of DCo, LLC and Morse TEC LLC. 
 (2) Comprises the discount rate and risk margin components. 
 
 Overall Results 
 2022 versus 2021: Net loss from corporate and other activities decreased by 191 million, primarily due to: 
 A change in net loss (earnings) attributable to noncontrolling interests of 90 million, as a result of net losses sustained in 2022 for those companies where there are noncontrolling interests; 
 A favorable change in income tax benefit of 39 million, primarily driven by current year pre-tax losses reported in the US for which we are able to recognize a partial deferred tax asset; and 
 A reduction in net incurred losses of 159 million primarily driven by: 
 A 125 million favorable change in the fair value of liabilities relating to our assumed retroactive reinsurance agreements for which we have elected the fair value option due to increases in interest rates; and 
 A 34 million favorable change in the amortization of fair value adjustments, primarily driven by the release of fair value adjustment liabilities of 33 million following the commutation of the Enhanzed Re catastrophe reserves. 
 This was partially offset by: 
 An absence of the prior year net gain on purchase and sales of subsidiaries of 73 million, as described below. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 82 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Current Outlook 

2021 versus 2020: Net loss from corporate and other activities decreased by 223 million, primarily due to: 
 A net gain recognized on the purchase and sales of subsidiaries of 73 million, which has two components: i) the 47 million gain recognized on the Step Acquisition of Enhanzed Re and ii) the net gain on sales of subsidiaries of 26 million, primarily as a result of the gain on the sale of SUL of 23 million; 
 A reduction in net incurred losses of 206 million primarily driven by the change in the fair value of liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option due to increases in corporate bond yields, partially offset by tightening credit spreads for the year ended December 31, 2021, in comparison to declining interest rates partially offset by widening credit spreads for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 This was partially offset by: 
 An unfavorable change in net (earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest of 43 million, due to higher earnings in 2021 for those companies where there is a noncontrolling interest. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 83 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Current Outlook 

Current Outlook 
 
 Run-off Outlook 
 
 Transactions 
 On February 16, 2023, certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into an LPT agreement with certain subsidiaries of QBE Insurance Group Limited QBE relating to a diversified portfolio of business underwritten between 2020 and 2018. The LPT agreement covers ground up net loss reserves of 1.9 billion and provides an additional 900 million of development coverage. Upon completion, a portion of the portfolio currently underwritten via QBE s Lloyd s syndicates 386 and 2999 will be transferred to Enstar s Syndicate 2008. 
 On February 21, 2023, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into an agreement with RACQ Insurance Limited RACQ to reinsure 80 of RACQ s motor vehicle Compulsory Third Party CTP insurance liabilities, covering accident years 2021 and prior. RACQ will cede net reserves of AUD 360 million (USD 243 million), and our subsidiary will provide AUD 200 million (USD 135 million) of additional cover in excess of the ceded reserves. 
 The closing of both transactions is subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions. 
 We continue to evaluate transactions in our active pipeline including LPTs, ADCs, and other transaction types including acquisitions. We seek opportunities to execute on creative and accretive transactions by offering innovative capital release solutions that enable our clients to meet their capital and risk management objectives. Should we execute additional transactions, our mix of loss reserves by line of business, asset mix and both rate and timing of earnings may be impacted in the medium term. 
 We expect we will invest a significant portion of premium on new transactions in fixed income securities which will deliver accretive book yields at the current elevated rates. 
 Seasonality 
 We complete most of our annual loss reserve studies in the fourth quarter of each year and, as a result, tend to record the largest movements, both favorable and adverse, to net incurred losses and LAE in this period. 
 In the interim periods where a reserve study has not been completed, we perform quarterly reviews to ascertain whether changes to claims paid or case reserves have varied from our expectations developed during the last annual reserve review. In this event, we consider the timing and magnitude of the actual versus expected development, and we may record an interim adjustment to our recorded reserves if, and when, warranted. 
 Enhanzed Re 
 On November 7, 2022, we completed the novation of our closed block of life business. We expect to recognize other income of 328 million, which we will record in the first quarter of 2023 as a result of the one quarter reporting lag with Enhanzed Re. 
 The amount of other income we will ultimately recognize will include the gain or loss on novation, activity for the period from October 1, 2022 to November 7, 2022 and the reclassification of amounts from AOCI, comprising the remeasurement adjustment to our future policyholder benefit liabilities upon adoption of the LDTI standard on January 1, 2023. 
 Our net earnings attributable to Enstar will be reduced by the amount attributable to Allianz s 24.9 noncontrolling interest in Enhanzed Re at the time of the transaction and a portion of our other income recorded will be subject to deferral over the expected settlement period for the life annuity policies to account for our pre-existing 20 ownership interest in Monument Re. 
 Investment Outlook 
 
 We expect global financial markets to remain uncertain into 2023 as a result of a potential economic recession, continued inflationary pressures, notably from the increased cost of services and a tight labor market with resultant tightening of financial conditions by global central banks, and continued geopolitical conflicts and tensions. 
 In 2022, we recognized significant unrealized losses on our fixed income securities, a trend that could continue, albeit with a likely less severe impact, in the event that interest rates continue to rise and/or credit spreads widen. If 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 84 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Current Outlook 

we renew credit facilities in the current environment, we would likely incur a higher rate of borrowing and interest costs as a result. 
 We expect that unrealized losses on our fixed income securities will be recouped as these assets get closer to their maturity and the prices pull to par. We may undertake tactical repositioning of our portfolio as opportunities arise to achieve a better result, rather than waiting for certain fixed income securities to pull to par value. 
 Elevated interest rates can represent an opportunity for us in the medium to long term, notably; 
 We hold approximately 15 of our portfolio in individual fixed income securities that have floating interest rates which, should interest rates remain elevated, we expect to be accretive to future investment income book yields. We have earned 155 million of net investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 from our floating rate investments, which are generally indexed to LIBOR. 
 Higher interest rates have provided us with the opportunity to reinvest at higher yields as our securities mature or as we invest premium received from new business. 
 Global equity markets are expected to remain cautious in 2023, and this, combined with our reporting lag on certain investments, will impact the valuation of our non-core risk investments. We invest in public equity, private equity and alternatives (including hedge fund investments), which may vary in the magnitude of their exposure to any potential economic recession. 
 Anticipations of an economic downturn, including lower earnings and lower equity multiples on equities in 2023, may further negatively impact our non-core investments but may also impact expectations of future interest rates with the resulting impact to our fixed income securities. 
 Despite these challenges, we remain committed to our strategic asset allocation and expect our non-core investments to provide attractive risk adjusted returns and diversification benefits over the medium to long term. 
 We expect to continue to benefit from our allocation to investments with inflationary pass-through components, including investments in private equity, private credit, real estate, and infrastructure asset classes and will continue to seek other attractive investment opportunities throughout 2023. 
 Inflation 
 
 We continue to monitor the inflationary impacts resulting from pandemic-related government stimulus and labor force supply pressures on our loss cost trends. 
 Our Run-off net loss reserves primarily consist of general casualty, workers compensation and asbestos lines of business which, as long tailed lines of business, have not been significantly impacted by ongoing inflationary pressures in comparison to other lines of business, such as property and auto lines. 
 The currently observed and limited impact of economic inflation on our loss cost trends reflects a combination of the opportunity we have to re-price seasoned books of business and our claims management model that seeks to settle claims in an efficient and responsive manner to protect and mitigate the impact to us from adverse outcomes. 
 While we do not currently see any new trends in the longer term trend of social inflation on certain claims, we continue to monitor claims in difficult legislative districts, seek to actively settle claims and monitor for reserving adequacy. 
 Global economic policy responses to inflation have led to increases in interest rates, which, in the short term, have had a significant impact on our investments, in particular our fixed income securities. Any further rise in interest rates will have further negative impacts on our fixed income securities. 
 There remains uncertainty around the pace and direction of inflation, and it is unlikely that a pause in rate increases, or even a cut in rates, will occur until late 2023 or even 2024. We continue to monitor liquidity, capital and potential earnings impact of these changes but remain focused on medium to long term asset allocation decisions. 
 Inflation, tight labor conditions and higher service costs continue to put pressure on wages and prices, which could impact our underlying our general and administrative expenses as we remain focused on being a competitive employer in our market. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 85 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Russian Invasion of Ukraine 
 
 The Russian invasion of Ukraine and the resulting impact on global commodity markets has increased commodity inflation rates, disrupted supply chains and generated significant insurance losses. In response, many countries have established comprehensive sanctions regimes increasing both geopolitical tension between NATO and Russia and market volatility. 
 To quantify our exposure, we have performed an analysis of, and continue to monitor, our direct investment and underwriting risks, our acquisition pipeline and the potential for operational disruption (including disruption via our third party service providers). We have concluded that we have no significant direct impacts from this event. We continue to monitor for, and respond to, all changes in the global sanctions regime, updating our procedures accordingly. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 86 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 
 
 We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet our business requirements for the next 12 months and thereafter. We aim to generate cash flows from our (re)insurance operations and investments, preserve sufficient capital for future acquisitions and new business, and develop relationships with lenders who provide borrowing capacity at competitive rates. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Highlights 
 Sources of Cash During 2022: 
 We received cash, restricted cash and cash equivalents from new business of 140 million; 
 We issued Junior Subordinated notes due 2042 of 500 million; and 
 In the fourth quarter, we borrowed and fully repaid 55 million of loans under our revolving credit facility. 
 Uses of Cash During 2022: 
 We repurchased 697,580 of our outstanding ordinary shares for an aggregate price of 163 million; 
 We repaid Senior Notes due 2022 and the Enhanzed Re Subordinated notes due 2031 with aggregate principal balances totaling 350 million; 
 We paid 55 million of dividends to our noncontrolling interest holders; and 
 We paid 36 million of cash dividends on our Series D and E Preferred Shares. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 822 million of cash and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash, that supports (re)insurance operations. Included in this amount was 340 million held by our foreign subsidiaries outside of Bermuda. 
 
 The decrease in total capitalization was due to the increase in realized and unrealized investment losses of 2.2 billion in 2022. On a statutory basis, which excludes the impact of unrealized investment losses and includes 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 87 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

discounts for loss reserves, our economic balance sheet strengthened during the year primarily due to higher interest rates. 
 Under the eligible capital rules of the Bermuda Monetary Authority BMA ), the Preferred Shares qualify as Tier 2 capital when considering the Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirements BSCR ). 
 For purposes of the financial covenants in our credit facilities, total debt excludes hybrid capital (defined as our Subordinated Notes) not exceeding 15 of total capital attributable to Enstar. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenants in our credit facilities. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources of Holding Company and Subsidiaries 

Holding Company Liquidity 
 We conduct substantially all of our operations through our subsidiaries. As such, the potential sources of liquidity to Enstar as a holding company consist of cashflows from our subsidiaries including dividends, advances and loans, and interest income on loans to our subsidiaries. We also utilize credit loan facilities, and we have issued senior notes and preferred shares and guaranteed our Junior Subordinated Notes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 600 million of available unutilized capacity under our unsecured revolving credit agreement, which expires in August 2023, and may request additional commitments under the facility up to an additional 400 million. To date, we have not requested any additional commitments under the facility. 
 We use cash to fund new acquisitions of companies. We also utilize cash for our operating expenses associated with being a public company and to pay dividends on our preferred shares and interest and principal on loans from subsidiaries and debt obligations, including loans under our credit facilities, our Senior Notes and our Junior Subordinated Notes. 
 We may, from time to time, raise capital from the issuance of equity, debt or other securities as we continuously evaluate our strategic opportunities. We filed an automatic shelf registration statement in August 2020 with the SEC to allow us to conduct future offerings of certain securities, if desired, including debt, equity and other securities. 
 As we are a holding company and have no substantial operations of our own, our assets consist primarily of investments in subsidiaries and our loans and advances to subsidiaries. Dividends from our (re)insurance subsidiaries are restricted by (re)insurance laws and regulations, as described below. The ability of all of our subsidiaries to make distributions and transfers to us may also be restricted by, among other things, other applicable laws and regulations and the terms of our credit facilities and our subsidiaries' bank loans and other issued debt instruments. 
 Based on our group's current corporate structure with a Bermuda domiciled parent company and the jurisdictions in which we operate, if the cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries were to be distributed to us, as dividends or otherwise, such amount would not be subject to incremental income taxes; however, in certain circumstances withholding taxes may be imposed by some jurisdictions, including by the United States. 
 Based on existing tax laws, regulations and our current intentions, there were no accruals as of December 31, 2022 for any material withholding taxes on dividends or other distributions. 
 
 U.S. Finance Company Liquidity 
 Enstar Finance is a wholly-owned finance subsidiary under which we have issued our Junior Subordinated Notes. Similar to our holding company, Enstar Finance is dependent upon funds from other subsidiaries to pay any amounts due under the Junior Subordinated Notes in the form of distributions or loans, which may be restricted by, among other things, other applicable laws and regulations and the terms of our credit facilities and our subsidiaries bank loans and other issued debt instruments. 
 
 Operating Company Liquidity 
 We expect that our operating companies will generate sufficient liquidity, together with our existing capital base and cash and investments acquired and from new business, to meet cash requirements and to operate our business. 
 Sources of funds to our operating companies primarily consist of cash and investment portfolios acquired on the completion of acquisitions and new business, investment income earned, proceeds from sales and maturities of investments and collection of reinsurance recoverables. We also collect premiums and fees and commission income. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 88 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash balances acquired upon the purchase of (re)insurance companies are classified as cash provided by investing activities, whereas cash from new business is classified as cash provided by operating activities. 
 The primary uses of funds by our operating companies are claims payments, investment purchases, operating expenses and collateral requirements. 
 The ability of our (re)insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other distributions is limited by the applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our (re)insurance subsidiaries operate, including Bermuda, the United Kingdom, the United States, Australia and Continental Europe, which subject these subsidiaries to significant regulatory restrictions. 
 These laws and regulations require, among other things, certain of our (re)insurance subsidiaries to maintain minimum capital requirements and limit the amount of dividends and other payments that these subsidiaries can pay to us, which in turn may limit our ability to pay dividends and make other payments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, all of our (re)insurance subsidiaries capital requirement levels were in excess of the minimum levels required. 
 Our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends and make other forms of distributions may also be limited by our repayment obligations under certain of our outstanding credit facility agreements and other debt instruments. Variability in ultimate loss payments and collateral amounts required may also result in increased liquidity requirements for our subsidiaries. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 762 million in 2022, which was largely due to cash used in investing and financing activities of 919 million and 116 million, respectively, partially offset by cash provided by operating activities of 257 million. 
 Cash and cash equivalents increased by 495 million in 2021, which was largely due to cash provided by operating activities of 3.8 billion, partially offset by cash used in investing and financing activities of 2.6 billion and 737 million, respectively. 
 Cash and cash equivalents increased by 541 million in 2021, which was largely due to cash provided by operating and financing activities of 2.8 billion and 118 million, respectively, partially offset by cash used in investing activities of 2.3 billion. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 89 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 
 2021 vs 2020 
 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Operating Cash Flow Activities Net paid losses (1,680) (1,431) (1,485) (249) 54 Cash acquired on completion of acquisitions and new business 140 2,015 1,558 (1,875) 457 Net sales and maturities of trading securities 991 3,111 1,653 (2,120) 1,458 Net investment income 416 357 326 59 31 Other sources (uses) 390 (251) 734 641 (985) Net cashflows provided by operating activities 257 3,801 2,786 (3,544) 1,015 Investing Cash Flow Activities Net sales and maturities (purchases) of AFS securities 207 (2,148) (1,921) 2,355 (227) Net purchases of Other Investments (1,132) (580) (380) (552) (200) Impact of consolidating the opening cash and restricted cash balances of the InRe Fund 574 (574) 574 Other sources (uses) 6 (419) (34) 425 (385) Net cash flows used in investing activities (919) (2,573) (2,335) 1,654 (238) Financing Cash Flow Activities Net proceeds from loans 138 242 180 (104) 62 Preferred share dividends (36) (36) (36) Share repurchases (163) (942) (26) 779 (916) Other uses (55) (1) (54) (1) Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities (116) (737) 118 621 (855) 
 Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Operating Cash Flow Activities 
 2022 vs 2021: the 3.5 billion decrease in cash provided by operating activities was driven by a decrease in the net sales and maturities of trading securities of 2.1 billion, which was primarily driven by the deployment of the InRe funds, liquidated in 2021, into other investments in line with our asset allocation strategy. The decrease was further driven by a reduction in cash provided from acquisitions of new business of 1.9 billion, as a result of receiving increased non-cash consideration in 2022, including 1.9 billion of funds held by reinsured companies in relation to the Aspen LPT and 520 million of fixed income securities, AFS, in relation to the Argo LPT, in comparison to 2021. The decrease was partially offset by increases of 641 million from other sources and 59 million from net investment income received. 
 2021 vs 2020: the 1.0 billion increase in cash provided by operating activities was driven by an increase in the cash inflows from net sales and maturities of trading securities of 1.5 billion, which was primarily driven by the liquidation of the InRe Fund, a 457 million increase in cash, restricted cash and cash equivalents from assuming new business, and a 31 million increase in net investment income received. This was partially offset by decreases of 985 million from other sources. 
 Investing Cash Flow Activities 
 2022 vs 2021: the 1.7 billion decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to net sales and maturities of fixed income securities, AFS of 207 million in 2022, in comparison to net purchases of 2.1 billion in 2021, partially offset by an increase in purchases of other investments, primarily driven by the deployment of the InRe funds, of 552 million. 
 2021 vs 2020: the 238 million increase in cash used in investing activities was driven by an increase in the net purchases of fixed income securities, AFS of 227 million and an increase in net purchases of other investments of 200 million, partially offset by the impact of consolidating the opening cash and restricted cash balances of the InRe Fund of 574 million, in 2021. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 90 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Financing Cash Flow Activities 
 2022 vs 2021: the 621 million decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by the decrease in share repurchases of 779 million, as our 2021 share repurchases were driven by strategic repurchases as described below, in addition to a decrease in the net proceeds from loans of 104 million. 
 2021 vs 2020: cash used in financing activities was 737 million in 2021, in comparison to cash provided by financing activities of 118 million in 2020. This was primarily due to 942 million of share repurchases in 2021, including 879 million attributable to the repurchase of Hillhouse Group s entire interest in Enstar, offsetting an increase in the net proceeds from loans of 62 million. 

Debt Obligations 
 
 We utilize debt financing and loan facilities primarily for funding acquisitions and significant new business, investment activities and, from time to time, for general corporate purposes. 
 Our debt obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 December 31, Origination Term 2022 2021 (in millions of U.S. dollars) 4.50 Senior Notes due 2022 March 2017 5 years 280 4.95 Senior Notes due 2029 May 2019 10 years 496 495 3.10 Senior Notes due 2031 August 2021 10 years 495 495 Total Senior Notes 991 1,270 5.75 Junior Subordinated Notes due 2040 August 2020 20 years 345 345 5.50 Junior Subordinated Notes due 2042 January 2022 20 years 493 5.50 Enhanzed Re's Subordinated Notes due 2031 December 2018 12.1 years 76 Total Subordinated Notes 838 421 Total debt obligations 1,829 1,691 
 Our debt obligations increased by 138 million from December 31, 2021, primarily due to the issuance of our 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes. This was partially offset by the repayment upon maturity of our 2022 Senior Notes using proceeds from the 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes and the repayment of Enhanzed Re s 2031 Subordinated Notes in accordance with our strategic wind-down of Enhanzed Re s operations. 
 Under the eligible capital rules of the Bermuda Monetary Authority BMA ), the Senior Notes qualify as Tier 3 capital and the Junior Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital when considering the Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirements BSCR ). 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 91 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Credit Ratings 
 The following table presents our credit ratings as of March 1, 2023: 
 Credit ratings (1) 
 Standard and Poor s Fitch Ratings Long-term issuer BBB (Outlook: Positive) BBB+ (Outlook: Stable) 2029 Senior Notes BBB BBB 2031 Senior Notes BBB- BBB 2040 and 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes BB+ BBB- Series D and E Preferred Shares BB+ BBB- 
 (1) Credit ratings are provided by third parties, Standard and Poor s and Fitch Ratings, and are subject to certain limitations and disclaimers. For information on these ratings, refer to the rating agencies websites and other publications. 
 Agency ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any of our securities and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing organization. Each agency's rating should be evaluated independently of any other agency's rating 14 . 
 
 14 For information on risks related to our credit ratings, refer to "Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Liquidity and Capital Resources" and "Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Ownership of our Shares." 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 92 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 The following table summarizes, as of December 31, 2022, our future payments under material contractual obligations and estimated payments for losses and LAE for the Run-off segment by expected payment date. The table includes only obligations that are expected to be settled in cash. 
 Short-term Long Term Total Less than 1 Year 1 - 3 years 3 - 5 years 6 - 10 years More than 10 Years (in millions of U.S. dollars) Operating Activities Estimated gross reserves for losses and LAE (1) 
 Asbestos 1,693 156 290 246 359 642 Environmental 352 42 70 54 80 106 General Casualty 4,374 751 1,015 660 1,344 604 Workers' compensation/personal accident 2,401 237 359 347 490 968 Marine, aviation and transit 505 183 163 68 53 38 Construction defect 402 96 138 43 85 40 Professional indemnity/ Directors Officers 1,406 331 399 219 373 84 Motor 568 139 167 63 79 120 Property 546 202 193 75 58 18 Other 668 248 211 77 64 68 Total outstanding losses and IBNR 12,915 2,385 3,005 1,852 2,985 2,688 ULAE 422 82 102 61 84 93 Estimated gross reserves for losses and LAE for the Run-off segment (1) 
 13,337 2,467 3,107 1,913 3,069 2,781 Financing Activities Loan repayments (including estimated interest payments) 3,050 89 176 176 1,337 1,272 Total 16,387 2,556 3,283 2,089 4,406 4,053 
 (1) The reserves for losses and LAE represent management s estimate of the ultimate cost of settling losses. The estimation of losses is based on various complex and subjective judgments. Actual losses paid may differ, perhaps significantly, from the reserve estimates reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Similarly, the timing of payment of our estimated losses is not fixed and there may be significant changes in actual payment activity. The assumptions used in estimating the likely payments due by period are based on our historical claims payment experience and industry payment patterns, but due to the inherent uncertainty in the process of estimating the timing of such payments, there is a risk that the amounts paid in any such period can be significantly different from the amounts disclosed above. The amounts in the above table represent our estimates of known liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and do not take into account corresponding reinsurance recoverable amounts that would be due to us. Furthermore, certain of the reserves included in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 were acquired by us and initially recorded at fair value with subsequent amortization, whereas the expected payments by period in the table above are the estimated payments at a future time and do not reflect the fair value adjustment in the amount payable. 
 Reserves for Losses and LAE 
 We generally attempt to match the duration of our investment portfolio to the duration of our general liability profile. We generally seek to maintain investment portfolios that are shorter or of equivalent duration to the liabilities in order to provide liquidity for the settlement of losses and, where possible, to avoid having to liquidate longer-dated investments. The settlement of liabilities also has the potential to accelerate the natural payout of losses and policyholder benefits, which may require additional liquidity. As of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average durations of our Run-off segment gross reserves for losses and LAE were 4.65 and 6.18, respectively. The decrease from 2021 was driven by shorter average payouts from new acquisitions and an increase in yield curves during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 93 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Future Policyholder Benefits 
 In November 2022, Enhanzed Re completed a novation of the reinsurance closed block of life annuity policies to Monument Re. We settled the life liabilities and the related assets at carrying value in return for cash consideration, and expect to record a gain on novation in our first quarter 2023 results as a result of the one quarter reporting lag 15 . Given the novation, we did not include the expected payments of the liability in the table above. 
 Debt Obligations 
 The amounts presented in this table represent Enstar s total debt obligations. Refer to the Debt Obligations section above for further details. 
 RNCI 
 In addition to the contractual obligations noted in the table above, we have the right to purchase the redeemable non-controlling interest RNCI related to StarStone International from the Trident V Funds and Dowling Capital Partners I, L.P. and Capital City Partners LLC (collectively, the Dowling Funds after March 31, 2023 (a "call right") and the RNCI holders have the right to sell their RNCI interests to us after December 31, 2022 (a "put right"). 
 
 Share Repurchases and Dividends 
 
 Our strategy is to retain earnings and invest distributions from our operating subsidiaries into our business. We may choose to return value to shareholders in the form of share repurchases or dividends. For details on our share repurchase programs, refer to Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements. To date, we have not declared any dividends on our ordinary shares. We may re-evaluate this strategy from time to time based on overall market conditions and other factors. 
 We have 16,000 Series D Preferred Shares with an aggregate liquidation value of 400 million and 4,400 Series E Preferred Shares with an aggregate liquidation value of 110 million. The dividends on both Series of Preferred Shares are non-cumulative and may be paid quarterly in arrears, only when, as and if declared. 
 Any payment of common or preferred dividends must be approved by our Board. Our ability to pay ordinary and preferred dividends is subject to certain restrictions. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have entered into certain investment commitments and parental guarantees 16 . We also utilize unsecured and secured letters of credit 17 LOCs and a deposit facility. We do not believe it is reasonably likely that these arrangements will have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues and expenses, results of operations, liquidity, cash requirements or capital resources. 
 Short-term Long Term Less than 1 Year More than 1 Year Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) Investing Activities Unfunded investment commitments (1) 
 391 1,402 1,793 
 (1) Refer to Note 25 to our consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 
 15 Refer to Note 26 to our consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 16 Refer to Note 25 to our consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 17 Refer to Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 94 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We believe the following accounting policies are most dependent on significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 
 Losses and LAE 

Run-off 
 Losses and LAE liabilities represent our best estimate of the ultimate remaining liability for unpaid losses and LAE for incurred claims as of the balance sheet date. This includes provisions for claims that have been reported but are unpaid at the balance sheet date (Outstanding Loss Reserves, or "OLR") and for obligations on claims that have been incurred but not reported ("IBNR") at the balance sheet date. IBNR may also include provisions to account for the possibility that reported claims may settle for amounts that differ from the established case reserves as well as the potential for closed claims to re-open. 
 Establishing loss reserves can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty. Because a significant amount of time can lapse between our assumption of the risk, the occurrence of a loss event, the reporting of the event to us and the ultimate payment of the claim on the loss event, the liability for unpaid losses and LAE is based largely upon estimates. Certain types of exposure, typically latent health exposures such as asbestos-related claims, have inherently long reporting delays, in some cases many years, from the date a loss occurred to the manifestation and reporting of a claim and ultimately until the final settlement of the claim, and that could impact the amount of reliance we place on our actual historical data. 
 We use considerable judgment in the process of developing these estimates of loss reserves, which involves uncertainty in several areas, including use of actual or industry data for model inputs, and various projection assumptions and judgements depending on product lines, coverage type, or policy year. We may record additional estimates based upon our judgement as to the applicability of the facts, circumstances and external environment to each portfolio. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, IBNR reserves (net of reinsurance balances recoverable) accounted for 6.1 billion, or 51.3 , and 6.8 billion, or 59.4 , respectively, of our total Run-off net losses and LAE reserves, excluding ULAE 18 . 
 Our estimate of loss reserves for each portfolio generally relies on the following key judgments: 
 The degree of reliance upon historic actual claims trends or industry data for claims trends. 
 Separation of each portfolio into homogenous data sets, generally by line of business, or reserving class. 
 Methods used in analyzing and projecting potential reserve positions and the mix of methods selected to form an aggregate reserve position for each portfolio 19 . 
 Our degree of reliance or adjustment as a result of external factors such as economic conditions (inflation and unemployment statistics), legal conditions (judicial rulings in each relevant jurisdiction) and social environmental factors (medical cost trends, changes in regulations or public health). 
 Consideration of additional information such as changes in claims handling activities, third party claims operating reviews, third party actuarial reviews or changes in our reinsurance programs. 
 Judgments are based on numerous factors and may be revised as additional data becomes available, as new or improved methods are developed, or as laws change. This means that ultimate loss payments may differ from the losses and LAE estimate made at the balance sheet date. 
 In addition, key assumptions are made within each method, although the sensitivity to each assumption may vary within each method and even within each reserving class and accident year of each method. Such assumptions would include: 
 Loss development factors are used to extrapolate current losses on an accident year to our full expected losses based upon judgements of historical trends on earlier accident years. 
 
 18 For a breakdown of our Run-off gross and net losses and LAE reserves by line of business, and ULAE, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, refer to Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 19 Refer to Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further description of the methodologies used for establishing reserves. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 95 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Tail factors further extrapolate our longer tailed lines where payments expected in later years or decades can be more uncertain than settlements that preceded them both in the timing and amount of cash flows. As such, lines with more expected payments in the tail are more sensitive to tail assumptions. 
 Expected loss ratios are used for years where we do not yet have credible experience. 
 Loss cost trend factors are used to extrapolate future loss expectations based upon observed trends. 
 We perform, at least annually, a formal review process of each portfolio of reserves in accordance with Actuarial Standards of Practice. These reviews may be performed using internal or independent credentialed actuaries. 
 In addition, we project expected paid and incurred loss development for each class of business, which is monitored on a quarterly basis. Should actual paid and incurred development differ significantly from the expected paid and incurred development, we will investigate the cause and, in conjunction with our actuaries, consider whether any adjustment to total loss reserves is required. 
 Adjustments resulting from changes in our estimates are recorded in the period when such adjustments are determined. The ultimate liability for losses and LAE is likely to differ from the original estimate due to a number of factors, primarily consisting of the overall claims activity occurring during any period, including the completion of commutations of assumed liabilities and ceded reinsurance receivables, policy buy-backs and general incurred claims activity. 
 
 Loss Reserving (Latent Claims) 
 
 Sensitivity to Underlying Assumptions of our Actuarial Methods 
 While we believe our reserve for losses and LAE at December 31, 2022 is reasonable, the estimation of these reserves is a complex process that depends on a number of factors and assumptions. As noted previously, our best estimate of our loss reserves involves considerable judgement, considering the results from a number of reserving methodologies. Therefore, these estimates are susceptible to changes in assumptions. We consider each of the following sensitivities a reasonable deviation for the key assumptions for each of our significant lines of business. 
 Line of Business Net Reserves Sensitivity Estimated range in variation (in millions of U.S. Dollars) Asbestos 1,628 +/- 10 in expected number of claims +/- 10 in average indemnity +/- 125 +/- 165 General Casualty 4,254 +/- 10 in tail development factor (5+ years) +/- 1 in loss cost trend +/- 190 +/- 195 Workers Compensation 2,175 +/- 2.5 increase in medical inflation +/- 455 Professional Indemnity/Directors and Officers 1,250 +/- 2.5 in loss cost trend +/- 105 Motor 377 +/- 2.5 in loss cost trend +/- 35 
 Asbestos Reserve estimates for this line are subject to greater variability than reserves for more traditional exposures. Claims are spread across multiple policy years based on the still evolving case law in various jurisdictions and inconsistent court decisions and judicial interpretations, making historical development patterns unreliable to forecast the future claim payments. A key consideration in setting our asbestos reserves is the volume of future claim filings, and the average indemnity of those claims. 
 General Casualty This is a long tail class of business with long reporting and paid developing factors, and we generally use a combination of reserving methodologies on this line. Because of the long tail nature, the reserves are susceptible to variation in loss development factors and loss cost trends that may develop over an extended period of time over multiple accident years. A key assumption in setting our general casualty reserves is the provision for claim payments in the tail. 
 Workers Compensation We generally use a combination of loss development and expected loss ratio methods due to the long tail nature of this line. A portion of our workers compensation reserves cover medical expense for future treatments of injured workers. Given the long development patterns associated with workers compensation business, these claims are exposed to medical inflation. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 96 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Professional Indemnity/Directors and Officers Due to the nature of this line, there is increased uncertainty in the number and severity of claims, which results in an expectation of high volatility and uncertainty in loss trends. 
 Motor - This business is generally more short tail in nature, and the majority of the claims are resolved within a few years of occurrence. A key component in estimating motor reserves is the severity of claims. 
 
 Asbestos Claims 
 A number of our subsidiaries, and counterparties who underwrote the insurance policy portfolios we assumed, have exposure to bodily injury claims from alleged exposure to asbestos. 
 The United States asbestos exposure arises mainly from general liability insurance policies underwritten prior to 1986, which our subsidiaries or counterparties either wrote directly, on a primary or excess basis, or as reinsurance. 
 Our United Kingdom asbestos exposures emanate from Employers' Liability insurance policies written in 2005 and prior. 
 Asbestos bodily injury claims differ from other bodily injury claims due to the long latency period for asbestos, which often triggers a policyholder s coverage over multiple policy periods. The long latency period, combined with the lack of clear judicial precedent with respect to coverage interpretations and expanded theories of liability, increases the uncertainty of the asbestos claim reserve estimates. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net loss reserves for asbestos-related claims comprised 13.6 and 16.7 , respectively, of total Run-off net reserves for losses and LAE liabilities excluding ULAE. In addition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we also had 786 million and 826 million of defendant asbestos liabilities, respectively 20 . 
 
 Environmental Claims 
 Our subsidiaries and counterparties who underwrote the insurance policy portfolios we assumed have exposure to environmental claims from general liability insurance policies written prior to the mid-1980s, that were not specifically written to cover damage to the environment from gradual releases of pollutants. Similar to asbestos, there is additional uncertainty with respect to environmental reserves as compared to other general liability exposures. This added uncertainty is due to the multiple policy periods and allocation of claims to policy years, number of solvent potentially responsible parties at any site, ultimate cost of the remediation, the number of ultimate sites and changes to judicial precedence. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net loss reserves for environmental pollution-related claims comprised 2.8 and 3.2 , respectively, of total Run-off net reserves for losses and LAE excluding ULAE. In addition, we also have 10 million and 11 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of direct environmental liabilities 21 . 
 
 Asbestos and Environmental Reserving 
 The ultimate losses from A E claims cannot be estimated using traditional actuarial reserving methods that extrapolate losses to an ultimate basis using loss development, and therefore we use alternative projection methods. Claims are spread across multiple policy years based on the still evolving case law in each jurisdiction, making historical development patterns unreliable to forecast the future claim payments. Our estimate of loss reserves for A E claims relies on the following key factors and judgements: 
 The degree of reliance or adjustment based on the legal and social environment, to which these liabilities are particularly sensitive. The current legal environment and the impact of specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims are key with these types of claims. 
 The degree of reliance upon actual claims data and trends or industry data for claims trends. 
 Methods used in analyzing and projecting potential reserve positions and the mix of methods selected to form an aggregate reserve position for each portfolio 22 . 
 Judgements are based on numerous factors and may be revised as additional data becomes available, as new or improved methods are developed, or as laws change. This means that ultimate loss payments may differ from the losses and LAE estimate made at the balance sheet date. 
 
 20 As described in Note 12 in our consolidated financial statements. 
 21 As described in Note 12 in our consolidated financial statements. 
 22 Refer to Note 10 in our consolidated financial statements, for further description of the methodologies used for establishing reserves. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 97 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Key assumptions are made within each method, although the sensitivity to each assumption may vary within each method and even within each reserving class and accident year of each method. When the asbestos exposure analysis (frequency and severity) method is applied, such assumptions would include: 
 Trends with respect to average claim indemnity, which are used to extrapolate future claim costs. 
 Trends in claim filing patterns, which will be used to estimate the number of future claims. 
 We also use a combination of additional actuarial methods, including the paid survival ratio, paid market share, decay factor, and other methods to periodically reevaluate the continued reasonableness of recorded loss reserves. 
 
 Change in Reserve Assumptions 
 Changes in reserve estimates can be driven by updated experience and by changes in assumptions. These are linked as updated information leads to changes in assumptions. We have estimated what portion of changes in ultimate losses from acquisition years 2013 to 2022 are attributable to experience and what portion are attributable to assumptions. 
 Line of Business Change in Ultimate Losses Change due to Experience Change due to Assumptions Asbestos (0.7) (0.5) (0.2) General Casualty 2.1 (0.1) 2.2 Workers Compensation (7.6) (5.2) (2.4) Professional Indemnity/Directors and Officers 1.4 (0.1) 1.5 Motor 4.0 1.1 2.9 
 
 Defendant asbestos and environmental liabilities 
 
 Defendant A E liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets include amounts for indemnity and defense costs for pending and future claims, determined using standard actuarial techniques for asbestos-related exposures. Defendant A E liabilities also include amounts for environmental liabilities associated with our properties. These are non-insurance liabilities since they are held by non-insurance subsidiaries and are presented separately on our consolidated balance sheets. These reserves will be sensitive to similar industry trends and assumptions as observed in our A E reserves as described under the Loss and LAE section above, specifically claim trends and indemnity. However, we use utilize different methodologies to estimate the defendant A E liabilities as compared to our loss reserves 23 . 
 Key drivers for this estimate are the amount of future claim filings and average indemnity, which are key indicators of the amount of liabilities. The table below provides sensitivities of these drivers for defendant A E. 
 Net Liability Sensitivity Estimated Range in Variation (in millions of U.S. Dollars) 572 +/- 10 in expected number of claims +/- 10 in average indemnity +/- 45 +/- 55 
 Change in Liability Assumptions 
 Similar to reserves, changes in defendant A E liabilities can be driven by updated experience and by changes in assumptions. These are linked as updated information leads to changes in assumptions. We have estimated what portion of changes in the liabilities are attributable to experience and what portion are attributable to assumptions 24 . 
 Change in Total Liability Change due to Experience Change due to Assumptions (in millions of U.S. Dollars) (2) (2) 
 
 23 As described in Note 12 in our consolidated financial statements. 
 24 For information on our defendant A E liabilities, refer to Note 2 and Note 12 in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 98 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Valuation Allowances on Deferred Tax Assets 
 
 At each balance sheet date, we assess the need to establish a valuation allowance that reduces deferred tax assets (including those generated from operations as well as those acquired in business combinations) when it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 The determination of the need for a valuation allowance is based on all available information including 
 projections of future taxable income; 
 our forecast of future taxable income considers several factors, including actual net earnings in recent years, future sustainability and likelihood of positive earnings; and 
 tax planning strategies. 
 Projections of future taxable income incorporate assumptions of future business and operations that may differ from actual experience. 
 If our assumptions and estimates that resulted in our forecast of future taxable income prove to be incorrect, an additional valuation allowance could become necessary, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 From 2021 to 2022, we had an increase in our valuation allowance of 52 million, driven mostly by increase in our DTA associated with unrealized investment losses and net operating loss carryforwards in the U.S. and U.K. jurisdictions as we do not make a hold to recovery assertion on unrealized losses. In assessing the recoverability of the DTA, we consider forecasts of future income for our U.S. business using assumptions about future macroeconomic and company specific conditions and events. While our forecasts of future taxable income have remained consistent, these forecasts are judgmental and involve a level of uncertainty, such that a 10 decrease to forecasted future income could increase the valuation allowance by up to 8 or 15 million 25 . 
 
 Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

Level 3 Investments 
 We measure fair value using a standard hierarchy based on the quality of inputs used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). 
 Level 3 fair value measurements are based on unobservable inputs where there is little or no market activity. We utilize unadjusted third party pricing sources and internal valuation models to determine these fair values. Our assessment of the significance of these unobservable inputs to the fair value measurement requires judgement. 
 Our Level 3 investments consist primarily of privately held equity securities, and we value these securities using observable and unobservable inputs. While the observable inputs are based on readily available market data, the unobservable inputs involve increased uncertainty and judgement in their selection and application. Key drivers of the valuation are the peer multiple and the expected term (in years). The peer multiple is calculated from a group of peer companies and that multiple is then applied to the invested company as a key input to calculate the value. The expected term is used in the option pricing model as a key input to calculate the value of the privately held equity securities. The option pricing model is only used for one investment which has a more complex securities structure that includes different liquidation preferences for each security class. We consider the following sensitivity a reasonable deviation for this key input: 
 Sensitivity Investments Estimated Range in Variation (in millions of U.S. dollars) +/- 10 peer multiple 294 +/- 29 +/- 3 year exit term 190 +/- 22 

25 For information on valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, refer to "Income Taxes" within Note 2 in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 99 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7 | Management Discussion and Analysis | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Fair Value Option - Insurance Contracts 
 We have elected to apply the fair value option for certain LPT reinsurance transactions that originated in 2017 and 2018. This is an irrevocable election that applies to all balances under the insurance contract, including reinsurance recoverable and the liability for losses and LAE. 
 The fair value of the liability for losses and LAE and reinsurance recoverable under these contracts is presented separately in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Changes in the fair value of the liability for losses and LAE and reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses are included in net incurred losses and LAE in our consolidated statement of operations. 
 We use an internal model to calculate the fair value of the liability for losses and LAE and reinsurance recoverable asset for certain retroactive reinsurance contracts where we have elected the fair value option. 
 The fair value is calculated as the aggregate of discounted cash flows plus a risk margin. 
 The discounted cash flow approach uses: 
 i. estimated nominal cash flows based upon an appropriate payment pattern developed in accordance with actuarial methods and 
 ii. a discount rate based upon high quality rated corporate bond yields plus a credit spread for non-performance risk. The model uses corporate bond rates across the yield curve depending on the estimated timing of the future cash flows and specific to the currency of the risk. 
 The risk margin was calculated using the present value of the cost of capital. The cost of capital approach uses 
 i. projected capital requirements, 
 ii. multiplied by the risk cost of capital representing the return required for non-hedgeable risk based upon the weighted average cost of capital less investment income, and 
 iii. discounted using the weighted average cost of capital. 
 The fair value model uses a combination of observable and unobservable inputs in its use and application. While the observable inputs are based on readily available market data, the unobservable inputs involve increased uncertainty and judgement in their selection and application. Specifically, the risk margin calculated is dependent on the following inputs: 
 a. Yield curve using high quality rated corporate bond rates across different currencies, notably the British Pound, US dollar, and the Euro. 
 b. Weighted average cost of capital WACC ), which represents a proxy for the industry cost of capital, and is calculated utilizing various inputs. 
 c. Average payout of the liabilities, which reflects the timing of expected future claim payments. 
 We consider the following sensitivity a reasonable deviation for these key assumptions 26 : 
 Net Fair Value Liabilities Sensitivity Estimated Range in Variation (in millions of U.S. dollars) 1,011 +/- 50bps WACC +/- 5 1,011 +/- 1 year in average payout +/- 35 1,011 +/- 50bps yield curve +/- 25 
 While the yield curve is an observable input since it is based on readily determinable corporate bond rates, it generally has the biggest impact to the fair value in a given year apart from changes in loss estimates. At year-end 2022, there was a 219 million decrease in the liability due to an increase in the yield curve along with a 21 million decrease in the liability due to a 0.45 increase in the credit spread for non-performance risk as credit spreads have widened with the increase in yield curve. 
 The WACC remained unchanged from 2020 to 2022. 
 
 26 The observable and unobservable inputs used in the model are further described in Note 13 in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 100 

Table of Contents 

The average payout of the liability is adjusted every period to reflect actual net payments during the period and expected future payments, and any acceleration or deceleration of the estimated payment pattern will impact the average payout that would result in an impact to the value of the liability. 
 During 2022, there was an acceleration in the payment pattern, which decreased the average payout and resulted in a 2 million increase to the liability. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 27 
 In August 2018, Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU 2018-12, Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts. 
 The amendments are intended to improve the existing recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure requirements for long-duration contracts issued by an insurance entity, and will require more frequent updating of assumptions and a standardized discount rate for the future policy benefit liability. 
 Companies are required to apply the guidance as of and record transition adjustments from January 1, 2021 through to the date the standard is adopted, at which point the measurement impact is recognized. We will adopt ASU 2018-12 effective January 1, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 

27 See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for a more detailed discussion of ASU 2018-12, as well as newly adopted accounting pronouncements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 101 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The following risk management discussion and the estimated amounts generated from the sensitivity analysis presented are forward-looking statements of market risk assuming certain market conditions occur. Future results may differ materially from these estimated results due to, among other things, actual developments in the global financial markets, changes in the composition of our investment portfolio or changes in our business strategies. The results of the analysis we use to assess and mitigate risk are not projections of future events or losses. See "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" for additional information regarding our forward-looking statements. 
 We are principally exposed to four types of market risk: interest rate risk; credit risk; equity price risk and foreign currency risk. Our policies to address these risks in 2022 are not materially different than those used in 2021, and based on our current knowledge and expectations, we do not currently anticipate significant changes in our market risk exposures or in how we will manage those exposures in future reporting periods. However, due to the ongoing uncertainty and volatility in financial markets as a result of continued inflationary pressure, ongoing disruptions and decoupling of supply chains, geopolitical conflicts and tensions and various governmental responses thereto, we expect interest rates, credit spreads and global equity markets to remain volatile in the near-term. Furthermore, inflation and tightening of financial conditions by global central banks have increased the risk of defaults across many industries. As a result, we continue to closely monitor market risk during this time. 
 
 Interest Rate and Credit Spread Risk 
 
 Interest rate risk is the price sensitivity of a security to changes in interest rates. Credit spread risk is the price sensitivity of a security to changes in credit spreads. Our investment portfolio and funds held - directly managed includes fixed maturity and short-term investments, whose fair values will fluctuate with changes in interest rates and credit spreads. We attempt to maintain adequate liquidity in our fixed income securities portfolio with a strategy designed to emphasize the preservation of our invested assets and provide sufficient liquidity for the prompt payment of claims, contract liabilities and future policyholder benefits, as well as for settlement of commutation payments. We also monitor the duration and structure of our investment portfolio. 
 The following tables, presented on a consolidated, Run-off and Legacy Underwriting business and Assumed Life business basis, summarize the aggregate hypothetical change in fair value from an immediate parallel shift in the treasury yield curve, assuming credit spreads remain constant in our fixed maturity and short-term investments portfolio classified as trading and AFS, our funds held directly managed portfolio and our fixed income funds and our fixed income exchange-traded funds, and excludes investments classified as held-for-sale: 
 Consolidated Interest Rate Shift in Basis Points As of December 31, 2022 -100 -50 +50 +100 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Total Market Value (1) 
 10,794 10,513 10,246 9,993 9,755 Market Value Change from Base 5.3 2.6 (2.5) (4.8) Change in Unrealized Value 548 267 (253) (491) As of December 31, 2021 -100 -50 +50 +100 Total Market Value (1) 
 14,601 14,182 13,796 13,438 13,099 Market Value Change from Base 5.8 2.8 (2.6) (5.1) Change in Unrealized Value 805 386 (358) (697) 
 (1) Excludes equity exchange-traded funds of 439 million and 373 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in the Equity Price Risk section below. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 102 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Run-off and Legacy Underwriting 
 Interest Rate Shift in Basis Points As of December 31, 2022 -100 -50 +50 +100 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Total Market Value (1) 
 9,773 9,550 9,338 9,136 8,945 Market Value Change from Base 4.7 2.3 (2.2) (4.2) Change in Unrealized Value 435 212 (202) (393) As of December 31, 2021 -100 -50 +50 +100 Total Market Value (1) 
 12,959 12,638 12,342 12,066 11,803 Market Value Change from Base 5.0 2.4 (2.2) (4.4) Change in Unrealized Value 617 296 (276) (539) 
 (1) Excludes equity exchange-traded funds of 439 million and 373 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which are included in the Equity Price Risk section below. 
 Assumed Life Interest Rate Shift in Basis Points As of December 31, 2022 -100 -50 +50 +100 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Total Market Value 1,021 963 908 857 810 Market Value Change from Base 12.4 6.1 (5.6) (10.8) Change in Unrealized Value 113 55 (51) (98) As of December 31, 2021 -100 -50 +50 +100 Total Market Value 1,642 1,544 1,454 1,372 1,296 Market Value Change from Base 12.9 6.2 (5.6) (10.9) Change in Unrealized Value 188 90 (82) (158) 
 Actual shifts in interest rates may not change by the same magnitude across the maturity spectrum or on an individual security and, as a result, the impact on the fair value of our fixed maturity securities, short-term investments, funds held - directly managed, fixed income funds and fixed income exchange-traded funds may be materially different from the resulting change in value indicated in the tables above. 
 The following tables, presented on a consolidated, Run-off and Legacy Underwriting business and Assumed Life business basis, summarize the aggregate hypothetical change in fair value from an immediate parallel shift in credit spreads assuming interest rates remain fixed, in our fixed maturity and short-term investments portfolio classified as trading and AFS, our funds held directly managed portfolio, our fixed income funds and our fixed income exchange-traded funds, and excludes investments classified as held-for-sale: 
 Credit Spread Shift in Basis Points As of December 31, 2022 -100 -50 +50 +100 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Total Market Value (1) 
 10,797 10,515 10,246 9,991 9,749 Market Value Change from Base 5.4 2.6 (2.5) (4.9) Change in Unrealized Value 551 269 (255) (497) As of December 31, 2021 -100 -50 +50 +100 Total Market Value (1) 
 14,560 14,166 13,796 13,448 13,119 Market Value Change from Base 5.5 2.7 (2.5) (4.9) Change in Unrealized Value 764 370 (348) (677) 
 (1) Excludes equity exchange-traded funds of 439 million and 373 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which are included in the Equity Price Risk section below. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 103 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Run-off and Legacy Underwriting 
 Credit Spread Shift in Basis Points As at December 31, 2022 -100 -50 +50 +100 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Total Market Value (1) 
 9,771 9,550 9,338 9,136 8,943 Market Value Change from Base 4.6 2.3 (2.2) (4.2) Change in Unrealized Value 433 212 (202) (395) As at December 31, 2021 -100 -50 +50 +100 Total Market Value (1) 
 12,935 12,630 12,342 12,070 11,811 Market Value Change from Base 4.8 2.3 (2.2) (4.3) Change in Unrealized Value 593 288 (272) (531) 
 (1) Excludes equity exchange-traded funds of 439 million and 373 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which are included in the Equity Price Risk section below. 
 
 Assumed Life Credit Spread Shift in Basis Points As at December 31, 2022 -100 -50 +50 +100 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Total Market Value 1,026 965 908 855 806 Market Value Change from Base 13.0 6.3 (5.8) (11.2) Change in Unrealized Value 118 57 (53) (102) As at December 31, 2021 -100 -50 +50 +100 Total Market Value 1,625 1,536 1,454 1,378 1,308 Market Value Change from Base 11.8 5.6 (5.2) (10.0) Change in Unrealized Value 171 82 (76) (146) 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 Credit risk relates to the uncertainty of a counterparty s ability to make timely payments in accordance with contractual terms of the instrument or contract. We are exposed to direct credit risk primarily within our portfolios of fixed maturity and short-term investments, through customers, brokers and reinsurers in the form of premiums receivable and reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses, respectively, and through ceding companies who retain premium owed to us as collateral for the payment of claims, each as discussed below. 
 
 Fixed Maturity and Short-Term Investments 
 
 As a holder of 9.6 billion of fixed maturity and short-term investments, we also have exposure to credit risk as a result of investment ratings downgrades or issuer defaults. In an effort to mitigate this risk, our investment portfolio consists primarily of investment grade-rated, liquid, fixed maturity investments of short-to-medium duration. At December 31, 2022, 36.9 of our fixed maturity and short-term investment portfolio was rated AA or higher by a major rating agency (December 31, 2021: 38.6 with 6.5 rated lower than BBB- or non-rated (December 31, 2021: 5.6 ). The portfolio as a whole, including cash, restricted cash, fixed maturity and short term investments and funds held - directly managed, had an average credit quality rating of A+ as of December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: A+). In addition, we manage our portfolio pursuant to guidelines that follow what we believe are prudent standards of diversification. The guidelines limit the allowable holdings of a single issue and issuers and, as a result, we believe we do not have significant concentrations of credit risk. 
 A summary of our fixed maturity and short-term investments by credit rating is as follows: 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 104 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Credit rating 2022 2021 Change AAA 23.3 23.5 (0.2) AA 13.6 15.1 (1.5) A 33.4 30.2 3.2 BBB 23.2 25.6 (2.4) Non-investment grade 6.0 5.3 0.7 Not rated 0.5 0.3 0.2 Total 100.0 100.0 Average credit rating A+ A+ 
 
 Reinsurance Balances Recoverable on Paid and Unpaid Losses 
 
 We have exposure to credit risk as it relates to our reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses. Our (re)insurance subsidiaries remain liable to the extent that retrocessionaires do not meet their contractual obligations and, therefore, we evaluate and monitor concentration of credit risk among our reinsurers 28 . 
 
 Funds Held 
 
 Under funds held arrangements, the reinsured company has retained funds that would otherwise have been remitted to our reinsurance subsidiaries. The funds held balance is credited with investment income and losses payable are deducted. We are subject to credit risk if the reinsured company is unable to honor the value of the funds held balances, such as in the event of insolvency. Our funds held are shown under two categories on the consolidated balance sheets, where funds held upon which we receive the underlying portfolio investment returns are shown as "Funds held - directly managed", and funds held where we receive a fixed crediting rate or other contractually agreed return are shown as "Funds held by reinsured companies". Both types of funds held are subject to credit risk. We routinely monitor the creditworthiness of reinsured companies with whom we have funds held arrangements. As of December 31, 2022, we had funds held concentrations to reinsured companies exceeding 10 of shareholders equity of 5.0 billion (December 31, 2021: 4.4 billion) in aggregate. However, we generally have the contractual ability to offset any shortfall in the payment of the funds held balances with amounts owed by us to the reinsured for losses payable and other amounts contractually due. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 
 Our portfolio of equity investments, excluding our fixed income exchange-traded funds but including the equity funds, has exposure to equity price risk, which is the risk of potential loss in fair value resulting from adverse changes in stock prices. Our fixed income exchange-traded funds are excluded from the below analysis and have been included within the interest rate and credit spread risk analysis above, as these exchange-traded funds are part of our fixed income investment strategy and are backed by fixed income instruments. The following table summarizes the aggregate hypothetical change in fair value from a 10 decline in the overall market prices of our equities at risk: 
 2022 2021 Change (in millions of U.S. dollars) Publicly traded equity investments in common and preferred stocks 385 281 104 Privately held equity investments in common and preferred stocks 358 372 (14) Private equity funds 1,282 752 530 Equity funds 3 5 (2) Equity exchange traded funds 439 373 66 Fair value of equities at risk 2,467 1,783 684 Impact of 10 decline in fair value 247 178 69 
 
 28 A discussion of our reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses is in Note 8 in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 105 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Hedge Funds 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had investments of 549 million (December 31, 2021: 291 million) in hedge funds, included within our other investments, at fair value, that have exposure to interest rate, credit spread, and equity price risk given the underlying assets in those funds. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the impact of a 10 decline in the fair value of these investments would have been 55 million and 29 million, respectively. 
 Convertible Bonds 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had investments of 233 million (December 31, 2021: 223 million) in convertible bonds, included within our fixed income portfolio, that have exposure to equity price risk given the embedded derivatives in those investments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, a 10 decline in the underlying equity prices would result in a 8 million (December 31, 2021: 11 million) decline in the fair value of these investments. The sensitivity of the convertible bonds to interest rate and credit spread shocks have been included in the interest rate and credit spread analysis above. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 The table below summarizes our net exposures as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 to foreign currencies: 
 AUD CAD EUR GBP Other Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) As of December 31, 2022 Total net foreign currency exposure 17 7 (314) 96 29 (164) Pre-tax impact of a 10 movement in USD (1) 
 2 1 (31) 10 3 (16) As of December 31, 2021 Total net foreign currency exposure (6) (10) 15 16 (3) 12 Pre-tax impact of a 10 movement in USD (1) 
 (1) (1) 2 2 1 
 (1) Assumes 10 change in U.S. dollar relative to other currencies. 
 Through our subsidiaries located in various jurisdictions, we conduct our (re)insurance operations in a variety of non-U.S. currencies. We have the following exposures to foreign currency risk: 
 Transaction Risk: The functional currency for the majority of our subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Within these entities, any fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar has a direct impact on the valuation of our assets and liabilities denominated in other currencies. All changes in foreign exchange rates, with the exception of non-U.S. dollar AFS investments, are recognized in our consolidated statements of earnings. Changes in foreign exchange rates relating to non-U.S. dollar AFS investments are recorded in AOCI in shareholders equity. Our subsidiaries with non-U.S. dollar functional currencies are also exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to their own functional currency. 
 Translation Risk: We have net investments in certain European, British, and Australian subsidiaries whose functional currencies are the Euro, British pound and Australian dollar, respectively. The foreign exchange gain or loss resulting from the translation of their financial statements from their respective functional currency into U.S. dollars is recorded in the cumulative translation adjustment account, which is a component of AOCI in shareholders equity. 
 Our foreign currency policy is to broadly manage, where possible, our foreign currency risk by: 
 Seeking to match our liabilities under (re)insurance policies that are payable in foreign currencies with assets that are denominated in such currencies, subject to regulatory constraints. 
 Selectively utilizing foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate foreign currency risk. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 106 

Table of Contents 

 We use foreign currency forward exchange rate contracts to manage foreign currency risk. To the extent our foreign currency exposure is not matched or hedged, we may experience foreign exchange losses or gains, which would be reflected in our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 107 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 108 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (on the 2021 and 2020 consolidated financial statements) (PCAOB ID 
 111 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 114 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 115 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 116 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 117 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 118 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 120 
 Note 1 - Basis of Presentation 
 120 
 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 
 121 
 Note 3 - Segment Information 
 132 
 Note 4 - Business Acquisitions 
 136 
 Note 5 - Divestitures, Held-for-Sale Businesses and Discontinued Operations 
 138 
 Note 6 - Investments 
 141 
 Note 7 - Derivatives and Hedging Instruments 
 151 
 Note 8 - Reinsurance Balances Recoverable on Paid and Unpaid Losses 
 152 
 Note 9 - Deferred Charge Assets and Deferred Gain Liabilities 
 154 
 Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 159 
 Note 1 1 - Future Policyholder Benefits 
 193 
 Note 1 2 - Defendant Asbestos and Environmental Liabilities 
 194 
 Note 1 3 - Fair Value Measurements 
 197 
 Note 1 4 - Variable Interest Entities 
 207 
 Note 15 - Premiums Written and Earned 
 209 
 Note 1 6 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 209 
 Note 1 7 - Debt Obligations and Credit Facilities 
 210 
 Note 1 8 - Noncontrolling Interest 
 213 
 Note 1 9 - Shareholders' Equity 
 214 
 Note 20 - Earnings per Share 
 218 
 Note 2 1 - Share-Based Compensation 
 219 
 Note 2 2 - Income Taxation 
 223 
 Note 23 - Related Party Transactions 
 227 
 Note 2 4 - Dividend Restrictions and Statutory Financial Information 
 233 
 Note 2 5 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 237 
 Note 2 6 - Subsequent Events 
 239 
 Note 2 7 - Unaudited Condensed Quarterly Financial Data 
 241 
 SCHEDULES I. Summary of Investments Other than Investments in Related Partie s as of December 31, 2022 
 242 
 II. Condensed Financial Information of Registrant as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 243 
 III. Supplementary Insurance Information as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 246 
 IV. Reinsuranc e for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 247 
 V. Valuation and Qualifying Account s for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 248 
 VI. Supplementary Information Concerning Property/Casualty Insurance Operation s as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 249 
 
 Schedules other than those listed above are omitted as they are not applicable or the information has been included in the consolidated financial statements, notes thereto, or elsewhere herein. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 108 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Enstar Group Limited 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Enstar Group Limited and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of changes in shareholders equity, and of cash flows for the year then ended, including the related notes and schedules of summary of investments other than investments in related parties (Schedule I) as of December 31, 2022, condensed financial information of registrant (Schedule II), supplementary insurance information (Schedule III), and supplemental information concerning property/casualty insurance operations (Schedule VI) as of December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended, and reinsurance (Schedule IV) and valuation and qualifying accounts (Schedule V) for the year ended December 31, 2022 listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Notes 2(b) and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for the amortization of deferred charge assets and deferred gain liabilities in 2022. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 109 

Table of Contents 

 with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Valuation of losses and loss adjustment expenses (including those at fair value) 
 As described in Notes 2, 10 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has 11.7 billion of liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and 1.3 billion of liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses, at fair value, as of December 31, 2022. The liability for losses and loss adjustment expenses, also referred to as loss reserves, represents management s gross estimates before reinsurance for unpaid reported losses and includes losses that have been incurred but not yet reported using actuarial methods. Management performs an analysis of loss reserves by each portfolio that the Company has acquired. Exposures are separated into homogenous reserving classes, generally lines of business, within each portfolio. As disclosed by management, considerable judgment is used in the process of developing estimates of loss reserves, which involves uncertainty in several areas, including use of actual or industry data for model inputs, and various projection assumptions and judgments depending on product lines, coverage type, or policy year. Several actuarial methods may be used in analyzing and projecting potential reserve positions, and a mix of methods may be considered to form an aggregate reserve position for each portfolio. For loss reserves reported at fair value, the fair value is calculated as the aggregate of discounted cash flow plus a risk margin. The discounted cash flow approach uses estimated nominal cash flows based upon a payment pattern developed in accordance with actuarial methods and a discount rate based upon a high quality rated corporate bond yield plus a credit spread for non-performance risk. Key assumptions are made within each actuarial method, including loss development factors and expected loss ratios. In addition, in developing loss reserves for insurance claims with asbestos and environmental exposures, traditional actuarial methods cannot be used and therefore alternative actuarial methods are employed by management, including the asbestos ground-up exposure analysis (frequency-severity) method. Management uses a combination of additional actuarial methods, including the paid survival ratio, paid market share, and decay factor, among others, to periodically reevaluate the continued reasonableness of recorded loss reserves for these exposures. These methods involve the use of assumptions relating to expected future annual average payment amounts, paid survival ratios, estimated market share, and decay factors. Judgment is applied by management in evaluating the mix of methods selected to form an aggregate reserve position for each portfolio. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of losses and loss adjustment expenses (including those at fair value) is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the estimate of loss reserves, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the loss development factors, expected loss ratios, and selected aggregate reserve position for each portfolio for non-asbestos and environmental loss reserves, and expected future annual average payment amounts, paid survival ratios, estimated market share, decay factors, and the mix of methods selected to form an aggregate reserve position for asbestos and environmental loss reserves, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of loss reserves, including controls over the development of significant assumptions. These procedures also included, among others (i) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent estimate of loss reserves, by reserving class, on a test 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 110 

Table of Contents 

 basis, and (ii) comparing the independent estimate to management s actuarial determined reserves to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimate. Developing the independent estimate involved, on a test basis (i) independently developing the significant assumptions using actual historical data and loss development patterns, as well as industry data and other benchmarks, for the respective reserving classes, and (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management. For certain other reserving classes, professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in testing management s process on a sample basis. Testing management s process included evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions, the appropriateness of the actuarial methods used, and testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management. 
 Valuation of defendant asbestos liabilities 
 As described in Notes 2 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has 607 million of defendant asbestos and environmental liabilities as of December 31, 2022, substantially all of which consists of defendant asbestos liabilities. Defendant asbestos liabilities include amounts for indemnity and defense costs for pending and future asbestos-related claims, determined by management using actuarial methods. The actuarial methods utilize data resulting from claims experience and include the development of estimates of the potential value of asbestos-related claims asserted but not yet resolved, as well as the number and potential value of asbestos-related claims not yet asserted. In developing the estimate of liability for potential future claims, the actuarial methods project the potential number of future claims based on historical claim filings and health studies. The actuarial methods also utilize assumptions based on the Company s historical proportion of claims resolved without payment, historical claim resolution costs for those claims that result in a payment, and historical defense costs. The liabilities are estimated by management using pending and projected future claim filings, projected payment rates, average claim resolution amounts, and estimated defense costs, which are derived based on assumptions relating to defense cost to indemnity cost ratios. Management utilizes judgment when determining the assumptions related to projected future claim filings, projected payment rates, and estimated defense costs. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of defendant asbestos liabilities is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the estimate of the liability, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to future claim filings, average claim resolution amounts, and defense cost to indemnity cost ratios, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of defendant asbestos liabilities, including controls over the development of significant assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in testing management s process relating to the valuation of defendant asbestos liabilities, which included evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions and the appropriateness of the actuarial methods used. Testing management s process also included testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management on a sample basis. 
 /s/ 

March 1, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 111 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Enstar Group Limited: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Enstar Group Limited and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes and financial statement schedules I to VI (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Notes 2(b) and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method of accounting for deferred charge assets as of January 1, 2020. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Assessment of the estimate of loss reserves and asbestos and environmental liabilities 
 As discussed in Notes 1, 2(e), 2 (g), 10 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded a liability for loss and loss adjustment expenses (loss reserves) and defendant asbestos and environmental liabilities (asbestos and environmental liabilities) of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. Loss reserves include an amount determined from reported claims and an amount, based on historical loss experience and industry statistics, for losses incurred but not reported. Asbestos and environmental liabilities include amounts for indemnity and defense costs for pending and future claims, as well as estimated clean-up costs based on engineering reports. The Company establishes loss reserves and asbestos and environmental liabilities primarily based on actuarially determined estimates of ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses, with the assistance of actuarial specialists. 
 We identified the assessment of the estimate of loss reserves and asbestos and environmental liabilities as a critical audit matter. The evaluation of the estimate of loss reserves involved a high degree of auditor judgment due to the inherent uncertainty that exists in the losses incurred but not yet reported amounts, the outcome of coverage disputes on certain lines of business, and the significant amount of time that can lapse between the 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 112 

Table of Contents 

 assumption of risk and ultimate payment of the claim. The evaluation of the estimate of asbestos and environmental liabilities involved a high degree of auditor judgment due to the inherent uncertainty that exists in estimating the number and potential value of claims asserted, but not yet resolved and claims not yet asserted. The key assumptions used in the estimation process for loss reserves included loss development factors, expected loss ratios, and expected trends in claim frequency and severity. The key assumptions used in the estimation process for asbestos and environmental liabilities included expected trends in claim frequency and severity. Specialized skills and knowledge were required to evaluate the actuarial methodologies and the key assumptions used to estimate loss reserves and asbestos and environmental liabilities. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s process to estimate the loss reserves and asbestos and environmental liabilities. This included controls over the assumptions listed above and actuarial methodologies used in the estimation of loss reserves and asbestos and environmental liabilities. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 comparing the methodologies and assumptions used by the Company in estimating loss reserves and asbestos and environmental liabilities with generally accepted actuarial methodologies; 
 evaluating assumptions for loss development factors, expected loss ratios, and expected trends in claim frequency and severity used in the estimation process of loss reserves by comparing them to historical results and industry trends; 
 evaluating assumptions for expected trends in claim frequency and severity used in the estimation process of asbestos and environmental liabilities by comparing them to historical results and industry trends; 
 developing an independent actuarial estimate of loss reserves and asbestos and environmental liabilities for selected lines of business; 
 examining the Company s internal or independent external actuarial analyses for the remaining lines of business by 1) analyzing claims development in the current year; and 2) evaluating changes in methodologies and assumptions from the prior year; 
 assessing the movement of the recorded loss reserves within the Company s range of actuarially determined reserves; and 
 assessing the movement of the recorded asbestos and environmental liabilities within the Company s range of actuarially determined reserves. 
 Liability for loss and loss adjustment expenses, fair value 
 As discussed in Notes 1, 2(e), 10 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company used a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the liability for loss and loss adjustment expenses, fair value. The discounted cash flow approach uses estimated nominal cash flows based on a payment pattern developed in accordance with standard actuarial techniques. Nominal loss reserves include an amount determined from reported claims and an amount, based on historical loss experience and industry statistics, for losses incurred but not reported. The Company establishes nominal loss reserves primarily based on actuarially determined estimates of ultimate loss and loss adjustment expenses, with the assistance of actuarial specialists. The Company has recorded a liability for loss and loss adjustment expenses, fair value (loss reserves at fair value) of 1,989 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 We identified the assessment of loss reserves at fair value as a critical audit matter. The evaluation of the estimate of nominal loss reserves involved a high degree of auditor judgment due to the inherent uncertainty that exists in the losses incurred but not yet reported amounts, the outcome of coverage disputes on certain lines of business, and the significant amount of time that can lapse between the assumption of risk and ultimate payment of the claim. The key assumptions used in the estimation process included loss development factors and expected trends in claim frequency and severity. Specialized skills and knowledge were required to 1) evaluate the actuarial methodologies and certain assumptions used to estimate nominal loss reserves; and 2) evaluate the projected payout, including timing and amount of the nominal cash flows used in the fair value estimate. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s process to estimate nominal loss reserves. This included controls over the assumptions and actuarial methodologies used in the 1) estimation of nominal loss reserves; and 2) the estimation of the projected payout, including timing and 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 113 

Table of Contents 

 amount of the nominal cash flows used to develop the fair value. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 comparing the methodologies and assumptions used by the Company in estimating nominal loss reserves with generally accepted actuarial methodologies; 
 comparing assumptions for loss development factors and expected trends in claim frequency and severity to historical results and industry trends; 
 developing an independent actuarial estimate of nominal loss reserves for selected lines of business; 
 examining the Company s internal and independent external actuarial analyses for the remaining lines of business by 1) analyzing claims development in the current year; and 2) evaluating changes in methodologies and assumptions from the prior year; 
 evaluating the Company s overall nominal loss reserves and assessing the movement of nominal loss reserves within the Company s range of actuarially determined reserves; 
 evaluating the projected payout, including timing, and amount of the nominal cash flows used to develop the fair value, by developing an independent projected payout for selected lines of business; and 
 examining the Company s projected payout for the remaining lines of business by evaluating changes in the timing of the nominal cash flows from the prior year and evaluating changes in methodologies and assumptions from the prior year. 
 /s/ KPMG Audit Limited KPMG Audit Limited 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2012 to 2022. 
 
 February 24, 2022, except as to changes to deferred charge assets as described in Notes 2(b) and 9, which is as of March 1, 2023. 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 114 

Table of Contents 

 ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2022 2021 (expressed in millions of U.S. dollars, except share data) ASSETS Short-term investments, trading, at fair value Short-term investments, available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 2022 ; 2021 
 Fixed maturity securities, trading, at fair value Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 2022 ; 2021 ; net of allowance: 2022 ; 2021 
 Funds held - directly managed, at fair value Equity securities, at fair value (cost: 2022 ; 2021 
 Other investments, at fair value (includes in 2022 of consolidated variable interest entities) 
 Equity method investments Total investments Note 6 and (Note 13) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses (net of allowance: 2022 ; 2021 Note 8 
 Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses, at fair value N o t e 8 and (Note 13) 
 Insurance balances recoverable (net of allowance: 2022 ; 2021 (Note 1 2 
 Funds held by reinsured companies Not e 6 
 Net deferred charge assets Note 9) 
 Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Losses and loss adjustment expenses (Note 10) 
 Losses and loss adjustment expenses, at fair value Note 10) and Note 13) 
 Future policyholder benefits (Note 1 1 
 Defendant asbestos and environmental liabilities N ote 12) 
 Insurance and reinsurance balances payable Debt obligations Note 1 7 
 Other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Note 25) 
 REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (Note 18) 
 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Note 19) 
 Ordinary Shares (par value each, issued and outstanding 2022: ; 2021: ): 
 Voting Ordinary Shares (issued and outstanding 2022: ; 2021: 
 Non-voting convertible ordinary Series C Shares (issued and outstanding 2022: ; 2021: 
 Non-voting convertible ordinary Series E Shares (issued and outstanding 2022: and 2021: 
 Preferred Shares: Series C Preferred Shares (issued and held in treasury 2022 and 2021: 
 Series D Preferred Shares (issued and outstanding 2022 and 2021: ; liquidation preference 
 Series E Preferred Shares (issued and outstanding 2022 and 2021: ; liquidation preference 
 Treasury shares, at cost (Series C Preferred Shares 2022 and 2021: 
 ) ) Joint Share Ownership Plan (voting ordinary shares, held in trust 2022 and 2021: 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total Enstar Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling interests Note 18 
 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 115 

Table of Contents 

 ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 2022 2021 2020 (expressed in millions of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) INCOME Net premiums earned Net investment income Net realized (losses) gains ) ) Net unrealized (losses) gains ) Other income Net gain on purchase and sales of subsidiaries Total income ) EXPENSES Net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses Current Period Prior Period ) ) ) Total net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses ) ) Policyholder benefit expenses ) Amortization of net deferred charge assets Acquisition costs General and administrative expenses Interest expense Net foreign exchange (gains) losses ) ) Total expenses ) (LOSS) EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) (Losses) earnings from equity method investments ) NET (LOSS) EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS ) Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes NET (LOSS) EARNINGS ) Net loss (earnings) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) NET (LOSS) EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ) Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) NET (LOSS) EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS ) (Loss) earnings per ordinary share attributable to Enstar: Basic: Net (loss) earnings from continuing operations ) Net earnings from discontinued operations Net (loss) earnings per ordinary share ) Diluted: Net (loss) earnings from continuing operations ) Net earnings from discontinued operations Net (loss) earnings per ordinary share ) Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 116 

Table of Contents 

 ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 2022 2021 2020 (expressed in millions of U.S. dollars) NET (LOSS) EARNINGS ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes: Unrealized (losses) gains on fixed maturity available-for-sale investments arising during the year ) ) Reclassification adjustment for change in allowance for credit losses recognized in net (loss) earnings ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses (gains) included in net (loss) earnings ) ) Reclassification to net (loss) earnings on disposal of subsidiary ) Unrealized (losses) gains arising during the year, net of reclassification adjustments ) ) Change in currency translation adjustment ) Other ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 117 

Table of Contents 

 ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 2022 2021 2020 (expressed in millions of U.S. dollars) Share Capital Voting Ordinary Shares Balance, beginning of year Issue of shares Shares repurchased ) ) Balance, end of year Share Capital Non-Voting Convertible Ordinary Series C Shares Balance, beginning of year Shares repurchased ) Balance, end of year Share Capital Non-Voting Convertible Ordinary Series E Shares Balance, beginning of year Shares repurchased ) Balance, end of year Share Capital - Series C Convertible Participating Non-Voting Preferred Shares Balance, beginning and end of year Share Capital - Series D Preferred Shares Balance, beginning and end of year Share Capital - Series E Preferred Shares Balance, beginning and end of year Treasury Shares (Series C Preferred Shares) Balance, beginning and end of year Joint Share Ownership Plan Voting Ordinary Shares, Held in Trust Balance, beginning of year ) ) Issue of shares ) Balance, end of year ) ) ) Additional Paid-in Capital Balance, beginning of year Repurchase of voting ordinary shares ) ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Amortization of share-based compensation Balance, end of year Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Balance, beginning of year ) Cumulative currency translation adjustment Balance, beginning of year Change in currency translation adjustment ) Balance, end of year Defined benefit pension liability Balance, beginning of year ) Change in defined benefit pension liability ) Balance, end of year Unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale investments Balance, beginning of year ) ) Change in unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale investments ) ) Balance, end of year ) ) Balance, end of year ) ) Retained Earnings Balance, beginning of year Net (loss) earnings ) Net loss (earnings) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) Change in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle - amortization of deferred charge assets Note 9 
 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle - expected credit losses (1) 
 ) Balance, end of year Noncontrolling Interests (excludes redeemable noncontrolling interests) Balance, beginning of year Increase due to acquisition Dividends paid ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Change in unrealized losses on available-for-sale investments attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance, end of year Total Shareholders Equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 118 

Table of Contents 

 ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 2022 2021 2020 (expressed in millions of U.S. dollars) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net (loss) earnings ) Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) earnings to cash flows provided by operating activities: Realized losses (gains) on sale of investments ) Unrealized losses (gains) on investments ) ) Depreciation and other amortization Amortization of net deferred charge assets Losses (earnings) from equity method investments ) ) Sales and maturities of trading securities Purchases of trading securities ) ) ) Payments to cover securities sold short ) Proceeds from securities sold short Net payments for derivative contracts ) Net gain on purchase and sales of subsidiaries ) ) Other Changes in: Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses Funds held by reinsured companies ) ) ) Losses and loss adjustment expenses ) Defendant asbestos and environmental liabilities ) ) ) Insurance and reinsurance balances payable ) ) Other operating assets and liabilities ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Sales of subsidiaries, net of cash previously held ) ) Sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities Purchase of available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Purchase of other investments ) ) ) Proceeds from other investments Other investing activities ) Consolidation of the InRe Fund opening cash and restricted cash balances Note 1 4 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) Repurchase of shares ) ) ) Issuance of debt, net of issuance costs Repayment of debt ) ) ) Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS CASH FLOWS: Net cash flows provided by operating activities Net cash flows used in investing activities ) Net cash flows from discontinued operations ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 119 

Table of Contents 

 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON FOREIGN CURRENCY CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR NET CHANGE IN CASH OF BUSINESSES HELD-FOR-SALE ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF YEAR 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Income taxes paid, net of refunds Interest paid Reconciliation to Consolidated Balance Sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Non-cash investing activities: Receipt of AFS debt securities as consideration in exchange for assumption of liabilities Removal of equity method investment relating to acquisition of a subsidiary ) Receipt of other investments as consideration Contributions to other investments (1) 
 ) Redemption of other investments (1) 
 Reduction in investment fees (1) 
 Purchase of equity method investment through acquisition of subsidiary ) Non-cash financing activities (2) : 
 Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Increase in noncontrolling interests due to the acquisition of a subsidiary ) Third-party capital withdrawal from the InRe Fund through transfer of trading security ) 
 (1) 
 (2) shares following the exercise of warrants on a non-cash basis. 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 120 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 

ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Enhanzed Re 
 Our majority owned subsidiary, Enhanzed Reinsurance Ltd. ("Enhanzed Re"), is included in the consolidated financial statements reported on a one quarter lag. The effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations of all material events occurring at Enhanzed Re through December 31, 2022 has been considered for adjustment and/or disclosure. 
 In August 2022, Enhanzed Re entered into a Master Agreement with Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited Cavello ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enstar, and Allianz SE Allianz ). Pursuant to the Master Agreement, Enhanzed Re, Cavello and Allianz agreed to a series of transactions 29 that allowed us to unwind Enhanzed Re s operations in an orderly manner. The transactions included (i) commuting or novating all of the reinsurance contracts written by Enhanzed Re, (ii) repaying the million of subordinated notes issued by Enhanzed Re to an affiliate of Allianz, and (iii) distributing Enhanzed Re s excess capital to Cavello and Allianz in accordance with their respective equity ownership. As of December 31, 2022, all of the transactions were complete, and the impact of transactions completed in the fourth quarter 2022 will be reflected in our first quarter 2023 results, as a result of the one quarter reporting lag. 
 Use of Estimates, Risks and Uncertainties 

29 Refer to Note 10, Note 17 and Note 26 for additional details regarding completed transactions. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 121 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 

(b) Deferred Charge Assets and Deferred Gain Liabilities 
 (c) Short-duration Insurance Contracts 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 122 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 

(d) Acquisition Costs 
 (e) Losses and LAE 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 123 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 

(f) Future Policyholder Benefits 
 (g) Defendant Asbestos and Environmental Liabilities 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 124 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 

(h) Reinsurance Balances Recoverable on Paid and Unpaid Losses 
 (i) Insurance Balances Recoverable 
 
 (j) Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 125 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 126 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 127 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 

(k) Variable interest entities 
 (l) Funds Held 
 
 (m) Foreign Exchange 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 128 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 

(n) Share-based Compensation 
 types of share-based compensation arrangements: (i) restricted shares, restricted share units RSUs and performance share units ("PSUs"), (ii) joint share ownership program ("JSOP"), and (iii) shares issued under our employee share purchase plans. Our share-based compensation awards qualify for equity classification. We issue new shares once the awards have vested. 
 
 (o) Derivative Instruments 
 (p) Income Taxes 
 (q) Earnings Per Share 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 129 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 

(r) Acquisitions and Goodwill 
 
 (s) Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 (t) Held-for-sale Business and Discontinued Operations 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 130 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 

million and million. The impact of remeasuring our future policyholder benefits from September 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022 is primarily driven by a change in the discount rate assumption, which 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 131 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 3 - Segment Information 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 132 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 3 - Segment Information 

reportable segments: 
 Run-off: consists of our acquired property and casualty and other (re)insurance business, including our defendant asbestos and environmental A E businesses and StarStone International (from January 1, 2021) following our decision to place it into an orderly run-off. 
 Our primary objective of the Run-off segment is to recognize favorable prior period development in our net incurred losses and LAE (run-off liability earnings or RLE over time by settling claims in a timely, cost efficient manner using our claims management expertise, including settling claims for lower than outstanding ultimate loss estimates and implementation of reinsurance and commutation strategies. 
 The Run-off segment results comprises net premiums earned, other income, net incurred losses and LAE, acquisition costs and general and administrative expenses. 
 Assumed Life: The Assumed Life segment includes Enhanzed Re s life and property aggregate excess of loss (catastrophe) business. 
 In 2021, we ceased accepting any new catastrophe reinsurance business and, in 2022, we completed a series of commutation and novation agreements which ceased any continuing reinsurance obligations for this segment. Given our rationalization of the Enhanzed Re reinsurance business 30 , we have renamed the segment from Enhanzed Re to Assumed Life in 2022. We may leverage this segment for any future potential assumed life business transactions if and when they occur. Our primary objective of the Assumed Life segment is to reinsure products that focus on longevity and investment risks. 
 The Assumed Life segment results comprises net premiums earned, net incurred losses and LAE, policyholder benefit expenses, acquisition costs and general and administrative expenses. 
 Investments: consists of our investment activities and the performance of our investment portfolio, excluding those investable assets attributable to our Legacy Underwriting segment. 
 Our primary objective of the Investments segment is to obtain the highest possible risk and capital adjusted returns while maintaining prudent diversification of assets and operating within the constraints of a global regulated (re)insurance company. We additionally consider the liquidity requirements and duration of our claims, policyholder benefits and contract liabilities. 
 The Investments segment results comprises net investment income, net realized gains (losses), net unrealized gains (losses), general and administrative expenses and earnings from equity method investments. 
 Legacy Underwriting: consists of businesses that we have either, in the case of Atrium, exited via the sale of the majority of our interest in or, in the case of StarStone International (included in the Legacy Underwriting Segment through December 31, 2020), placed into run-off. 
 Prior to January 1, 2021, this segment comprised SGL No. 1 Limited SGL No. 1 )'s net share of Atrium's Syndicate 609 business at Lloyd's and StarStone International. From January 1, 2021, this segment comprises SGL No.1's gross share of the 2020 and prior underwriting years of Atrium's Syndicate 609 at Lloyd's, offset by the contractual transfer of the results of that business to the Atrium entities that were divested in an exchange transaction (the Exchange Transaction 31 . There is no net retention for Enstar on Atrium's 2020 and prior underwriting years. 
 The Legacy Underwriting segment results comprises net premiums earned, net investment income, net realized gains (losses), net unrealized gains (losses), other income (expense), net incurred losses and LAE, acquisition costs and general and administrative expenses. 
 Management measures segment performance based on segment income (loss). Segment income (loss) is derived by including certain items from total income and net earnings (loss) attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders, as 
 
 30 Refer to Note 1 for additional details. 
 31 Refer to Note 5 for a discussion of the Exchange Transaction. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 133 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 3 - Segment Information 

reportable segments are disclosed under those segments while non-direct expenses, as well as costs related to shared services that are not directly attributable to our reportable segments, are allocated to our reportable segments as well as to our corporate and other activities, on the basis of the actual or proportion of benefit derived from the services provided. 
 Our assets are reviewed on a consolidated basis by management for decision making purposes since they support business operations across all of our reportable segments as well as our corporate and other activities. We do not allocate assets to our reportable segments with the exception of reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses and goodwill that are directly attributable to our reportable segments. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 134 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 3 - Segment Information 

Assumed Life Investments ) Legacy Underwriting Subtotal ) Corporate and other ) Total income ) (Losses) earnings from equity method investments Investments ) Segment net (loss) earnings Run-off Assumed Life Investments ) Legacy Underwriting ) Total segment net (loss) earnings ) Corporate and other: 
 Other income (expense) (1) 
 ) ) Net gain on purchase and sale of subsidiaries Net incurred losses and LAE (2) 
 ) Policyholder benefit expenses ) Amortization of net deferred charge assets ) ) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Net foreign exchange gains (losses) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of income tax Net loss (earnings) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) Total - Corporate and other 
 ) ) ) Net (loss) earnings attributable to Enstar Ordinary Shareholders ) 
 (1) Other income (expense) for corporate and other activities includes the amortization of fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of DCo, LLC Dco and Morse TEC LLC Morse TEC ). 
 (2) Net incurred losses and LAE for corporate and other activities includes the fair value adjustments associated with the acquisition of companies and the changes in the discount rate and risk margin components of the fair value of assets and liabilities related to our assumed retroactive reinsurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option. 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 135 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 4 - Business Acquisitions 

United Kingdom (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Europe Asia Rest of World Total 
 (1) Gross premiums written were negative for Run-off segment business located in the U.K., primarily as a result of an agreement made between one of our subsidiaries and a cedant to return premiums written. 
 2021 Run-off Assumed Life Legacy Underwriting Total Total Total Total Total (In millions of U.S. dollars, except percentages) United States United Kingdom Europe Asia Rest of World Total 
 2020 Run-off Legacy Underwriting Total Total Total Total (In millions of U.S. dollars, except percentages) United States United Kingdom Europe Asia Rest of World ) ) Total 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 136 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 4 - Business Acquisitions 

equity interest in Enhanzed Re held by an affiliate of Hillhouse Group for cash consideration of million and assumed the Hillhouse Group's affiliate's remaining outstanding capital commitment to Enhanzed Re of million (the "Step Acquisition"). 
 Following the completion of the Step Acquisition, our equity interest in Enhanzed Re increased from to . Effective September 1, 2021, we consolidated Enhanzed Re (previously accounted for as an equity method investment) and eliminated any intercompany transactions and balances between us and Enhanzed Re. 
 On December 28, 2022, Enhanzed Re acquired Allianz SE s ("Allianz") 32 remaining interest for million, the impact of which will be reflected in our first quarter 2023 results as a result of reporting the results of Enhanzed Re on a one quarter lag. 
 Funds held - directly managed ) Equities, at fair value Other investments, at fair value Total investments ) Cash and cash equivalents Funds held by reinsured companies Other assets TOTAL ASSETS ) LIABILITIES Losses and LAE ) Future policyholder benefits Debt obligations Insurance and reinsurance balances payable ) Other liabilities ) TOTAL LIABILITIES ) NET ASSETS ACQUIRED AT FAIR VALUE ) Less: Cash consideration paid to Hillhouse Group affiliate Fair value of previously held equity method investment Fair value of noncontrolling interest Adjustment for the fair value of pre-existing relationships ) Total purchase price Bargain purchase gain 
 
 32 Refer to Note 26 for further information. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 137 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 5 - Divestitures, Held-for-Sale Businesses and Discontinued Operations 

 million, which was recorded in net gain on purchase and sales of subsidiaries in our consolidated statements of earnings, and consisted of a bargain purchase gain, a gain on remeasurement of our previously held equity investment to fair value and a gain on settlement of pre-existing relationships. 
 We recognized a bargain purchase gain of million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as the fair value of the interest in the net assets acquired exceeded the total purchase price. The bargain purchase gain was attributable to the negotiation process with Hillhouse Group and the resulting cash consideration paid was based on of Enhanzed Re's total shareholders' equity as of June 30, 2021 which was less than the fair value of the net assets acquired. 
 In accordance with the acquisition method of accounting, we remeasured our previously held equity method investment in Enhanzed Re to fair value. The fair value of the previously held equity method investment and noncontrolling interest was calculated as the fair value of Enhanzed Re's total net assets multiplied by the respective ownership percentages. These fair value measurements are based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represent Level 3 measurements. We also considered guideline market transactions, and the implied multiple from those transactions corroborated the results of the fair value estimate. 
 At the time of the transaction, we held contractual pre-existing relationships with Enhanzed Re, consisting of quota share reinsurance contracts and an agreement to act as the insurance manager for Enhanzed Re. The pre-existing relationships were deemed to be effectively settled at fair value on the acquisition date. 
 We record Enhanzed Re's results on a quarter lag.) Net loss ) Net loss attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders ) 
 
 Supplemental Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited) 
 Net earnings Net earnings attributable to Enstar Net earnings attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented on a fully consolidated basis. Aside from a pro forma adjustment made to recognize the gain on the Step Acquisition as of January 1, 2020, there were no further non-recurring pro forma adjustments recorded. 
 
 33 Refer to Note 23 for further information. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 138 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 5 - Divestitures, Held-for-Sale Businesses and Discontinued Operations SUL Other Net gain on sales of subsidiaries 
 
 interest in Northshore and a interest in Core Specialty. 
 Through our wholly owned subsidiary, SGL No. 1, a Lloyd s corporate member, we provided of the underwriting capacity on the 2017 to 2020 underwriting years of Atrium's Syndicate 609 at Lloyd s. In conjunction with the completion of the Exchange Transaction, SGL No.1 ceased its provision of underwriting capacity on Syndicate 609 for future underwriting years. 
 SGL No.1 was obligated to support underwriting capacity on Syndicate 609 through the provision of Funds at Lloyd s FAL ), and settled its share of the 2020 and prior underwriting years for the economic benefit of Atrium via reinsurance agreements with Arden and a Syndicate 609 Capacity Lease Agreement with Atrium 5 Limited, a UK domiciled subsidiary of Atrium through December 31, 2022. 
 As a result of these contractual arrangements, the net loss reserve liabilities, cash, investments and other assets that support those liabilities, will be settled by: i) the distribution of SGL No.1 s share of the Syndicate 609 result; ii) the settlement of the net payable or receivable position on the reinsurance agreement with Arden; and iii) the required settlement, if any, of the Syndicate 609 Capacity Lease Agreement payable, which will occur in 2023. 
 Due to Arden under reinsurance agreement ) ) Due to Atrium 5 Limited under Capacity Lease Agreement ) ) Net balances with Northshore Group 
 As of December 31, 2022, we carried gross loss reserves of million (2021: million), reinsurance recoverables of million (2021: million) and net assets required to support the net insurance liabilities of million (2021: million). 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 139 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 5 - Divestitures, Held-for-Sale Businesses and Discontinued Operations 

million in the form of common shares of Core Specialty and cash. 
 The StarStone U.S. business qualified as a discontinued operation. 
 Net investment income Net realized gains Net unrealized gains EXPENSES Net incurred losses and LAE Acquisition costs General and administrative expenses Interest expense LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) Income tax benefit NET EARNINGS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, NET OF INCOME TAXES, BEFORE GAIN ON SALE DISPOSAL Consideration received Less: Carrying value of subsidiary ) Add: Net realized gains on AFS securities and cumulative currency translation adjustments previously recognized in AOCI Gain on sale of subsidiary NET EARNINGS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, NET OF INCOME TAXES Net (earnings) from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interest ) NET EARNINGS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS 
 Continuing Involvement 
 Following the completion of the sale of StarStone U.S. to Core Specialty on November 30, 2020, our continuing involvement with StarStone U.S comprised of the following transactions: 
 LPT and ADC reinsurance agreement 
 In connection with the sale of StarStone U.S. to Core Specialty, one of our insurance subsidiaries entered into an LPT and ADC reinsurance agreement with StarStone U.S. pursuant to which we reinsured all of the net loss reserves of StarStone U.S. in respect of premium earned prior to October 31, 2020. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 140 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 6 - Investments 

) Total expenses (1) 
 ) Net (loss) earnings ) ) 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2021, negative total income was driven by a premium adjustment. For the year ended December 31, 2020, negative total expenses were driven by favorable loss development on the losses and LAE reserves ceded by StarStone U.S. to our subsidiaries. 
 Cash flows 
 The cash (outflows) inflows between our subsidiaries and StarStone U.S. for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were ) million, ) million and million, respectively. 
 Equity method investment 
 Our investment in the common shares of Core Specialty, which is included in equity method investments on our consolidated balance sheets, was million as of December 31, 2022 (2021: million). 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our proportionate share of loss on our investment in Core Specialty was million (2021: million), which is included within earnings from equity method investments in our consolidated statement of earnings and is recorded on a quarter lag. 
 
 million. In addition, we committed to invest up to million in Inigo. 
 million (2021: million), and we have funded million of our capital commitment, with million yet to be called by Inigo. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 141 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 6 - Investments 

U.K. government Other government Corporate (1) 
 Municipal Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed Structured products Total fixed maturity and short-term investments 
 (1) Includes convertible bonds of million, which includes embedded derivatives of million. 
 2021 Short-term investments, trading Short-term investments, AFS Fixed maturities, trading Fixed maturities, AFS Fixed maturities, funds held - directly managed Total (in millions of U.S. dollars) U.S. government and agency U.K. government Other government Corporate (1) 
 Municipal Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed Structured products Total fixed maturity and short-term investments 
 (1) Includes convertible bonds of million, which includes embedded derivatives of million. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 142 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 6 - Investments 

million (as of December 31, 2021: million). 
 The fair value of fixed maturities, trading and fixed maturities, AFS, which have been non-income producing for the twelve months preceding December 31, 2022 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 More than one year through five years More than five years through ten years More than ten years Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed 
 
 ) U.K. government ) Other government ) ) Corporate ) ) Municipal ) Residential mortgage-backed ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) Asset-backed ) ) ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 143 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 6 - Investments 

) U.K. government Other government ) Corporate ) ) Municipal ) Residential mortgage-backed ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) Asset-backed ) ) ) 

) ) ) U.K. government ) ) Other government ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Municipal ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) ) ) Asset-backed ) ) ) Total short-term and fixed maturity investments ) ) ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 144 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 6 - Investments 

) ) ) U.K. government Other government ) ) Corporate ) ) Municipal ) ) Residential mortgage-backed ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) ) ) Asset-backed ) ) Total short-term and fixed maturity investments ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the number of securities classified as AFS in an unrealized loss position for which an allowance for credit loss is not recorded was and , respectively. Of these securities, the number of securities that had been in an unrealized loss position for twelve months or longer was and , respectively. 
 The contractual terms of a majority of these investments do not permit the issuers to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the security. While interest rates have increased and credit spreads have widened, and in certain cases credit ratings were downgraded, we currently do not expect the issuers of these fixed income securities to settle them at a price less than their amortized cost basis and therefore it is expected that we will recover the entire amortized cost basis of each security. Furthermore, we do not intend to sell the securities that are currently in an unrealized loss position, and it is also not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the securities before the recovery of their amortized cost bases. 
 
 ) ) Allowances for credit losses on securities for which credit losses were not previously recorded ) ) ) ) Reductions for securities sold during the year (Increase) decrease to the allowance for credit losses on securities that had an allowance recorded in the previous period ) Allowance for credit losses, end of year ) ) ) ) ) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any write-offs charged against the allowance for credit losses or any recoveries of amounts previously written-off. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 145 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 6 - Investments 

Exchange-traded funds Privately held equity investments in common and preferred stocks 
 Equity investments include publicly traded common and preferred stocks, exchange-traded funds and privately held common and preferred stocks. Our publicly traded equity investments in common and preferred stocks predominantly trade on major exchanges and are managed by our external advisors. Our investments in exchange-traded funds also trade on major exchanges. 
 Our privately held equity investments in common and preferred stocks are direct investments in companies that we believe offer attractive risk adjusted returns and/or offer other strategic advantages. Each investment may have its own unique terms and conditions and there may be restrictions on disposals. There is no active market for these investments 34 . 
 
 Fixed income funds Private equity funds Private credit funds Equity funds CLO equity funds CLO equities Real estate funds 
 
 The following is a description of the nature of each of these investment categories: 
 Hedge funds invest in fixed income, equity and other investments. 
 Fixed income funds comprise a number of positions in diversified fixed income funds that are managed by third-party managers. Underlying investments vary from high-grade corporate bonds to non-investment grade senior secured loans and bonds, in both liquid and illiquid markets. The liquid fixed income funds have regularly published prices. 
 Private equity funds include primary, secondaries diversified by asset classes, regional vintage and sectors and direct co-investment opportunities. 
 Private credit funds invest in direct senior or collateralized loans. 
 Equity funds invest primarily in public equities. 
 CLO equity funds invest primarily in the equity tranches of term-financed securitizations of diversified pools of corporate bank loans. 
 
 34 Refer to Note 23 for further information on certain privately held equity investments. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 146 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 6 - Investments 

lag 35 . We regularly review and discuss fund performance with the fund managers to corroborate the reasonableness of the reported net asset values and to assess whether any events have occurred within the lag period that would affect the valuation of the investments. 
 Certain of our other investments are subject to restrictions on redemptions and sales that are determined by the governing documents, which limits our ability to liquidate those investments. These restrictions may include lock-ups, redemption gates, restricted share classes or side pockets, restrictions on the frequency of redemption and notice periods. A gate is the ability to deny or delay a redemption request, whereas a side-pocket is a designated account for which the investor loses its redemption rights. 
 Certain of our other investments may not have any restrictions governing their sale, but there is no active market and no guarantee that we will be able to execute a sale in a timely manner. In addition, even if these investments are not eligible for redemption or sales are restricted, we may still receive income distributions from those other investments. 
 N/A Other investments Hedge funds Monthly to Bi-annually Fixed income funds Daily to Quarterly Private equity funds Quarterly for unrestricted amount Private credit funds N/A CLO equity funds Quarterly to Bi-annually Real estate funds N/A 
 As of December 31, 2022, million of our investments were subject to gates or side-pockets. 
 
 35 The valuation of our other investments is described in Note 13. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 147 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 6 - Investments 

Monument Re (2) 
 Core Specialty Other 
 
 (1) We own of the common shares in HH CTCO Holdings Limited which in turn owns of the convertible preferred shares, amounting to a interest in the total equity of Citco III Limited ("Citco"). 
 (2) We own of the common shares in Monument Re as well as different classes of preferred shares which have fixed dividend yields and whose balances are included in the Investment amount (2022 losses include an other-than-temporary impairment charge). 

Total liabilities 2022 2021 2020 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Operating Results (1) 
 Total income Total expenses Net (loss) income ) 
 (1) Refer to Note 14 for the summarized operating results of our equity method investment in the InRe Fund for the three months ended March 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2020, prior to our consolidation of the InRe Fund on April 1, 2021 
 The following table presents the carrying value by ownership percentage of our equity method investees, including those for which the fair value option was elected: 
 20 -99 3 -19 Total 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 148 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 6 - Investments 

Cash and cash equivalents Other assets 
 Net unrealized gains (losses): Change in fair value - embedded derivative accounting ) Change in fair value (1) 
 ) ) Short-term and fixed maturity investments within funds held - directly managed, at fair value 
 (1) Is clearly and closely related to the host contract. 
 Refer to the sections above for details of the short-term and fixed maturity investments within our funds held - directly managed portfolios. 
 
 billion and billion, respectively. The increase from December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by the LPT transaction with Aspen. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Aspen LPT transaction, in addition to earning a fixed crediting rate base crediting rate on the funds withheld balance we received as premium consideration, as of October 1, 2022 and through September 30, 2025 we will also receive a variable return based on the performance of Aspen s investments (together, the full crediting rate ). 
 The nature of the arrangement results in an embedded derivative, which represents the fair value of the amount by which all future interest payments on the funds withheld balance made at the full crediting rate are expected to exceed all future interest payments made on the funds withheld balance at the base crediting rate. The fair value of the embedded derivative as of December 31, 2022 was million. 
 Initial recognition of embedded derivative Net unrealized gains: Change in fair value - embedded derivative Funds held by reinsured companies, at fair value 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 149 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 6 - Investments 

Short-term investments and cash and cash equivalents Funds held by reinsured companies Funds held directly managed Investment income from fixed maturities and cash and cash equivalents Equity investments Other investments (1) 
 Investment income from equities and other investments Gross investment income Investment expenses ) ) ) Net investment income 
 (1) Effective April 1, 2021, the InRe Fund was consolidated by us and subsequently liquidated by December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 14 for additional information. Prior to April 1, 2021, all income or loss from the InRe Fund was determined by the change in net asset value (NAV) of our holdings in the fund, which was included within net realized and unrealized gains (losses) from other investments. 

Gross realized losses on fixed maturity securities, AFS ) ) ) Increase in allowance for expected credit losses on fixed maturity securities, AFS ) ) Net (losses) gains recognized on equity securities sold during the period ) Other investments (1) 
 Net realized investment gains on investment derivatives ) ) Total net realized (losses) gains on sale ) ) Net unrealized (losses) gains: Fixed maturity securities, trading ) ) Fixed maturity securities in funds held - directly managed ) ) Net unrealized (losses) gains recognized on equity securities still held at the reporting date ) ) Other investments (1) 
 ) Investment derivatives ) ) Total net unrealized (losses) gains ) 
 (1) Effective April 1, 2021, the InRe Fund was consolidated by us and subsequently liquidated by December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 14 for additional information. Prior to April 1, 2021, all income or loss from the InRe Fund was determined by the change in net asset value (NAV) of our holdings in the fund, which was included within net realized and unrealized gains (losses) from other investments. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 150 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 7 - Derivatives and Hedging Instruments 

billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Gross realized losses on fixed maturity securities, AFS ) ) ) Tax effect ) Included within discontinued operations: Gross realized gains on fixed maturity securities, AFS Total reclassification adjustment for net realized gains (losses) included in net earnings ) Included within continuing operations: Credit losses on fixed maturity securities, AFS ) ) Included within discontinued operations: Credit recoveries on fixed maturity securities, AFS Total reclassification adjustment for change in allowance for credit losses recognized in net earnings ) ) 
 
 million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was as follows: 
 Assets on deposit with regulatory authorities Collateral for secured letter of credit facilities FAL (1) 
 
 Lloyd's syndicates as at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Lloyd's determines the required capital principally through the annual business plan of each syndicate. This capital is referred to as FAL and will be drawn upon in the event that a syndicate has a loss that cannot be funded from other sources. We also utilize unsecured letters of credit for FAL, as described in Note 17 . 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 151 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 8 - Reinsurance Balances Recoverable on Paid and Unpaid Losses 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency forward contracts Others Total 
 The following table presents the net gains and losses deferred in the cumulative translation adjustment account, which is a component of AOCI in shareholders' equity, relating to our qualifying hedges and the net gains and losses included in earnings relating to our non-qualifying hedges for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Amount of Gains (Losses) 2022 2021 2020 (in millions of U.S. dollars) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency forward contracts ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency forward contracts ) ) ) 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 152 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 8 - Reinsurance Balances Recoverable on Paid and Unpaid Losses 

ULAE Fair value adjustments - acquired companies ) ) Fair value adjustments - fair value option ) ) Total reinsurance reserves recoverable Paid losses recoverable Total Reconciliation to Consolidated Balance Sheet: Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses - fair value option Total 
 Certain of our subsidiaries and assumed portfolios, prior to acquisition, used retrocessional agreements to reduce their exposure to the risk of (re)insurance assumed. 
 The fair value adjustments, determined on acquisition of (re)insurance subsidiaries, are based on the estimated timing of loss and LAE recoveries and an assumed interest rate equivalent to a risk free rate for securities with similar duration to the acquired reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses plus a spread for credit risk, and are amortized over the estimated recovery period, as adjusted for accelerations in timing of payments as a result of commutation settlements 36 . 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses of billion and billion, respectively. The decrease of million was primarily due to cash collections, adverse ceded development and foreign exchange movement. 
 
 Other reinsurers > 1 million Other reinsurers 
 
 36 The determination of the fair value adjustments on the retroactive reinsurance contracts for which we have elected the fair value option is described in Note 13. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 153 

Table of Contents 

Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 9 - Deferred Charge Assets and Deferred Gain Liabilities 

 Number of top 10 non-rated reinsurers (1) 
 Reinsurers rated A- or better in top 10 Non-rated reinsurers in top 10 (1) 
 Total top 10 reinsurance recoverables Single reinsurers that represent 10 or more of total reinsurance balance recoverables as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Lloyd's Syndicates (2) 
 Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association (3) 
 
 (1) The reinsurance balances recoverable from non-rated top 10 reinsurers was comprised of: 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively, due from a U.S. state backed reinsurer that is supported by assessments on active auto writers operating within the state; 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 due from a U.S. Workers' Compensation Reinsurance Pool that is secured through an allocation to insurers actively writing workers' compensation in the covered state; 
 (2) Lloyd's Syndicates are rated A+ by Standard Poor's and A by A.M. Best. 
 (3) U.S. state backed reinsurer that is supported by assessments on active auto writers operating within the state. 
 
 Effect of exchange rate movement Current period change in the allowance ) Recoveries collected ) Allowance for estimated uncollectible reinsurance, end of year 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 154 

Table of Contents 

Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 9 - Deferred Charge Assets and Deferred Gain Liabilities 

As of January 1, 2020, the cumulative effect of this change resulted in a million increase to retained earnings, which is reflected as a cumulative change in accounting principle in the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity. 
 Retained earnings 
 As of December 31, 2021 As Previously Reported Adjustment As Adjusted (in millions of U.S. dollars) Deferred charge assets Retained earnings 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 155 

Table of Contents 

Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 9 - Deferred Charge Assets and Deferred Gain Liabilities ) ) Total net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses ) ) ) Amortization of net deferred charge assets Total expenses ) ) ) NET LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS ) ) NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS ) ) Loss per ordinary share attributable to Enstar: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 As previously reported Adjustment As adjusted As previously reported Adjustment As adjusted (in millions of U.S. dollars, except per share data) Net incurred losses and LAE: Prior period ) ) ) ) ) Total net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses ) ) ) ) Amortization of net deferred charge assets Total expenses ) ) NET EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS NET EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS Earnings per ordinary share attributable to Enstar: Basic: Net earnings from continuing operations Net earnings from discontinued operations Net earnings per ordinary share Diluted: Net earnings from continuing operations Net earnings from discontinued operations Net earnings per ordinary share 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 156 

Table of Contents 

Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 9 - Deferred Charge Assets and Deferred Gain Liabilities ) COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ) ) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 As previously reported Adjustment As adjusted As previously reported Adjustment As adjusted (in millions of U.S. dollars) NET EARNINGS COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 As Computed Under Previous Method Effect of Accounting Change As Reported Under New Method (in millions of U.S. dollars) Retained Earnings Balance, beginning of year Net earnings ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 As previously reported Adjustment As adjusted As previously reported Adjustment As adjusted (in millions of U.S. dollars) Retained Earnings Balance, beginning of year Net earnings Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ) Balance, end of year 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 157 

Table of Contents 

Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 9 - Deferred Charge Assets and Deferred Gain Liabilities ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash flows provided by operating activities: Amortization of net deferred charge assets Other operating assets and liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 As previously reported Adjustment As adjusted As previously reported Adjustment As adjusted (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash flows provided by operating activities: Amortization of net deferred charge assets Other operating assets and liabilities (1) 
 ) ) 
 (1) As previously reported changes in other operating assets and liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 includes changes in premiums receivable of million and million, respectively. 
 
 The following tables provide a summary of the effect of the change in accounting policy on our 2022 and previously reported consolidated reconciliation of beginning and ending liability for losses and LAE: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 As Computed Under Previous Method Effect of Accounting Change As Reported Under New Method (in millions of U.S. dollars) DCAs on retroactive reinsurance ) Net balance as of January 1 Net incurred losses and LAE: Prior periods: Amortization of DCAs ) Total prior periods ) ) ) Total net incurred losses and LAE ) ) ) Other changes: Assumed business (1) 
 Total other changes Net balance as of December 31 DCAs on retroactive reinsurance ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 158 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 ) Net balance as of January 1 Net incurred losses and LAE: Prior periods: Amortization of DCAs ) ) Total prior periods ) ) ) ) ) Total net incurred losses and LAE ) ) ) ) Other changes: Effect of exchange rate movement ) Acquired business (2) 
 Assumed business (1) 
 Ceded business (3) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Total other changes Net balance as of December 31 DCAs on retroactive reinsurance ) ) 
 (1) 2022, 2021 and 2020 assumed business is net of DCAs of million, million and million, respectively. 
 (2) 2021 acquired business included million of loss reserves which are deemed to effectively settle balances relating to pre-existing relationships, the latter comprising of million of reinsurance recoverables, partially offset by a DGL of million, carried by two of our reinsurance subsidiaries. The impact of the DGL has been adjusted in the above table. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Additionally, all relevant notes to the financial statements have been updated for impacts of the change in accounting policy. 

Recorded during the year Realized on acquisition ) Amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending carrying value 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we completed our assessment for impairment of deferred charge assets and concluded that there had been impairment of our carried deferred charge asset balances. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 159 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 160 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Losses and LAE relating to SGL No.1 (1) 
 Reinsurance reserves recoverable (2) 
 ) ) ) Reinsurance reserves recoverable relating to SGL No. 1 (1) 
 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle on the determination of the allowance for estimated uncollectible reinsurance balances ) Net balance as of January 1 Net incurred losses and LAE: Current period: Increase in estimates of net ultimate losses Increase in provisions for ULAE Total current period Prior periods: Reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses ) ) ) Reduction in provisions for ULAE ) ) ) Amortization of fair value adjustments (3) 
 ) Changes in fair value - fair value option (4) 
 ) ) Total prior periods ) ) ) Total net incurred losses and LAE ) ) Net paid losses: Current period ) ) ) Prior periods ) ) ) Total net paid losses ) ) ) Other changes: Effect of exchange rate movement ) ) Acquired business (5) 
 Assumed business Ceded business ) ) Reclassification to assets and liabilities held-for-sale ) Total other changes Net balance as of December 31 Reinsurance reserves recoverable (2) 
 Balance as of December 31 Reconciliation to Consolidated Balance Sheet: Loss and loss adjustment expenses Loss and loss adjustment expenses, at fair value Total 
 (1) This balance represents our participation in Atrium's Syndicate 609 relating to the 2020 and prior underwriting years which is no longer eliminated on our consolidated financial statements following the completion of the Exchange Transaction on January 1, 2021. 
 (2) Excludes paid losses recoverable. 
 (3) 2022 amortization of fair value adjustments includes accelerated amortization of million representing the remaining risk margin fair value adjustment liability originally recorded upon acquisition of the Enhanzed Re catastrophe reinsurance business. The liability was released following the commutation of the catastrophe business back to Allianz. 
 (4) Comprises discount rate and risk margin components. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 161 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

billion includes million of third party loss reserves and million of loss reserves which are deemed to effectively settle balances relating to pre-existing relationships, the latter comprising of million of reinsurance recoverables carried by two of our reinsurance subsidiaries. These pre-existing relationships were fair valued at million in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting. 
 ) ) Environmental ) ) General casualty ) Workers' compensation ) ) ) Marine, aviation and transit ) ) ) Construction defect ) ) Professional indemnity/Directors and Officers ) ) ) Motor Property ) ) ) All Other ) ) Total Run-off segment 
 ) ) ) Total Assumed Life segment 
 ) Total Legacy Underwriting segment 
 ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 2022 : The reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses of million related to prior periods was primarily driven by net favorable development in the following Run-off segment lines of business: 
 Workers Compensation - The workers' compensation line of business experienced million of favorable development, most notably in our 2017 and 2019 to 2021 acquisition years, as a result of: 
 lower severity trends on certain existing claims; 
 reduced levels of expected frequency of claims for excess workers compensation; 
 favorable claim settlements, including accelerated and favorable claim settlement patterns on certain portfolios; and 
 an ADC contract where the cedants have experienced continued favorable ground-up performance. 
 During 2022, we also completed commutations that resulted in a net reduction of ultimate losses of million in our workers' compensation line of business. 
 Motor - The experience in our motor line was adverse by million due to higher than expected claims severity primarily on older liabilities and slower than expected claim settlement rates related to our 2020 acquisition year. 
 General Casualty - The experience in the general casualty reserves was adverse by million, including adverse development on an LPT portfolio from our 2020 acquisition year, partially offset by favorable development on certain of our 2019 and 2021 ADC contracts. Notably, 
 Our 2020 acquisition year general casualty liabilities experienced additional claim reporting latency and unexpected increased severity on a small number of large New York Labor Law claims which resulted in increased overall ultimate loss estimates. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 162 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

million of favorable development as a result of favorable experience across a variety of claim types, related to the 2014, 2018 and 2019 acquisition years. 
 Our Assumed Life segment also experienced favorable claim activity on our 2021 acquisition year catastrophe business. During 2022, we commuted back to Allianz the catastrophe reinsurance business originally ceded to Enhanzed Re by Allianz and recognized a favorable commutation gain of million, of which million contributed to a favorable reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses. The remaining million represented the accelerated amortization of the remaining fair value adjustment liability and is included within amortization of fair value adjustments. 
 2021 : 
 The reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses of million related to prior periods was primarily driven by net favorable development in the following Run-off segment lines of business: 
 Workers Compensation - The workers' compensation line of business experienced a million favorable development as a result of reduced claims activity and favorable settlements on open claims in 2011 prior accident years in one portfolio as well as recent 2015 - 2018 accident years on another. 
 During 2021, we also completed commutations that resulted in a net reduction of ultimate losses of million in our workers' compensation line of business. 
 General Casualty - The experience in the general casualty reserves was adverse by million. This was partially due to an increase in opioid exposure from our 2020 acquisition year and increased expectations of latent claims and a lengthening of the payment pattern related to our 2019 acquisition year. 
 During 2021, we also completed commutations that resulted in a net reduction of ultimate losses of million in our general casualty line of business. 
 Marine, Aviation and Transit - The marine, aviation and transit line of business experienced a million reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses due to favorable experience across a variety of claim types. 
 During 2021, we also completed commutations that resulted in a net increase of ultimate losses of million in our marine, aviation and transit line of business. 
 Motor - The experience in the motor line was adverse by million due to higher-than-expected claims severity relating to our 2020 acquisition year. 
 2020 : The reduction in estimates of net ultimate losses of million related to prior periods was primarily driven by net favorable development in the following Run-off segment lines of business: 
 Workers Compensation - The workers' compensation line of business experienced a million reduction in estimates of net ultimates losses as a result of favorable actual development versus expected development across nearly all of our acquired companies and assumed portfolios. 
 During 2020, we paid net losses of million and released case and LAE reserves of million. This represents a decline in reported losses of million for the year. 
 As a result of the favorable claims development, we recorded a release of million primarily attributed to a settlement of an outwards reinsurance agreement resulting in the reduction in gross ultimate losses inuring to our benefit. 
 During 2020, we also completed commutations that resulted in a net reduction of ultimate losses of million in our workers' compensation line of business. 
 Motor - The experience in the motor line was adverse by million due to higher than expected severity. The case reserves were significantly strengthened when we transferred the claim handling to a new third-party administrator with specialist experience in commercial automobile exposures. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 163 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
 million, ) million and million, respectively, were primarily driven by an increase in corporate bond yields in 2022 and 2021 and narrowing credit spreads in corporate bond yields in 2020. 

General casualty Workers' compensation Professional indemnity/Directors and Officers Motor Excluded from the loss development tables: Run-off segment: Environmental Marine, aviation and transit Construction defect Property Other Total Run-off segment OLR and IBNR Legacy Underwriting segment OLR and IBNR ULAE Fair value adjustments - acquired companies ) ) ) ) Fair value adjustments - fair value option ) ) ) ) Total 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 164 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 165 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

billion and billion, respectively, which represented an estimate of the net ultimate liability for A E claims. The gross liability for such claims as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was billion and billion, respectively. 
 The decrease of million and million on a net and gross basis, respectively, in 2022 was primarily due to net paid losses during the year. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 166 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

million were transferred from the Legacy Underwriting segment to the Run-off segment. 
 As such, on a prospective basis we have separately presented the Starstone International loss development tables on a standalone basis from the date of acquisition (April 2014). Additionally, the loss development information for StarStone International has been included in the Run-off segment loss development tables as an acquisition in 2021. In both instances, we have aligned the StarStone International lines of business with the Run-off segment lines of business. 
 Cessions to Enhanzed Re: As a result of the Step Acquisition of Enhanzed Re, the Run-off segment business previously ceded to Enhanzed Re became subject to elimination upon consolidation. As such, the loss development disclosures presented for the Run-off segment have been restated to exclude the historical incurred and paid loss development related to these cessions. 
 Acquired and Assumed Business: Acquired and assumed net reserves arising from business acquisitions and retroactive reinsurance agreements are included in the loss development tables on a prospective basis as the loss reserves are effectively re-underwritten at the date that they are acquired or assumed. 
 We believe that the historical loss development prior to our acquisition is not relevant with respect to our own experience managing these acquired loss reserves. Furthermore, the information required to prepare the loss development disclosures on a retrospective basis is not always available to us or reliable. 
 Commutations and Policy Buybacks: The loss development tables include the net incurred effect of agreeing a commutation or policy buyback in the year in which the commutation or policy buyback is contractually agreed and the related settlement in the year in which it is paid or received. 
 We do not recast prior years to remove commuted or bought back claims, since this practice would eliminate any historical favorable or adverse development we may have experienced on the commuted loss and LAE reserves. 
 Net Liabilities for Losses and LAE and Net Paid Losses and LAE: The loss development tables include reported case reserves and IBNR liabilities as well as cumulative paid losses, both of which include ALAE and are net of reinsurance recoveries. 
 The loss development tables exclude ULAE, fair value adjustments related to both business acquisitions and retroactive reinsurance agreements for which we have elected the fair value option as well as DCAs. 
 PPD: PPD included in the loss development tables is calculated as follows: i) for acquisition years 2021 and prior, subtract the 2021 calendar year net cumulative incurred losses and ALAE from the 2022 calendar year for all accident years excluding 2022; and ii) add the result of subtracting the 2022 acquisition year net reserves acquired from the 2022 net cumulative incurred losses and ALE for all accident year excluding 2022. 
 Foreign Exchange: The loss development tables exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates. Historical amounts are disclosed on a constant-currency basis, which is achieved by using constant foreign exchange rates between years in the loss development tables, and translating prior year amounts denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, which is our reporting currency, using the closing exchange rates as of December 31, 2022. 
 Reported Claim Counts: Reported claim counts are included in the loss development tables on a cumulative basis. We measure claim frequency information on an individual claim count basis as follows: 
 The claim frequency information includes direct and assumed open and closed claims at the claimant level. Reported claims that are closed without a payment are included within our cumulative number of reported claims because we typically incur claim adjustment expenses on them prior to their closure. 
 The claim count numbers exclude counts related to claims within policy deductibles where the insured is responsible for the payment of losses within the deductible layer. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 167 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 168 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2016 2012 and Prior 2017 2012 and Prior ) 2018 2012 and Prior ) 2019 2012 and Prior ) 2021 2012 and Prior ) Grand Total ) Net cumulative paid losses and ALAE (from table below) ) 2013 to 2022 acquisition years - net liabilities for losses and ALAE 2012 and prior acquisition years - net liabilities for losses and ALAE / net increase (reduction) in estimates of net ultimate losses related to prior years Total net liabilities for losses and ALAE / net increase (reduction) in estimates of net ultimate losses related to prior years ) 
 Run-off Segment Asbestos Net cumulative paid losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses For the years ended December 31 Acquisition Year Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (in millions of U.S. dollars, except cumulative number of claims) Unaudited 2013 2012 and Prior 2016 2012 and Prior 2017 2012 and Prior 2018 2012 and Prior ) ) ) ) ) 2019 2012 and Prior 2021 2012 and Prior Grand Total 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 169 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2016 2017 2018 2019 2021 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 170 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2013 2013 2013 2014 Total 2014 2012 and Prior ) 2014 2013 ) 2014 2014 2014 2015 2014 2016 2014 2017 Total ) 2015 2012 and Prior 2015 2013 2015 2014 2015 2015 2015 2016 2015 2017 2015 2018 2015 2019 2015 2020 2015 2021 Total 2016 2012 and Prior ) Total ) 2017 2012 and Prior ) 2017 2013 Total ) 2018 2012 and Prior 2018 2013 ) 2018 2014 2018 2015 2018 2016 2018 2017 ) 2018 2018 ) 2018 2019 2018 2022 Total 2019 2012 and Prior 2019 2013 ) 2019 2014 ) 2019 2015 ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 171 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2019 2017 2019 2018 ) 2019 2019 2019 2020 2019 2021 2019 2022 Total ) 2020 (1) 
 2012 and Prior ) 2020 (1) 
 2013 ) 2020 (1) 
 2014 ) 2020 (1) 
 2015 ) 2020 (1) 
 2016 ) 2020 (1) 
 2017 ) 2020 (1) 
 2018 ) 2020 (1) 
 2019 ) ) 2020 (1) 
 2020 ) Total ) 2021 2012 and Prior ) 2021 2013 ) 2021 2014 ) 2021 2015 ) 2021 2016 ) 2021 2017 2021 2018 2021 2019 2021 2020 ) 2021 2021 2021 2022 Total 2022 (1) 
 2012 and Prior 2022 (1) 
 2013 ) 2022 (1) 
 2014 2022 (1) 
 2015 ) 2022 (1) 
 2016 2022 (1) 
 2017 ) 2022 (1) 
 2018 2022 (1) 
 2019 ) Total ) Grand Total Net cumulative paid losses and ALAE (from table below) ) 2013 to 2022 acquisition years - net liabilities for losses and ALAE 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 172 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

) Total net liabilities for losses and ALAE / net increase (reduction) in estimates of net ultimate losses related to prior years 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into a LPT agreement with Aspen, which absorbed the Aspen ADC agreement we entered into in 2020. As such, we have reclassified the net reserves acquired in acquisition year 2020 and the net cumulative incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses recorded through December 31, 2022 to acquisition year 2022. 
 Run-off Segment General Casualty Net cumulative paid losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses For the years ended December 31 Acquisition Year Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (in millions of U.S. dollars, except cumulative number of claims) Unaudited 2013 2012 and Prior Total 2014 2012 and Prior 2014 2013 2014 2014 Total 2015 2012 and Prior 2015 2013 2015 2014 2015 2015 2015 2016 Total 2016 2012 and Prior Total 2017 2012 and Prior Total 2018 2012 and Prior 2018 2013 2018 2014 2018 2015 2018 2016 2018 2017 2018 2018 2018 2019 Total 2019 2012 and Prior 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 173 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2019 2014 2019 2015 2019 2016 ) ) ) 2019 2017 2019 2018 2019 2019 Total 2020 2012 and Prior 2020 2013 2020 2014 2020 2015 2020 2016 2020 2017 2020 2018 2020 2019 2020 2020 Total 2021 2012 and Prior 2021 2013 2021 2014 2021 2015 2021 2016 2021 2017 2021 2018 2021 2019 2021 2020 Total 2022 2012 and Prior 2022 2013 2022 2014 2022 2015 2022 2016 2022 2017 2022 2018 2022 2019 Total Grand Total 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 174 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2014 2015 2016 ) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 175 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

) 2013 2013 ) 2013 2014 Total ) 2015 2012 and Prior 2015 2013 ) 2015 2014 ) 2015 2015 2015 2016 ) 2015 2017 2015 2018 Total ) 2016 2012 and Prior ) Total ) 2017 2012 and Prior ) Total ) 2018 2012 and Prior ) 2018 2013 ) 2018 2014 2018 2015 ) 2018 2016 ) 2018 2017 ) 2018 2018 2018 2019 2018 2020 Total ) 2019 2012 and Prior ) 2019 2013 2019 2014 2019 2015 ) 2019 2016 ) 2019 2017 ) 2019 2018 ) 2019 2019 2019 2020 2019 2021 Total ) 2020 2012 and Prior ) 2020 2014 2020 2015 ) 2020 2016 2020 2017 ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 176 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2020 2019 2020 2020 Total ) 2021 2012 and Prior ) 2021 2013 ) 2021 2014 2021 2015 ) 2021 2016 ) 2021 2017 ) 2021 2018 ) 2021 2019 ) 2021 2020 ) 2021 2021 ) 2021 2022 Total ) 2022 2012 and Prior 2022 2013 2022 2014 ) 2022 2015 ) 2022 2016 2022 2017 2022 2018 ) 2022 2019 ) Total ) Grand Total ) Net cumulative paid losses and ALAE (from table below) ) 2013 to 2022 acquisition years - net liabilities for losses and ALAE 2012 and prior acquisition years - net liabilities for losses and ALAE / net increase (reduction) in estimates of net ultimate losses related to prior years ) Total net liabilities for losses and ALAE / net increase (reduction) in estimates of net ultimate losses related to prior years ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 177 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2013 2013 2013 2014 Total 2015 2012 and Prior 2015 2013 2015 2014 2015 2015 Total 2016 2012 and Prior Total 2017 2012 and Prior Total 2018 2012 and Prior 2018 2013 2018 2014 2018 2015 2018 2016 2018 2017 2018 2018 2018 2019 Total 2019 2012 and Prior 2019 2014 2019 2015 2019 2016 2019 2017 2019 2018 Total 2020 2012 and Prior 2020 2016 2020 2017 2020 2018 2020 2019 2020 2020 Total 2021 2012 and Prior 2021 2013 2021 2014 2021 2015 2021 2016 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 178 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2021 2018 2021 2019 2021 2020 2021 2021 Total Grand Total 
 ) 2015 2016 2017 ) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 179 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2014 2013 2014 2014 2014 2015 2014 2016 2014 2017 2014 2018 2014 2019 2014 2020 2014 2021 Total 2016 2012 and Prior ) ) 2016 2013 Total ) ) 2018 2012 and Prior ) 2018 2013 2018 2014 2018 2015 2018 2016 2018 2017 2018 2018 2018 2019 2018 2020 2018 2021 Total ) 2019 2012 and Prior ) 2019 2013 ) 2019 2014 2019 2015 ) 2019 2016 ) 2019 2017 2019 2018 2019 2019 2019 2020 2019 2021 2019 2022 Total ) 2020 (1) 
 2012 and Prior ) 2020 (1) 
 2013 ) 2020 (1) 
 2014 ) 2020 (1) 
 2015 ) ) 2020 (1) 
 2016 ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 180 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

) ) ) 2020 (1) 
 2018 ) ) 2020 (1) 
 2019 ) 2020 (1) 
 2020 ) Total ) 2021 2012 and Prior ) 2021 2013 ) 2021 2014 ) 2021 2015 ) 2021 2016 ) 2021 2017 2021 2018 ) 2021 2019 2021 2020 ) 2021 2021 2021 2022 Total ) 2022 (1) 
 2012 and Prior ) ) 2022 (1) 
 2013 ) ) 2022 (1) 
 2014 2022 (1) 
 2015 2022 (1) 
 2016 2022 (1) 
 2017 2022 (1) 
 2018 2022 (1) 
 2019 Total Grand Total Net cumulative paid losses and ALAE (from table below) ) 2013 to 2022 acquisition years - net liabilities for losses and ALAE 2012 and prior acquisition years - net liabilities for losses and ALAE / net increase (reduction) in estimates of net ultimate losses related to prior years ) Total net liabilities for losses and ALAE / net increase (reduction) in estimates of net ultimate losses related to prior years ) 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into a LPT agreement with Aspen, which absorbed the Aspen ADC agreement we entered into in 2020. As such, we have reclassified the net reserves acquired in acquisition year 2020 and the net cumulative incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses recorded through December 31, 2022 to acquisition year 2022. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 181 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2014 2013 2014 2014 2014 2015 Total 2016 2012 and Prior Total 2018 2012 and Prior 2018 2013 2018 2014 2018 2015 2018 2016 2018 2017 2018 2018 Total 2019 2012 and Prior 2019 2013 2019 2014 2019 2015 2019 2016 2019 2017 2019 2018 2019 2019 Total 2020 2013 2020 2017 ) 2020 2018 2020 2019 2020 2020 Total 2021 2012 and Prior 2021 2013 2021 2014 2021 2015 2021 2016 2021 2017 2021 2018 2021 2019 2021 2020 2021 2021 Total 2022 2012 and Prior 2022 2013 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 182 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2022 2016 2022 2017 2022 2018 2022 2019 Total Grand Total 
 2016 ) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 183 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

) ) 2014 2013 2014 2014 2014 2015 2014 2016 2014 2017 Total 2015 2012 and Prior 2015 2013 2015 2014 ) 2015 2015 2015 2016 2015 2017 2015 2018 Total 2017 2012 and Prior 2017 2013 2017 2014 2017 2015 2017 2016 Total 2018 2012 and Prior ) 2018 2013 ) 2018 2014 2018 2015 2018 2016 2018 2017 2018 2018 2018 2019 Total 2019 2012 and Prior ) 2019 2013 Total ) 2020 2015 2020 2016 2020 2017 2020 2018 Total 2021 2012 and Prior ) 2021 2013 ) 2021 2014 ) 2021 2015 ) ) ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 184 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

) 2021 2017 ) 2021 2018 ) 2021 2019 ) 2021 2020 ) Total ) 2022 2012 and Prior 2022 2013 2022 2014 2022 2015 2022 2016 2022 2017 2022 2018 2022 2019 Total Grand Total Net cumulative paid losses and ALAE (from table below) ) 2013 to 2022 acquisition years - net liabilities for losses and ALAE 2012 and prior acquisition years - net liabilities for losses and ALAE / net increase (reduction) in estimates of net ultimate losses related to prior years Total net liabilities for losses and ALAE / net increase (reduction) in estimates of net ultimate losses related to prior years 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 185 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2014 2013 2014 2014 Total 2015 2012 and Prior 2015 2013 2015 2014 2015 2015 Total 2017 2012 and Prior 2017 2013 2017 2014 2017 2015 2017 2016 Total 2018 2012 and Prior 2018 2013 2018 2014 2018 2015 2018 2016 2018 2017 2018 2018 2018 2019 Total 2019 2012 and Prior Total 2020 2015 2020 2016 2020 2017 2020 2018 Total 2021 2015 ) Total ) Grand Total 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 186 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2015 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 ) 2022 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 187 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2013 2014 2015 2016 ) 2017 2018 2019 2020 ) 2021 2022 Total (1) Total of IBNR plus expected development on reported losses. 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance Accident Year For The Years Ended December 31, 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (unaudited) 2012 and Prior 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Total Total outstanding liabilities for unpaid losses and ALAE, net of reinsurance 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 188 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses Gross liability for unpaid losses and LAE before unallocated loss adjustment expenses and fair value adjustments 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 189 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2013 ) 2014 2015 ) 2016 ) 2017 ) 2018 2019 2020 ) 2021 ) 2022 ) (1) Total of IBNR plus expected development on reported losses. 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance For The Years Ended December 31, Accident Year 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (unaudited) 2012 and Prior 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Total outstanding liabilities for unpaid losses and ALAE, net of reinsurance 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 190 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses Gross liability for unpaid losses and LAE before ULAE and fair value adjustments 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 191 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 10 - Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

2013 ) 2014 2015 ) 2016 2017 ) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 ) (1) Total of IBNR plus expected development on reported losses. 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance Accident Year For The Years Ended December 31, 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (unaudited) 2012 and Prior 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Total outstanding liabilities for unpaid losses and ALAE, net of reinsurance 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 192 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 11 - Future Policyholder Benefits 

Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses Gross liability for unpaid losses and LAE before ULAE and fair value adjustments 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 193 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 12 - Defendant Asbestos and Environmental Liabilities 

Whole of life reversion annuities In-payment annuities Total 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had future policyholder benefit liabilities of billion and billion, respectively. The decrease of million was primarily due to foreign currency translation following the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Euro. 
 We believe that the assumptions used represent a realistic and appropriate basis for estimating the provision for future policyholder benefits as of December 31, 2022. However, these assumptions are subject to change and we regularly review and adjust our estimates and provisioning methodologies taking into account all currently known information and updated assumptions relating to unknown information. 
 In November 2022, we completed a novation of all of our life contingent liabilities and other policy benefits pursuant to the Master Agreement we entered into with Allianz. The impact of the novation will be reflected in our first quarter 2023 results as we report the results of Enhanzed Re on a one quarter reporting lag 37 . 

37 Refer to Note 26 for further information. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 194 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 12 - Defendant Asbestos and Environmental Liabilities 

Defendant environmental liabilities Estimated future expenses Fair value adjustments ) ) Defendant A E liabilities 
 Insurance balances recoverable: Insurance recoveries related to defendant asbestos liabilities (net of allowance: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Fair value adjustments ) ) Insurance balances recoverable Net liabilities relating to defendant A E exposures 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 195 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 12 - Defendant Asbestos and Environmental Liabilities 

Insurance balances recoverable ) ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle on the determination of the allowance for estimated uncollectible insurance balances Net balance as of January 1 Amounts recorded in other expense (income): Reduction in estimate of net ultimate liabilities ) ) ) Reduction in estimated future expenses ) ) ) Amortization of fair value adjustments Total other expense (income) ) ) Total net recoveries (paid claims) ) Net balance as of December 31 Insurance balances recoverable Balance as of December 31 
 Total other expense from our defendant A E liabilities was million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the amortization of fair value adjustments and partially offset by favorable changes in the estimate of liabilities and future expenses 
 Total other income was million for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by a reduction in the actuarially estimated ultimate net liabilities as a result of a decline in mesothelioma filings. 
 Total other income was million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and was driven by a reduction in the actuarially estimated ultimate net liabilities as a result of a lower than expected number of asbestos claims filed against us, lower than expected paid indemnity and defense costs, and the net collection of disputed insurance recoveries. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 196 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 such sites. Responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at a Superfund site is typically shared among PRPs based on an allocation formula. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The estimate for defendant environmental liabilities is based on information available to us, including an estimate of the allocation of liability among PRPs, the probability that other PRPs will pay the cost apportioned to them, currently available information from PRPs and/or federal or state environmental agencies concerning the scope of contamination and estimated remediation and consulting costs, and remediation alternatives. 
 
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did t have any new provisions, write-offs charged against the allowance for estimated uncollectible insurance or any recoveries of amounts previously written off. 
 We did not have significant non-disputed past due balances receivable from our insurers related to our defendant asbestos liabilities, that were older than one year for any of the periods presented. Any balances that are part of ongoing legal activity are estimated to be recovered at the level of our recorded asset which is consistent with our legal advice and past collection experience. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 197 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 198 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 

U.K. government Other government Corporate Municipal Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed Structured products Other assets included within funds held - directly managed Equities: Publicly traded equity investments Exchange-traded funds Privately held equity investments Other investments: Hedge funds Fixed income funds Equity funds Private equity funds CLO equities CLO equity funds Private credit funds Real estate fund Total Investments Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses: Funds held by reinsured companies: Other Assets: Derivatives qualifying as hedging Derivatives not qualifying as hedges Derivative instruments Losses and LAE: Other Liabilities: Derivatives qualifying as hedging Derivatives not qualifying as hedges Derivative instruments 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 199 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 

U.K government Other government Corporate Municipal Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed Structured products Other assets included within funds held - directly managed Equities: Publicly traded equity investments Exchange-traded funds Privately held equity investments Other investments: Hedge funds Fixed income funds Equity funds Private equity funds CLO equities CLO equity funds Private credit funds Real estate fund Total Investments Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses: Other Assets: Derivatives not qualifying as hedges Derivative instruments Losses and LAE: Other Liabilities: Derivatives qualifying as hedging Derivatives not qualifying as hedges Derivative instruments 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 200 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 201 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 202 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 203 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 

Purchases Sales ) ) ) ) Total net unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Ending fair value 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) related to Level 3 assets in the table above are included in net unrealized gains (losses) in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 There were no transfers to and from Level 2 and Level 3 investments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 P/BV multiple P/BV (excluding AOCI) multiple Price/LTM earnings multiple Expected term - x 
 - x 
 - x 
 - years 
 Dividend discount model; Guideline companies method Discount rate P/BV multiple Price/2023 earnings Price/2024 earnings - 
 x - x 
 x - x 
 x - x 
 Guideline companies method; Earnings LTM Enterprise Value/ EBITDA multiples LTM EV/Revenue multiples Multiple on earnings x - x 
 x - x 
 x 
 Non-recurring basis: Cost as approximation of fair value Cost as approximation of fair value 
 (1) The average represents the arithmetic average of the inputs and is not weighted by the relative fair value. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the valuation techniques we used to fair value million privately held equity investment includes an option pricing model, which allows for consideration of various exit options that exist within the investment. The unobservable inputs to the option pricing model have been identified and disclosed in the table above, and we no longer use a distribution waterfall to fair value the investment. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 204 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 

Initial recognition Total net unrealized gains Ending fair value 
 Net unrealized gains in the table above are included in net unrealized gains (losses) in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Valuations Techniques and Inputs 
 Volatility rate; Expected loss payments 
 billion 

Incurred losses and LAE: Reduction in estimates of ultimate losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Reduction in unallocated LAE ) ) ) ) Change in fair value ) ) ) ) ) ) Total incurred losses and LAE ) ) ) ) ) ) Paid losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate movements ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending fair value 
 Changes in fair value in the table above are included in net incurred losses and LAE in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 205 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 13 - Fair Value Measurements 

Corporate bond yield ) ) Credit spread for non-performance ) Weighted cost of capital ) Risk cost of capital Change in fair value ) ) 
 
 Valuations Techniques and Inputs 
 Internal model Risk cost of capital (U) Internal model Weighted average cost of capital (U) Internal model Average payout - liability (U) years years Internal model Average payout - reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses (U) years years 
 The fair value of the liability for losses and LAE and reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses may increase or decrease due to changes in the corporate bond rate, the credit spread for non-performance risk, the risk cost of capital, the weighted average cost of capital and the estimated payment pattern. 
 In addition, the estimate of the capital required to support the liabilities is based upon current industry standards for capital adequacy. 
 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2031 
 Total Senior Notes Junior Subordinated Notes due 2040 
 Junior Subordinated Notes due 2042 
 Total Subordinated Notes 
 The fair value of our Senior Notes and our Junior Subordinated Notes due 2040 and 2042 was based on observable market pricing from a third party pricing service. 
 The Subordinated Notes are classified as Level 2. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 206 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 14 - Variable Interest Entities 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 207 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 14 - Variable Interest Entities 

million. At that time, we performed an assessment and concluded that as a result of being a limited partner and having no substantive kick-out or participating rights, the GCM Fund is a VIE. We also concluded that we are the primary beneficiary, as our economic interest in the GCM Fund is disproportionately greater than our lack of stated power to direct the activities of the GCM Fund that will most significantly impact the GCM Fund s economic performance. As a result, we have consolidated the results of the GCM Fund. There was no gain or loss recognized on consolidation. 
 We have elected to recognize the results of the GCM Fund on a one quarter lag due to anticipated delays in obtaining timely financial information. As of December 31, 2022, million of the initial commitment has been called. The carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities of the GCM Fund are presented within existing captions on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Net investment income, changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities of the GCM Fund and management fees will be presented within existing captions in the consolidated statements of earnings. Such amounts are immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our exposure to risk of loss is limited to the amount of our investment, in accordance with the limited partnership agreement. We have not committed to provide any financial support to the general partner of the GCM Fund. In addition, we have not committed to provide any additional financial support to the GCM Fund in excess of previously funded capital commitments and all undistributed profits and income. 
 The assets of Enstar are not available to the creditors of the GCM Fund. 
 
 billion and completed the liquidation of our investment in the InRe Fund. 
 On April 1, 2021, we obtained control of the InRe Fund following redemption by the general partner, an affiliate of Hillhouse Group, of all of its outstanding ownership interests and the termination of its investment management activities. From that date we had both full ownership of the InRe Fund and the power to direct its activities, which led to our determination to consolidate the InRe Fund. 
 Prior to consolidation, our investment in the InRe Fund was recorded at fair value using the NAV as a practical expedient, with any changes included within net unrealized gains in the consolidated statements of earnings. Thus, there was no gain or loss upon consolidation. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021 we recognized net investment expenses for the InRe Fund of million and net realized losses of million (as all investments were redeemed and liquidated during the year subsequent to consolidation). 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized net unrealized gains of billion as we accounted for this investment at NAV, with all changes in NAV (which would have included all income and expenses of the InRe Fund) within net unrealized gains. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, our consolidated statements of cash flows included net operating cash flows of billion attributed to the InRe Fund driven by net sales of trading securities, partially offset by net payments to cover securities sold short, and net investing cash flows of million resulting from the initial consolidation of the InRe Fund's cash and restricted cash balances. 
 Summarized Financial Information 
 Prior to consolidating the InRe Fund, total income, expenses and net income (including Enstar s and Hillhouse s combined interests) for the three months ended March 31, 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. Total income, expenses and net income for the InRe Fund for the year ended December 31, 2020 was billion, million and billion, respectively. Enstar recognized million and billion of net unrealized 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 208 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 15 - Premiums Written and Earned 

Privately held equity Total Other investments Hedge funds Fixed income funds Private equity funds CLO equity funds Private credit funds Real estate funds Total Total investments in nonconsolidated VIEs 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Fair Value Unfunded Commitments Maximum Exposure to Loss (in millions of U.S. dollars) Equities Publicly traded equity investment in common stock Other investments Hedge fund Fixed income funds Private equity funds CLO equity funds Private credit funds Real estate funds Total Total investments in nonconsolidated VIEs 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 209 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 17 - Debt Obligations and Credit Facilities 

Total ceded ) ) ) ) ) ) Total net 
 Gross premiums written for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 decreased by million and million, respectively, primarily due to our strategic exit from our active underwriting platforms beginning in 2020. 

million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 that was included within other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. There were no changes in this balance for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022. We have no other intangible assets in any of the periods presented within these financial statements. 
 As part of our annual assessment of goodwill, we have considered the net loss attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was driven by net unrealized losses, primarily related to fixed income securities, as a result of rising interest rates and widening credit spreads. While we expect global financial markets to remain volatile into 2023, we expect that unrealized losses on our fixed maturity assets will be recouped as these assets get closer to their maturity and the prices pull to par. Therefore, we have concluded that the net loss attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 is not an indicator of goodwill impairment. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 210 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 17 - Debt Obligations and Credit Facilities 

Senior Notes due 2022 
 March 2017 years Senior Notes due 2029 
 May 2019 years ) ) Senior Notes due 2031 
 August 2021 years ) ) Total Senior Notes Junior Subordinated Notes due 2040 
 August 2020 years ) ) Junior Subordinated Notes due 2042 
 January 2022 years ) Enhanzed Re's Subordinated Notes due 2031 
 December 2018 years Total Subordinated Notes EGL Revolving Credit Facility August 2018 years Total debt obligations 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Gain on extinguishment ) Total interest expense 
 Senior Notes 
 The Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to all of our secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and structurally subordinated to all liabilities of our subsidiaries, including claims of policyholders. 
 We may repurchase the 2029 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes at any time prior to the date which is and , respectively, prior to maturity, subject to the payment of a make-whole premium. After such respective date, we may repurchase the 2029 Senior Notes and the 2031 Senior Notes at a purchase price equal to of the outstanding principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In each case, any such repurchases are also subject to satisfying certain regulatory requirements. 
 Subordinated Notes 
 The 2040 Junior Subordinated Notes are unsecured junior subordinated obligations of Enstar Finance LLC Enstar Finance ). The 2040 Junior Subordinated Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by us on an unsecured and junior subordinated basis. These debt securities of Enstar Finance are effectively subordinated to the obligations of our other subsidiaries. 
 The 2040 Junior Subordinated Notes bear interest (i) during the initial period ending August 30, 2025, at a fixed rate per annum of and (ii) during each reset period thereafter beginning September 1, 2025, at 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 211 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 17 - Debt Obligations and Credit Facilities 

business days prior to the beginning of such five-year period plus . 
 Subject to certain threshold regulatory requirements and during certain time periods, Enstar Finance may repurchase the 2040 Junior Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part, at any time, at a repurchase price equal to at least of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 Debt Issuance 
 In January 2022, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Enstar Finance, completed the issuance and sale of a series of junior subordinated notes due 2042 (the "2042 Junior Subordinated Notes") for an aggregate principal amount of million. The 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes bear interest (i) during the initial period ending January 14, 2027, at a fixed rate per annum of and (ii) during each reset period thereafter beginning January 15, 2027, at a fixed rate per annum equal to the five-year U.S. treasury rate calculated as of business days prior to the beginning of such five-year period plus . 
 The 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes are unsecured junior subordinated obligations of Enstar Finance, are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by us on an unsecured and junior subordinated basis, and are contractually subordinated in right of payment to the existing and future obligations of our other subsidiaries (other than Enstar Finance). 
 The 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes are exclusively the obligations of Enstar Finance and us, to the extent of the guarantee, and are not guaranteed by any of our other subsidiaries, which are separate and distinct legal entities and, except for Enstar Finance, have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay holders any amounts due on the 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes or to make any funds available for payment on the 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes, whether by dividends, loans or other payments. 
 Generally, if an event of default occurs, the trustee or the holders of at least in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes may declare the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the then outstanding 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes to be due and payable immediately. 
 Subject to threshold regulatory requirements, Enstar Finance may repurchase the 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part, at any time during a par call period, at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, and at any time not during a par call period, plus an additional "make-whole" premium. 
 We incurred costs of million in issuing the 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes. The net proceeds of the 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes were partially used to fund the payment at maturity of the outstanding million aggregate principal amount of our 2022 Senior Notes. 
 Debt Repayment 
 In September 2022, we repaid Enhanzed Re's million of Subordinated Notes due 2031 that had been issued to an affiliate of Allianz. We also recognized a gain on extinguishment of million as a result of accelerating the amortization of the remaining fair value adjustment, which was included within interest expense in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Maturities 
 As of December 31, 2022, there are outstanding debt obligations that will become due in each of the next five years. Our debt of billion upon maturity becomes due in periods beyond five years from December 31, 2022. 
 EGL Revolving Credit Facility 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were permitted to borrow up to an aggregate amount of million under our unsecured revolving credit agreement. We may request additional commitments under the facility up to an additional million, which the existing lenders in their discretion or new lenders may provide, in each case subject to the terms of the agreement. To date, we have not requested any additional commitments under the facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of available unutilized capacity under the facility. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we borrowed and fully repaid million of loans under our revolving credit facility. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 212 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 18 - Noncontrolling Interests 

million FAL LOC Facility (2) 
 million FAL Deposit Facility (2) 
 million LOC Facility 
 million LOC Facility 
 million LOC Facility 
 million Syndicated LOC Facility 
 million LOC Facility (3) 
 million Bermuda LOC Facility (3)(4) 
 million LOC Facility 
 million Bermuda LOC Facility (4) 
 million Bermuda LOC Facility (4) 
 million Bermuda LOC Facility (4) 
 million United Kingdom LOC Facility (5) 
 
 (1) We may request additional commitments under the facility in an aggregate amount not to exceed this amount. 
 (2) The FAL LOC facility will expire on September 30, 2024, with an option to extend the termination date to September 30, 2025. The FAL Deposit Facility will expire May 6, 2023. Under the FAL Deposit facility, a third-party lender deposits a requested market valuation amount of eligible securities into Lloyd s on behalf of our Lloyd s corporate member. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our combined FAL comprised cash and investments of million (including million provided under the FAL Deposit Facility) and million (including million provided under the FAL Deposit Facility), respectively, and unsecured LOCs of million and million, respectively. 
 (3) The LOC was terminated during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (4) The LOC issued under this facility qualifies as Eligible Capital for one of our Bermuda regulated subsidiaries. 

We also utilize secured operating LOCs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total balance of such secured operating LOCs issued and outstanding was million and million, respectively. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 213 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 19 - Shareholders' Equity 

Distributions paid ) Net (losses) earnings attributable to RNCI ) Change in unrealized losses on AFS investments attributable to RNCI ) ) Change in currency translation adjustments attributable to RNCI Change in redemption value of RNCI ) Balance as of December 31 
 . 
 
 million and million, respectively, of NCI primarily related to external interests in three of our subsidiaries, including Enhanzed Re. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending carrying amount of the equity attributable to NCI is included in the consolidated statements of changes in shareholder's equity. 
 ownership interest Allianz held in Enhanzed Re for million 38 

38 Refer to Note 26 for further information. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 214 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 19 - Shareholders' Equity 

ordinary shares ("Voting Ordinary Shares") and non-voting convertible ordinary shares ("Non-Voting Ordinary Shares"), each of par value per share, and preferred shares of par value per share. 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Shares issued Shares repurchased ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 Shares issued Shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Warrant exercise (1) 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 Shares issued Shares repurchased ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) Warrants to acquire Series C Non-Voting Ordinary Shares for an exercise price of per share were exercised on a non-cash basis during the year ended December 31, 2021, which resulted in a total of Series C Non-Voting Ordinary Shares being issued in the year. 
 Voting Ordinary Shares 
 Each voting ordinary share entitles the holder thereof to vote. 
 Share Repurchase Programs 
 2021 Repurchase Program (2) 
 2022 Repurchase Program (3) 
 Total share repurchases under repurchase programs 
 (1) Our Board of Directors (our Board approved an ordinary share repurchase program in March 2020 (the 2020 Repurchase Program ), not to exceed million in aggregate. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we repurchased ordinary shares at an average price per ordinary share of , for an aggregate price of million. The 2020 Repurchase Program was terminated in July 2021. 
 (2) Our Board approved an ordinary share repurchase program in November 2021 (the 2021 Repurchase Program ), not to exceed million in aggregate. The 2021 Repurchase Program was fully utilized as of April 2022. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 215 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 19 - Shareholders' Equity 

million of our ordinary shares (the 2022 Repurchase Program ), which is effective through May 5, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining capacity under the 2022 Repurchase Program was million. 
 In May 2022, we entered into share repurchase agreements in relation to our 2022 Repurchase Program. The first was with Trident Public Equity LP, an affiliate of Stone Point, to repurchase of our ordinary shares for an aggregate price of million. The second was with an unaffiliated institutional shareholder, to repurchase shares for an aggregate price of million. Both transactions were priced at per share, representing a discount to the closing price of our ordinary shares on the NASDAQ stock market on May 9, 2022. 
 Strategic Share Repurchases 
 In July 2021, we repurchased of our ordinary shares, comprising (a) of our voting ordinary shares, (b) of our Series C non-voting ordinary shares, and (c) of our Series E non-voting ordinary shares, held by funds managed by Hillhouse Group (the Hillhouse Funds ), a related party, for a price of per share, totaling million in aggregate. The shares represented the Hillhouse Funds' entire interest in Enstar, which constituted of our total ordinary shares and of our voting ordinary shares. 
 Joint Share Ownership Plan 
 voting ordinary shares were issued to the trustee of the Enstar Group Limited Employee Benefit Trust (the "EB Trust"). Voting rights in respect of shares held in the EB Trust have been contractually waived. We have consolidated the EB Trust, and shares held in the EB Trust are classified like treasury shares as contra-equity in our consolidated balance sheet. The EB Trust supports awards made under our Joint Share Ownership Plan 39 . 
 
 -for-one exchange ratio (subject to adjustment for share splits, dividends, recapitalizations, consolidations or similar transactions) into voting ordinary shares if the registered holder transfers them in a widely dispersed offering; 
 iii. may only vote on certain limited matters that would constitute a variation of class rights and as required under Bermuda law; and 
 iv. require the registered holders written consent in order to vary the rights of the shares in a significant and adverse manner. 
 The Series D shares are authorized, but shares in these series are issued and outstanding. Holders of the Series C shares have the right to convert such shares, on a share-for-share basis, subject to certain adjustments, into Series D shares at their option. There is no economic difference in Series C or D shares, but there are slight differences in the conversion rights and the limited voting rights of each series. 
 The Series E shares have substantially the same rights as the Series C shares, except that: 
 i. they are convertible only into voting ordinary shares; and 
 ii. they may only vote as required under Bermuda law. 
 The Series E shares include all other non-voting ordinary shares authorized under our bye-laws but not classified as Series C or D non-voting ordinary shares. 
 
 Series C participating non-voting perpetual preferred shares ("Series C Preferred Shares") issued and held by one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 
 39 As described in Note 21. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 216 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 19 - Shareholders' Equity 

per share with respect to surplus assets; and 
 ii. are non-voting except in certain limited circumstances. 
 The Series C Preferred shares have dividend rights equal to those of the ordinary voting shares, subject to certain limitations and in an amount determined by a "participation rate" that is generally reflective of the reduction in the number of Series C Preferred Shares issued in exchange for the previously outstanding Series A shares. 
 The Series C Preferred Shares otherwise rank on parity with the ordinary voting and non-voting shares, and they rank senior to each other class or series of share capital, unless the terms of any such class or series shall expressly provide otherwise. 
 
 million of gross proceeds through the public offering of shares of its non-cumulative fixed-to-floating rate Series D perpetual preferred shares ("Series D Preferred Shares") (equivalent to depositary shares, each of which represents a 1/1,000th interest in a Series D Preferred Share), par value and liquidation preference per share (equivalent to per depositary share). The depositary shares are listed and trade under the "ESGRP" ticker symbol on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 
 per Series D Preferred Share (equivalent to per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. 
 
 million of gross proceeds through the public offering of shares of its fixed rate non-cumulative Series E perpetual preferred shares ("Series E Preferred Shares") (equivalent to depositary shares, each of which represents a 1/1,000th interest in a Series E Preferred Share), par value and liquidation preference per share (equivalent to per depositary share). The depositary shares are listed and trade under the "ESGRO" ticker symbol on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 
 per Series E Preferred Share (equivalent to per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. 
 
 per annum. 
 Commencing on September 1, 2028, the Series D Preferred Shares will convert to a floating rate basis and dividends will be payable on a non-cumulative basis, when, as and if declared, at an alternative reference rate (with spread adjustment) to three-month LIBOR, as determined by the calculation agent consistent with accepted market practice, plus per annum. Dividends that are not declared will not accumulate and will not be payable. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we declared and paid dividends on Series D Preferred Shares of million and on Series E Preferred Shares of million for all three years. 
 Any payment of dividends must be approved by our Board. Our ability to pay dividends is subject to certain restrictions 40 . 
 
 40 As described in Note 24. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 217 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 20 - Earnings per Share 
 ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for change in allowance for credit losses recognized in net earnings ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized (gains) losses included in net earnings ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification to earnings on disposal of subsidiary ) ) Change in currency translation adjustment ) ) Other ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) ) ) Net unrealized (losses) gains Net earnings from discontinued operations ) ) Total before tax ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Net of tax Other General and administrative expenses Total reclassifications for the period, net of tax ) ) Net of tax 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 218 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 21 - Share-Based Compensation 
 Net earnings from discontinued operations (2) 
 Net (loss) earnings attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders ) Denominator: Weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding basic (3) 
 Effect of dilutive securities: Share-based compensation plans (4) 
 Warrants (5) 
 Weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding diluted (6) 
 Earnings (loss) per share attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders: Basic: Net (loss) earnings from continuing operations ) Net earnings from discontinued operations Net (loss) earnings per ordinary share ) Diluted (6) : 
 Net (loss) earnings from continuing operations ) Net earnings from discontinued operations Net (loss) earnings per ordinary share ) 
 (1) Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders equals net earnings from continuing operations, plus net (earnings) loss from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest, less dividends on preferred shares. 
 (2) Net earnings from discontinued operations attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders equals net earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, plus net (earnings) from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interest 41 . 
 (3) Weighted-average ordinary shares for basic earnings per share includes ordinary shares (voting and non-voting) but excludes ordinary shares held in the EB Trust in respect of JSOP awards. 
 (4) Share-based dilutive securities include restricted shares, restricted share units, and performance share units. Certain share-based compensation awards were excluded from the calculation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because they were anti-dilutive. The ordinary shares held in the EB Trust in respect of the JSOP awards were also excluded because they are treated as held in treasury. 
 (5) Warrants to acquire Series C Non-Voting Ordinary Shares for an exercise price of per share were exercised on a non-cash basis during the year ended December 31, 2021, which resulted in a total of Series C Non-Voting Ordinary Shares being issued in the year. As of December 31, 2021, there were no warrants outstanding following the exercise described. The warrants presented in the table above are a weighted-average of the warrants outstanding for the year. 

41 Refer to Note 5 for a breakdown. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 219 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 21 - Share-Based Compensation 

Performance share units ) Joint share ownership plan expense Other share-based compensation plans Total share-based compensation 
 We recognized negative compensation costs on our performance share units for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of reducing the estimated performance multiplier on certain of our previously granted awards. 
 The associated tax benefit recorded to income tax benefit (expense) in the consolidated statements of earnings was less than million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Employee Share Repurchase Plan 
 
 . These awards are share-settled and are recorded in additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of these awards is measured by multiplying the number of shares subject to the award by the closing price of our ordinary shares on the grant date and expensed over the service period. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested December 31 
 million. This cost is recognizable over the next years, which is the weighted average contractual life. 
 
 performance period. The fair value of these awards is measured by multiplying the number of shares subject to the award by the closing price of our ordinary shares on the grant date and considering any performance related adjustments. The number of shares to vest will be determined by a performance adjustment based on either: 
 i. the change in fully diluted book value per share ("FDBVPS") over ; or 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 220 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 21 - Share-Based Compensation 

) ) N/A N/A 2020 ) ) ) N/A N/A 2020 ) 2021 ) ) ) N/A N/A 2022 ) ) N/A N/A ) ) ) 
 For each type of PSU based on FDBVPS, a change in the FDBVPS Performance Criteria at each of Threshold, Target and Maximum will result in the application of the respective Threshold, Target and Maximum Performance Multiplier and a settlement of awards at that level. In addition, for the 2020 FDBVPS Type II award, a change in the FDBVPS Performance Criteria at "Target +" will result in the application of the "Target +" Performance Multiplier. Straight-line interpolation applies within these ranges, and no settlement occurs if the increase in FDBVPS is less than the Threshold. 
 Performance Share Units based on Average Annual Non-GAAP Operating Income Return on Equity ("Operating ROE") 
 ) ) 2020 ) ) 2021 ) ) 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 Annual Operating ROE is calculated based upon the non-GAAP operating income return on opening shareholder's equity, excluding StarStone for the 2020 and 2019 grant years only. Average Annual Operating ROE is the sum of the three individual year annual operating ROE 's divided by three. An Average Annual Operating ROE of Target to Maximum or more results in a settlement of to a maximum of of the units granted, respectively. An Average Annual Operating ROE of Threshold to Target results in a settlement of to . Straight-line interpolation applies within these ranges and no settlement occurs if the Average Annual Operating ROE is less than the Threshold. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 221 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 21 - Share-Based Compensation 

(1) 
 2019 Average Operating ROE (1) 
 2020 FDBVPS Type I Target Change) 
 2020 Average Operating ROE 2020 FDBVPS Type II Target Change) 
 2021 FDBVPS N/A 2021 Average Operating ROE N/A 2022 FDBVPS N/A N/A 2022 Average Operating ROE N/A N/A 
 (1) Multipliers for the 2019 awards are the final achieved terms. 
 The unrecognized compensation cost related to our unvested PSU share awards as of December 31, 2022 was million. This cost is recognizable over the next years, which is the weighted average contractual life. 
 Roll-forward of Performance Share Units 
 Granted Change in performance multiplier ) Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested December 31 
 
 underlying voting ordinary shares was made to our Chief Executive Officer CEO which cliff-vests upon the vesting date. The value of the award at vesting, if any, is determined based on the price of our voting ordinary shares appreciating above a certain threshold between the date of grant and the vesting date. 
 If the higher of the closing price per share on the vesting date and the -day volume weighted average price per share for the ten consecutive trading days ending on the vesting date (each, the "Market Price") is equal to or greater than the hurdle price, the award will have a value equal to the Market Price, less , multiplied by . If the Market Price is less than the hurdle price on such date, the award will have no value. In addition, of the award is subject to a performance condition based on growth in FDBVPS over a period starting January 1, 2020. 
 The accounting for stock-settled JSOP awards is similar to options, whereby the grant date fair value of million is expensed over the life of the award. per share, we utilized a Monte-Carlo valuation model with the following assumptions: 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 222 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 22 - Income Taxation 

Weighted-average risk-free interest rate Dividend yield 
 On July 1, 2022, the terms of the JSOP award made to our CEO were amended to extend the vesting date of the award from January 20, 2023 to January 20, 2025. The amendment preserved the compound annual growth used to determine the hurdle price that must be achieved in order for the JSOP award to vest, which resulted in an increase to the hurdle price from to . A corresponding extension was made to the term of the performance condition based on growth in FDBVPS from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. All other terms of the award remained the same. 
 The incremental fair value of the amended award on July 1, 2022 was million, or per share, which will be expensed over the remaining life of the award commencing from July 1, 2022. 
 
 Weighted-average risk-free interest rate Dividend yield 
 The total unrecognized compensation cost related to our unvested JSOP share awards as of December 31, 2022 was million. This cost is recognizable over the next years, which is the weighted average contractual life. 

, and , respectively. 
 
 discount to market price, in an amount of share value limited to the lower of or of the employee's base salary. The discount is expensed as compensation cost. The number of shares issued to employees under the ESPP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 223 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 22 - Income Taxation 
 Foreign ) Total (losses) earnings before income taxes and earnings from equity method investments attributable to continuing operations ) 
 Foreign Deferred: Domestic (Bermuda) Foreign ) ) Total income tax (benefit) expense attributable to continuing operations ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 224 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 22 - Income Taxation 

under Bermuda law applied to earnings attributable to continuing operations before income taxes, including earnings from equity method investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 as shown in the following reconciliation: 
 2022 2021 2020 (in millions of U.S. dollars) (Losses) earnings before income taxes ) Bermuda income taxes at statutory rate Foreign income tax rate differential Change in valuation allowance ) Effect of change in foreign income tax rate ) Other ) Effective income tax rate 
 Our effective tax rate is generally driven by the geographical distribution of our earnings before income taxes between our taxable and non-taxable jurisdictions. 
 
 Capital loss carryforwards Insurance reserves Provisions for bad debt Defendant A E liabilities Unrealized losses on investments Lloyd s underwriting result in future periods Other deferred tax assets Deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Unrealized gains on investments ) Lloyd's underwriting result in future periods ) Other deferred tax liabilities: Fair value and other basis differences ) ) Other deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total other deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 225 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 22 - Income Taxation 

United States United Kingdom ) ) Total 
 Net Operating and Capital Loss Carryforwards 
 2023-2042 United States - Net operating loss Indefinitely United Kingdom Indefinitely Luxembourg 2035-2036 Other Indefinitely Capital Loss Carryforwards: United States - Capital Loss 2027 
 The U.S. and U.K. net operating loss carryforwards are also subject to certain utilization limitations and have been considered in management's assessment of valuation allowance. 
 
 million and million, respectively, related to foreign subsidiaries. We recorded a net increase of million in our deferred tax valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily driven by an increase in deferred tax assets related to significant pre-tax unrealized investment losses reported in U.S. and U.K. jurisdictions, which management does not believe meet the more likely than not realization threshold. 
 The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income in future periods in which the tax benefits are deductible or creditable. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted in the future if estimates of future taxable income change. 
 Income taxes are determined and assessed jurisdictionally by legal entity or by filing group. Certain jurisdictions require or allow combined or consolidated tax filings. We have estimated the future taxable income of our foreign subsidiaries and provided a valuation allowance in respect of those assets where we do not expect to realize a benefit. We have considered all available evidence using a more likely than not standard in determining the amount of the valuation allowance. We considered the following evidence: 
 i. net earnings or losses in recent years; 
 ii. the future sustainability and likelihood of positive net earnings of our subsidiaries; 
 iii. the carryforward periods of tax losses including the effect of reversing temporary differences; and 
 iv. tax planning strategies. 
 In making our determination, the assumptions used in determining future taxable income require significant judgment and any changes in these assumptions could have an impact on earnings. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 226 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 23 - Related Party Transactions 

U.S Tax Law Changes 
 In August 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act IRA or Act into law. The Act includes climate and energy provisions, extends the enhanced Affordable Care Act subsidies, increases IRS enforcement funding, and allows Medicare to negotiate prescription drug prices. The IRA introduces a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) for corporations whose average annual adjusted financial statement income for any consecutive three-tax-year period ending after December 31, 2021 and preceding the tax year exceeds 1 billion and a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases made by publicly traded U.S. corporations. CAMT and the stock buyback tax provisions became effective on January 1, 2023 and are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 
 unrecognized tax benefits. There were accruals for the payment of interest and penalties related to income taxes as of each of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Open Tax Years 
 Our operating subsidiaries may be subject to examination by various tax authorities and may have different statutes of limitations expiration dates. Taxing authorities may propose adjustments to our income taxes. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 227 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 23 - Related Party Transactions 

Fixed maturities, trading, at fair value Fixed maturities, AFS, at fair value Equities, at fair value Other investments, at fair value Equity method investments Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses Funds held by reinsured company Other assets Liabilities Losses and LAE Insurance and reinsurance balances payable Other liabilities Net assets (liabilities) ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, we had unfunded commitments of million to other investments and million to privately held equity investments managed by Stone Point and its affiliated entities. 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 228 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 23 - Related Party Transactions 

Fixed maturities, AFS, at fair value Equities, at fair value Other investments, at fair value Equity method investments Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses Funds held by reinsured company Other assets Liabilities Losses and LAE Insurance and reinsurance balances payable Other liabilities Net assets (liabilities) ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 (1) Subsequent to December 31, 2021, AnglePoint HK ceased to be a related party. 

Net investment income Net realized gains Net unrealized losses ) ) ) ) Other income ) ) ) Net incurred losses and LAE ) ) Earnings (losses) from equity method investments ) ) Total net (loss) earnings ) ) ) ) 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 229 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 23 - Related Party Transactions 

) Net investment income (expense) ) ) Net realized gains Net unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Other (expense) income ) ) ) Net incurred losses and LAE ) Acquisition costs ) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) Earnings from equity method investments ) Total net earnings (loss) ) 
 (1) Includes earnings from our direct investment in the InRe Fund, which was managed by AnglePoint Cayman through March 31, 2021, and the impact of a million deduction from amounts due to affiliates of Hillhouse Group from the InRe Fund, which had the effect of increasing our NAV in the InRe Fund on February 21, 2021. Hillhouse Group ceased to be a related party on July 22, 2021. 
 (2) Includes earnings from our direct investment in the InRe Fund, which was managed by AnglePoint HK from April 1, 2021 to October 15, 2021, and another fund managed by AnglePoint HK. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred management and performance fees of million in relation to the InRe Fund, which consisted of a million minimum performance fee and operating expense reimbursements of million. These fees were deducted from the AnglePoint HK funds reported net asset values and recorded as net investment expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings. AnglePoint HK ceased to be a related party subsequent to December 31, 2021. 
 (3) Following completion of the Step Acquisition and related consolidation, Enhanzed Re ceased to be a related party on September 1, 2021. 
 2020 Stone Point Hillhouse (1) 
 Monument AmTrust Citco Enhanzed Re Other (in millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment income (expense) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Other (expense) income ) ) Net incurred losses and LAE Earnings from equity method investments Total net earnings (loss) ) Change in unrealized losses on AFS investments ) 
 (1) Includes earnings from our direct investment in the InRe Fund and other funds, which were then managed by AnglePoint Cayman. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we incurred management and performance fees of million which were deducted from the Hillhouse Funds reported net asset values. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 230 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 23 - Related Party Transactions 

of our voting ordinary shares, which constitutes of our outstanding voting ordinary shares. James D. Carey, a managing director of Stone Point, is a member of our Board. 
 As of December 31, 2022, investment funds managed by Stone Point have a interest in our subsidiary SSHL and a interest in Northshore 43 . Additional information relating to our remaining interest in Northshore is set forth under the heading "Northshore" below. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the RNCI on our balance sheet relating to these co-investment transactions was million and million, respectively. 
 We have made various investments in funds and separate accounts managed by Stone Point or affiliates of Stone Point, and we have also made direct investments in entities affiliated with Stone Point. Where we have made an investment in a fund, the manager of such fund generally charges certain fees to the fund, which are deducted from the net asset value. 
 We also have certain co-investments alongside Stone Point and its affiliates, including our investments in AmTrust and Northshore, which are described below, and Mitchell TopCo Holdings, the parent company of Mitchell International ("Mitchell"), and Genex Services in which we have invested million and account for as a privately held equity investment. Mitchell provides third-party outsourcing managed care services to one of our subsidiaries in the ordinary course of its business. 
 
 interest in Enhanzed Re for a purchase price of million 46 . 
 
 42 Refer to Note 19 for further details. 
 43 Refer to Note 5 for a description of transactions impacting Stone Point's interests in SSHL and Northshore that occurred during 2021 and 2020. 
 44 Refer to Note 19 for transactions involving Hillhouse Group, which included the exercise of warrants in the first quarter of 2021 and our repurchase of our ordinary shares held by funds managed by Hillhouse Group in the third quarter of 2021. 
 45 Refer to Note 14 for further details. 
 46 Refer to Note 4 for further details. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 231 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 23 - Related Party Transactions 

from . We have accounted for our residual equity interest in Northshore as an investment in a privately held equity security at fair value. 
 Concurrent with the closing of the Exchange Transaction: 
 Arden entered into an LPT retrocession agreement with one of our majority owned subsidiaries, through which Arden fully reinsured its run-off portfolio with total liabilities of million to our majority owned subsidiary, in exchange for a retrocession premium consideration of an equal amount. 
 Arden retained the premium under a funds held arrangement, to secure the payment obligations of our majority owned subsidiary. 
 One of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered in a TSA to provide certain transitional services to Northshore. The TSA was terminated in November 2022. 
 SGL No.1 ceased its provision of underwriting capacity on Syndicate 609. We have continued to report SGL No. 1's gross share of the 2020 and prior underwriting years of Syndicate 609 through the year ended December 31, 2022. In 2023, the 2020 underwriting year will complete an RITC into a successor year, at which point the existing contractual arrangements will settle. 
 There is no net retention for Enstar on Atrium's 2020 and prior underwriting years as the business was contractually transferred to the Atrium entities that were divested in the Exchange Transaction. 
 
 of the common shares of Monument Re and of its preferred shares, which is reduced to on a committed capital basis. As of December 31, 2022, a fund managed by Stone Point owns of Monument Re s preferred shares, which increases to on a committed capital basis. 
 In November 2022, we closed a transaction with Monument Re to novate our reinsurance closed block of life annuity policies written by Enhanzed Re 48 . A portion of the net gain on novation will be subject to deferral to account for our existing ownership interest in Monument Re. The final impact of the novation will be reflected in our first quarter 2023 results, as we report the results of Enhanzed Re on a one quarter reporting lag. 
 We have accounted for our investment in the common and preferred shares of Monument Re as an equity method investment. 
 Our losses from Monument Re include an other-than-temporary impairment charge for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 of the equity interest in Evergreen Parent L.P. ("Evergreen") and Trident Pine Acquisition LP ("Trident Pine") owns . Evergreen owns all of the equity interest in AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. AmTrust"). Trident Pine is an entity owned by private equity funds managed by Stone Point. 
 We have accounted for our investment in the shares of AmTrust as an investment in a privately held equity security at fair value. 
 
 of the common shares in HH CTCO Holdings Limited, which in turn owns of the convertible preferred shares, amounting to a interest in the total equity of Citco III Limited ("Citco"). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Trident owned interest in Citco. 
 
 47 Refer to Note 5 for further details on the Exchange Transaction. 
 48 Refer to Note 26 for further information. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 232 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 24 - Dividend Restrictions and Statutory Financial Information 

interest in Enhanzed Re for a purchase price of million, assumed its remaining outstanding capital commitment to Enhanzed Re of million, and increased our equity interests in Enhanzed Re from to 49 . Upon closing, we consolidated Enhanzed Re (previously accounted for as an equity method investment) and as a result, it ceased to be a related party. 

49 Refer to Note 4 for further information regarding the Step Acquisition of Enhanzed Re. 
 50 As described in Note 5. 
 51 Refer to Note 6 for further information regarding our other investments, including summarized financial information of our equity method investees, including those for which the fair value option was elected. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 233 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 24 - Dividend Restrictions and Statutory Financial Information 

per annum 52 . 
 The Bermuda Monetary Authority ("BMA") acts as group supervisor to Enstar. On an annual basis, we are required to file group statutory financial statements, a group statutory financial return, a group capital and solvency return, audited group financial statements and a Group Solvency Self-Assessment ("GSSA") with the BMA. The GSSA is designed to document our perspective on the capital resources necessary to achieve our business strategies and remain solvent, and to provide the BMA with insights on our risk management, governance procedures and documentation related to this process. We are required to maintain available group statutory capital and surplus in an amount that is at least equal to the group enhanced capital requirement ECR ). The BMA has also established a group target capital level equal to of the group ECR. We are in compliance with these requirements. 
 Our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders is dependent upon the ability of our (re)insurance subsidiaries to distribute capital and pay dividends to us. Our (re)insurance subsidiaries are subject to certain regulatory restrictions on the distribution of capital and payment of dividends in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as described below. The restrictions are generally based on net income or levels of capital and surplus as determined in accordance with the relevant statutory accounting practices. Failure of these subsidiaries to meet their applicable regulatory requirements could result in restrictions on any distributions of capital or retained earnings or stricter regulatory oversight of the subsidiaries. 
 Our ability to pay dividends and make other forms of distributions may also be limited by repayment obligations and financial covenants in our outstanding loan facility agreements. 
 
 ) U.K. ) U.S. ) ) Australia ) ) Europe ) ) ) 
 
 52 Refer to Note 19 for details regarding dividends on preferred shares. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 234 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 24 - Dividend Restrictions and Statutory Financial Information 

billion. 
 Certain material aspects of these laws and regulations as they relate to solvency, dividends and capital and surplus are summarized below. 
 
 of the amount of relevant liabilities. The minimum solvency margin, which varies depending on the class of the insurer, is determined as a percentage of either net reserves for losses and LAE or premiums. Our Bermuda subsidiaries with commercial insurance licenses are required to maintain a minimum statutory capital and surplus (Enhanced Capital Requirement or "ECR") at least equal to the greater of a minimum solvency margin or the Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirement ("BSCR"). The BSCR is calculated based on a standardized risk-based capital model as provided by the BMA. 
 Each of our regulated Bermuda subsidiaries would be prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends if it were in breach of its minimum solvency margin or liquidity ratio or if the declaration or payment of such dividends would cause it to fail to meet such margin or ratio. In addition, each of our regulated Bermuda subsidiaries is prohibited, without the prior approval of the BMA, from reducing by or more its total statutory capital, or from reducing by or more its total statutory capital and surplus, as set out in its previous year s statutory financial statements. Our Bermuda (re)insurance companies that are in run-off are required to seek BMA approval for any dividends or distributions. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, each of our Bermuda-based (re)insurance subsidiaries exceeded their respective minimum solvency and liquidity requirements. The Bermuda (re)insurance subsidiaries in aggregate exceeded minimum solvency requirements by billion as of December 31, 2022 (2021: billion) and were in compliance with their liquidity requirements. 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The U.K. Regulator s rules require our U.K. insurance subsidiaries to obtain regulatory approval for any proposed or actual payment of a dividend. The U.K. Regulator uses the SCR, among other tests, when assessing requests to make distributions. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 235 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 24 - Dividend Restrictions and Statutory Financial Information 

million (2021: million). 

53 These transactions are discussed further in Note 5. 
 54 As described in Note 6. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 236 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 25 - Commitments and Contingencies 

million (2021: million). The amount of dividends that this subsidiary is permitted to distribute is restricted to freely distributable reserves, which consist of retained earnings, the current year profit and legal reserves. Any dividend exceeding the current year profit requires the FMA s approval. Solvency and capital requirements for this subsidiary are based on the Solvency II framework and must continue to be met following any distribution. 
 Our Belgian insurance subsidiary files financial statements and returns with the National Bank of Belgium. This subsidiary was in compliance with its solvency and capital requirements under Solvency II. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 237 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 25 - Commitments and Contingencies 

billion (December 31, 2021: billion) in aggregate. 
 million (December 31, 2021: billion). 

billion to other investments and million to privately held equity. 
 
 billion and billion respectively. We also guarantee the 2040 and 2042 Junior Subordinated Notes, which have an aggregate principal amount of million 55 as of December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: million). 

55 As described in Note 17. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 238 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 26 - Subsequent Events 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 239 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 26 - Subsequent Events 

and million. 
 As at September 30, 2022, the carrying value of the life liabilities and related assets was billion and billion, respectively, which we would record as other income of million, if measured as of this date. This amount consists of both the gain or loss on the novation transaction and the reclassification of the component of AOCI to earnings. 
 Our net earnings attributable to Enstar will be reduced by the amount attributable to Allianz s noncontrolling interest in Enhanzed Re at the time of the transaction and a portion of our other income recorded will be subject to deferral over the expected settlement period for the life annuity policies to account for our pre-existing ownership interest in Monument Re, resulting in an expected overall increase in our first quarter 2023 net earnings of million from the novation. 
 Activity for the period from October 1, 2022 to November 7, 2022 will impact the amount of other income and net earnings recorded. 
 On December 28, 2022, Enhanzed Re repurchased the entire ownership interest Allianz held in Enhanzed Re for million. The purchase price will be subject to a post-closing adjustment based on the final net book value of Enhanzed Re as of December 31, 2022. Following the completion of this transaction, Enhanzed Re became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enstar. 
 The final impact of the novation and the share repurchase will be reflected in our first quarter 2023 results, as we report the results of Enhanzed Re on a one quarter reporting lag. 
 QBE LPT 
 On February 16, 2023, certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into an LPT agreement with certain subsidiaries of QBE Insurance Group Limited QBE relating to a diversified portfolio of business, covering International and North America financial lines, European and North American reinsurance portfolios and several US discontinued programs. The transaction is effective as of January 1, 2023. 
 The LPT agreement covers ground up net loss reserves of billion and provides an additional million of cover on business underwritten between 2010 and 2018. Upon completion, a portion of the portfolio currently underwritten via QBE s Lloyd s Syndicates 386 and 2999 will be transferred to Enstar s Syndicate 2008. The closing of the transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions. 
 RACQ 
 On February 21, 2023, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into an agreement with RACQ Insurance Limited RACQ to reinsure of RACQ s motor vehicle Compulsory Third Party CTP insurance liabilities, covering accident years 2021 and prior. 
 The reinsurance agreement is effect as of July 1, 2022. RACQ will cede net reserves of AUD million (USD million), and our subsidiary will provide AUD million (USD million) of additional cover in excess of the ceded reserves. The closing of the transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions. 

Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 240 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | Note 27 - Unaudited Condensed Quarterly Financial Data 

million of our ordinary shares under the 2022 Repurchase Program and extended the authorization effective date of the 2022 Repurchase Program through February 23, 2024. Following this increase, the total remaining capacity under the 2022 Repurchase Program is now million. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 241 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Schedules 

Net investment income Net realized gains (losses) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) ) ) ) ) ) Other (losses) income ) Net gain on sale of subsidiaries Total income ) ) ) ) EXPENSES Net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses Current period Prior period ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Life and annuity policy benefits ) Amortization of net deferred charge assets Acquisition costs General and administrative expenses Interest expense Net foreign exchange losses (gains) ) ) ) ) ) Total expenses ) ) ) ) EARNINGS (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Earnings (losses) from equity method investments ) ) ) ) ) NET EARNINGS (LOSS) ) ) ) ) Net (earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) NET EARNINGS (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ) ) ) ) Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) NET EARNINGS (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS ) ) ) ) Earnings (loss) per ordinary share attributable to Enstar ordinary shareholders: Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted (1) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) During a period of loss, the basic weighted average ordinary shares outstanding is used in the denominator of the diluted loss per ordinary share computation as the effect of including potentially dilutive securities would be anti-dilutive. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 242 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Schedules 

U.K. government Other government Corporate Municipal Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed Structured Products Total Short-term and fixed maturity investments AFS: (2) 
 U.S. government and agency U.K. government Other government Corporate Municipal Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Asset-backed Total Equities (3) 
 Other investments, at fair value (4) 
 Total 
 (1) Original cost of fixed maturity securities is reduced by repayments and adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts. 
 (2) The difference in the amount of fixed maturities shown at fair value and the fixed maturities shown in our consolidated balance sheet relates to the fair value of million as of December 31, 2022 for our investment in fixed maturities issued by affiliates of Stone Point. 
 (3) The difference in the amount of equities shown at fair value and the equities shown in our consolidated balance sheet relates to the fair value of million as of December 31, 2022 for our investment in a registered investment company affiliated with entities owned by Trident, million as a co-investor alongside Stone Point, a million investment in Northshore and a million investment in AmTrust. 
 (4) The difference in the amount of other investments shown at fair value and the other investments shown in our consolidated balance sheet relates to the fair value of billion as of December 31, 2022 for our other investments in funds or companies owned by or affiliated with certain related parties. 
 
 56 Refer to Note 23 in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 243 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Schedules 

; 2021 - 
 Cash and cash equivalents Balances due from subsidiaries Investments in subsidiaries Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Debt obligations Balances due to subsidiaries Other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Ordinary shares (par value each, issued and outstanding 2022: ; 2021: ): 
 Voting Ordinary Shares (issued and outstanding 2022: ; 2021: 
 Non-voting convertible ordinary Series C Shares (issued and outstanding 2022: and 2021: 
 Non-voting convertible ordinary Series E Shares (issued and outstanding 2022: and 2021: 
 Preferred Shares: Series C Preferred Shares (issued and held in treasury 2022 and 2021: 
 Series D Preferred Shares (issued and outstanding 2022 and 2021: ; liquidation preference 
 Series E Preferred Shares (issued and outstanding 2022 and 2021: ; liquidation preference 
 Treasury shares, at cost (Series C Preferred Shares 2022 and 2021: 
 ) ) Joint Share Ownership Plan (voting ordinary shares, held in trust 2022 and 2021: 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Retained earnings Total Enstar Group Limited Shareholders Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 244 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Schedules 

Net unrealized gains EXPENSES General and administrative expenses Interest expense Net foreign exchange losses (gains) ) NET LOSS BEFORE EQUITY IN UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS OF SUBSIDIARIES ) ) ) Equity in undistributed (losses) earnings of subsidiaries - continuing operations ) Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries - discontinued operations NET (LOSS) EARNINGS ) Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) NET (LOSS) EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS ) 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income relating to subsidiaries, net of tax ) ) COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME ) 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 245 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Schedules 

) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Dividends and return of capital from subsidiaries Contributions to subsidiaries ) ) Net cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) Repurchase of shares ) ) ) Repayment of loans ) ) ) Receipt of loans Net cash flows used in financing activities ) ) ) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Investing activities in the Condensed Statements of Cash Flows primarily represents the flow of funds to and from subsidiaries to provide cash on hand to fund business acquisitions and significant new business. 
 Non-Cash investing activities during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, included: 
 i. million, and million, respectively, for dividends and return of capital from subsidiaries. In 2022, these transactions represent an intercompany transfer of equities at book value and an increase in balances due from subsidiaries resulting in a decrease in investments in subsidiaries. In 2020, these transactions were to settle intercompany balances, resulting in a net reduction in balances due to subsidiaries and a decrease in investments in subsidiaries. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, parental guarantees supporting reinsurance obligations, defendant A E liabilities, subsidiary capital support arrangements and credit facilities were billion and billion. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million, respectively, of unsecured letters of credit for FAL which have a parental guarantee. Furthermore, as of December 31, 2022, we also guarantee the Junior Subordinated Notes issued in 2020 and 2022 for an aggregate principal amount of million (December 31, 2021 million). 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, retained earnings were billion and billion, respectively, a decrease of million. This decrease was primarily attributable to the net loss of million. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 246 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Schedules 

) ) Assumed Life ) Investments Legacy Underwriting Corporate Other ) ) Total ) 2021 Run-off (1) 
 ) Assumed Life ) Investments Legacy Underwriting (1) 
 Corporate Other ) ) Total ) 2020 Run-off ) Investments Legacy Underwriting Corporate Other ) Total 
 million, million and million, respectively 57 . 
 
 57 Refer to Note 5 in our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 247 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Schedules 

) Future policyholder benefits Total premiums earned ) 2021 Premiums earned: Property and casualty ) Future policyholder benefits Total premiums earned ) 2020 Premiums earned: Property and casualty ) Total premiums earned ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 248 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8 | Schedules 

) Insurance balances recoverable: Allowance for estimated uncollectible insurance Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets December 31, 2021 Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses: Allowance for estimated uncollectible reinsurance ) Insurance balances recoverable: Allowance for estimated uncollectible insurance Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) December 31, 2020 Reinsurance balances recoverable on paid and unpaid losses: Allowance for estimated uncollectible reinsurance ) Insurance balances recoverable: Allowance for estimated uncollectible insurance Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) 
 (1) The 2020 amount includes million for the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle. 
 (2) Credited to the related asset account. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 249 

Table of Contents 

) ) 2021 ) ) 2020 ) ) 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 250 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that we maintained effective disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 251 

Table of Contents 
 
 Exhibit Index 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 All information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders that will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 See Item 10 herein. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 See Item 10 herein. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 See Item 10 herein. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 See Item 10 herein. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules: see Item 8 in Part II of this report. 
 (b) Exhibits: see accompanying exhibit index that precedes the signature page of this report. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Omitted at Company's option. 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 252 

Table of Contents 
 
 Exhibit Index 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 Description 
 3.1 
 Memorandum of Association of Enstar Group Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-K/A filed on May 2, 2011). 
 3.2 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Bye-Laws of Enstar Group Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2021). 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Designations of Series C Participating Non-Voting Perpetual Preferred Stock of Enstar Group Limited, dated as of June 13, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2016). 3.4 
 Certificate of Designations of Series D Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Shares of Enstar Group Limited, dated as of June 27, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2018). 3.5 
 Certificate of Designations of Series E Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Shares of Enstar Group Limited, dated as of November 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2018). 4.1 
 Senior Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2017, between Enstar Group Limited and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2017). 4.2 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2017, between Enstar Group Limited and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2017). 4.3 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2019, between Enstar Group Limited and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2019). 4.4 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 28, 2019, between Enstar Group Limited and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 28, 2019). 4.5 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2021, between Enstar Group Limited and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2021). 
 4.6 
 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of August 26, 2020, among Enstar Finance LLC, Enstar Group Limited and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2020). 4.7 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 26, 2020, among Enstar Finance LLC, Enstar Group Limited and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2020). 4.8 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 14, 2022, among Enstar Finance LLC, Enstar Group Limited and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2022). 
 4.9 
 Deposit Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2018, between Enstar Group Limited and American Stock Transfer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2018). 4.10 
 Deposit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2018, between Enstar Group Limited and American Stock Transfer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2018). 4.11 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020). 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 253 

Table of Contents 
 
 Exhibit Index 

10.1 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2007, by and among Castlewood Holdings Limited, Trident II, L.P., Marsh McLennan Capital Professionals Fund, L.P., Marsh McLennan Employees Securities Company, L.P., Dominic F. Silvester, J. Christopher Flowers, and other parties thereto set forth on the Schedule of Shareholders attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K12B filed on January 31, 2007). 
 10.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2011, by and among Enstar Group Limited, GSCP VI AIV Navi, Ltd., GSCP VI Offshore Navi, Ltd., GSCP VI Parallel AIV Navi, Ltd., GSCP VI Employee Navi, Ltd., and GSCP VI GmbH Navi, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 21, 2011). 
 10.3 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 1, 2014, among Enstar Group Limited, FR XI Offshore AIV, L.P., First Reserve Fund XII, L.P., FR XII A Parallel Vehicle L.P., FR Torus Co-Investment, L.P. and Corsair Specialty Investors, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2014). 
 10.4 
 Form of Waiver Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company's Form S-3 filed on October 10, 2017). 10.5 
 Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated June 3, 2015, between Enstar Group Limited and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2015. 
 10.6 + 
 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form S-3 (No. 333-151461) initially filed on June 5, 2008). 
 10. 7 + 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, between Enstar Group Limited and Dominic F. Silvester (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2022). 10.8 + 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2020, by and between Enstar Group Limited and Paul J. O Shea (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2020). 10.9 + 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 6, 2022, between Enstar Group Limited and Paul O Shea (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2022). 10. 10 + 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 21, 2020, by and between Enstar Group Limited and Orla M. Gregory (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2020). 10.1 1 + 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 16, 2021, by and between Enstar Group Limited and Orla M. Gregory (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2021). 
 10.1 2 + 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, between Enstar Group Limited and Orla Gregory (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2022). 10.1 3 + 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 8, 2018, by and between Enstar Group Limited and Paul M.J. Brockman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2019). 10.1 4 + 
 Employment Agreement, dated September 9, 2016, by and between Enstar Group Limited and Nazar Alobaidat (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020). 10.1 5 + 
 Enstar Group Limited Deferred Compensation and Ordinary Share Plan for Non-Employee Directors, effective as of June 5, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2007). 
 10.1 6 + 
 Amended and Restated Enstar Group Limited Deferred Compensation and Ordinary Share Plan for Non-Employee Directors, effective as of January 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2015). 
 10.1 7 + 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2015). 
 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 254 

Table of Contents 
 
 Exhibit Index 

10. 18 + 
 Castlewood Holdings Limited 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the proxy statement/prospectus that forms a part of the Company s Form S-4 declared effective December 15, 2006). 
 10. 19 + 
 First Amendment to Castlewood Holdings Limited 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 6, 2007). 
 10.2 0 + 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement pursuant to the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 11, 2014). 
 10.2 1 + 
 Enstar Group Limited Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2022). 10.2 2 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Enstar Group Limited 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2016). 
 10.2 3 + 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (3-Year Cycle) (2020) under the Enstar Group Limited 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2020). 10.2 4 + 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (Annual Cycle) (2020) under the Enstar Group Limited 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020). 
 10.2 5 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2020) under the Enstar Group Limited 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020). 
 10.2 6 + 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (2021) under the Enstar Group Limited 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2021). 
 10.2 7 + 
 Joint Share Ownership Agreement, dated January 21, 2020, by and among Enstar Group Limited, Dominic F. Silvester and Zedra Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2020). 10. 28 + 
 Deed of Amendment and Restatement to the Joint Ownership Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, between Enstar Group Limited, Dominic F. Silvester and Zedra Trust Company (Guernsey) Limited, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2022). 10. 29 + 
 Enstar Group Limited Amended and Restated Employee Share Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2016). 
 10.3 0 + 
 Enstar Group Limited 2022-2024 Annual Incentive Compensation Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2021). 10.3 1 s 
 Recapitalization Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2020, by and among North Bay Holdings Limited, Enstar Group Limited, Kenmare Holdings Ltd., Trident V, L.P., Trident V Parallel Fund, L.P., Trident V Professionals Fund, L.P., Dowling Capital Partners I, L.P., Capital City Partners LLC, and StarStone Specialty Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2020). 
 10.3 2 
 Voting and Shareholders' Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2021, among StarStone Specialty Holdings Limited, Kenmare Holdings Ltd., Trident V, L.P., Trident V Parallel Fund, L.P., Trident V Professionals Fund, L.P., Dowling Capital Partners I, L.P., and Capital City Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2021). 
 10.3 3 
 Third Amended and Restated Shareholders' Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2021, among Northshore Holdings Limited, Trident V, L.P., Trident V Parallel Fund, L.P., Trident V Professionals Fund, L.P., Kenmare Holdings Ltd., Dowling Capital Partners I, L.P., Capital City Partners LLC, Atrium Nominees Limited, and the other Persons who from time to time become a party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on January 1, 2021). 
 10.3 4 
 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2018, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited, Barclays Bank PLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2018). 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 255 

Table of Contents 
 
 Exhibit Index 

10.3 5 
 First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2018, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited, Barclays Bank PLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2019). 10.3 6 
 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 25, 2020, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited, Barclays Bank PLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2021). 10.3 7 s 
 Third Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited, Barclays Bank PLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2021). 
 10.3 8 
 Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2021, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited, Barclays Bank PLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2022). 10.39 
 Letter of Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2019, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited, London Branch, The Bank of Nova Scotia and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 7, 2019). 10.40 
 First Amendment to Letter of Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2019, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited, London Branch, The Bank of Nova Scotia and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2019). 10.41 
 Second Amendment to Letter of Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2020, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited, London Branch, The Bank of Nova Scotia and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2020). 10.42 
 Third Amendment to Letter of Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of November 25, 2020, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited, London Branch, The Bank of Nova Scotia and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2021). 10.43 
 Fourth Amendment to Letter of Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited, London Branch, The Bank of Nova Scotia and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2021). 10.44 
 Fifth Amendment to Letter of Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2021, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries, National Australia Bank Limited, London Branch, The Bank of Nova Scotia and each of the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2021). 10.45 s 
 Termination and Release Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2021, by and among Enstar Group Limited and certain of its subsidiaries and Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. and certain of its affiliates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Company's Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2021). 10.46 
 Purchase Agreement dated as of July 15, 2021 by and among Enstar Group Limited, HHLR Fund, L.P., YHG Investment, L.P. and Hillhouse Fund III, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2021). 10.47 
 Purchase Agreement dated as of July 15, 2021 by and among Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited and HH ENZ Holdings, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2021). 10.4 8 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2022, by and between Trident Public Equity LP and Enstar Group Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2022). 16.1 
 Letter of KPMG, dated March 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2022). 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 256 

Table of Contents 

18.1 
 Preferability Letter. 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 22.1 
 List of Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. 23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 23. 2 
 Consent of KPMG Audit Limited. 
 23.3 
 Consent of Ernst Young Australia. 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99 .1 
 Financial Statements of InRe Fund, L.P. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 101 
 Inline XBRL Document Set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 104 
 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, formatted as Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 filed herewith 
 furnished herewith 
 + denotes management contract or compensatory arrangement 
 s certain of the schedules and similar attachments are not filed but Enstar Group Limited undertakes to furnish a copy of the schedules or similar attachments to the SEC upon request 
 Enstar Group Limited | 2022 Form 10-K 257 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 1, 2023. 
 ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED By: /S/ DOMINIC F. SILVESTER Dominic F. Silvester Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 1, 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ ROBERT J. CAMPBELL 
 Robert J. Campbell 
 Chairman and Director /s/ DOMINIC F. SILVESTER 
 Dominic F. Silvester 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director /s/ ORLA GREGORY Orla Gregory 
 Chief Financial Officer (signing in her capacity as Principal Financial Officer) and Director /s/ MICHAEL P. MURPHY Michael P. Murphy 
 Deputy Chief Financial Officer (signing in his capacity as Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ PAUL J. O SHEA 
 Paul J. O Shea 
 President and Director /s/ B. FREDERICK BECKER 
 B. Frederick Becker 
 Director /s/ SHARON A. BEESLEY 
 Sharon A. Beesley 
 Director /s/ JAMES D. CAREY 
 James D. Carey 
 Director /s/ SUSAN L. CROSS 
 Susan L. Cross 
 Director /s/ HANS-PETER GERHARDT 
 Hans-Peter Gerhardt 
 Director /s/ MYRON HENDRY Myron Hendry 
 Director /s/ HITESH PATEL 
 Hitesh Patel 
 Director /s/ POUL A. WINSLOW 
 Poul A. Winslow 
 Director 

<EX-18.1>
 2
 a2022q4-exx181preferabilit.htm
 EX-18.1

Document 

Exhibit 18.1 

March 1, 2023 
 
 Board of Directors 
 Enstar Group Limited 
 Windsor Place 
 22 Queen Street 
 Hamilton HM JX, Bermuda 
 
 Dear Directors 
 We are providing this letter to you for inclusion as an exhibit to Enstar Group Limited s (the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements included in the Form 10-K and issued our report thereon dated March 1, 2023. Notes 2(b) and 9 to the consolidated financial statements describe a change in accounting principle to exclude insurance loss development from determining the amortization of deferred charge assets and deferred gain liabilities that arise from retroactive reinsurance contracts. It should be understood that the preferability of one acceptable method of accounting over another for the amortization methods of deferred charge assets or deferred gain liabilities associated with retroactive reinsurance contracts has not been addressed in any authoritative accounting literature, and in expressing our concurrence below we have relied on management s determination that this change in accounting principle is preferable. Based on our reading of management s stated reasons and justification for this change in accounting principle in the Form 10-K, and our discussions with management as to their judgment about the relevant business planning factors relating to the change, we concur with management that such change represents, in the Company s circumstances, a change to a preferable accounting principle in conformity with Accounting Standards Codification 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York 

</EX-18.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a2022q4-exx211listingofsub.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 ENSTAR GROUP LIMITED 
 LISTING OF SUBSIDIARIES (1) 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation AG Australia Holdings Limited Australia Alpha Insurance NV Belgium B.H. Acquisition Limited Bermuda Brake Systems, Inc. Delaware BWDAC, Inc. Delaware Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited Bermuda Clarendon National Insurance Company Texas Cranmore (UK) Limited United Kingdom Cranmore (US) Inc. Delaware Cranmore Asia Pacific Pty Limited Australia Cranmore Europe BVBA Belgium Cranmore Insurance & Reinsurance Services Europe Limited Ireland DCo LLC Virginia East Point Reinsurance Company of Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Echlin Argentina S.A. Argentina EFMG LLC Virginia Enhanzed Reinsurance Ltd. Bermuda Enstar (EU) Holdings Limited United Kingdom Enstar (EU) Limited United Kingdom Enstar (US Asia-Pac) Holdings Limited United Kingdom Enstar (US) Inc. Delaware Enstar Acquisitions Limited United Kingdom Enstar Asia Pacific Pty Ltd Australia Enstar Asset Management Limited Bermuda Enstar Australia Holdings Pty Limited Australia Enstar Australia Limited Australia Enstar Finance LLC Delaware Enstar GP Limited Cayman Islands Enstar Holdco Limited Bermuda Enstar Holdings (US) LLC Delaware Enstar Insurance Management Services Ireland Limited Ireland Enstar Limited Bermuda Enstar Malta Limited Malta Enstar Managing Agency Limited United Kingdom Enstar Solutions II LLC Delaware Enstar Solutions LLC Delaware Enstar USA, Inc. Georgia EPE, Inc. California Fitzwilliam Insurance Limited Bermuda Fletcher Reinsurance Company Missouri Friction Inc. Delaware 

Friction Materials, Inc. Massachusetts Gordian Runoff Limited Australia Goshawk Insurance Holdings Limited United Kingdom Harper Holding, S. r.l. Luxembourg Hong Kong Reinsurance Company Limited Hong Kong InRe Fund, L.P. Cayman Islands Kenmare Holdings Ltd. Bermuda Kinsale Brokers Limited United Kingdom Lipe Rollway Mexicana S.A. de C.V. Mexico Mercantile Indemnity Company Limited United Kingdom Midland Brake, Inc. Delaware Morse TEC LLC Delaware Regis Agencies Limited United Kingdom River Thames Insurance Company Limited United Kingdom Rombalds Run-Off Limited United Kingdom SGL No.1 Limited United Kingdom Shelbourne Group Limited United Kingdom StarStone Corporate Capital 1 Limited United Kingdom StarStone Corporate Capital Limited Ireland StarStone Finance Limited United Kingdom StarStone Insurance Bermuda Limited Bermuda StarStone Insurance SE Liechtenstein StarStone Insurance Services Limited United Kingdom StarStone Specialty Holdings Limited Bermuda StarStone Underwriting Services B.V. Netherlands Torus Business Solutions Private Ltd. India United Brake Systems Inc. Delaware Yosemite Insurance Company Oklahoma 
 Notes 
 (1) The subsidiary listing excludes noncontrolled entities and branches of subsidiaries. Subsidiaries marked with an asterisk are not wholly held, directly or indirectly, by Enstar Group Limited. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 4
 a2022q4-exx221subsidiarygu.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 
 
 Enstar Group Limited 
 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 350 million of 5.750 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Notes due 2040 Issuer Guarantor Enstar Finance LLC x Enstar Group Limited x 
 
 500 million of 5.500 Fixed-Rate Reset Junior Subordinated Notes due 2042 Issuer Guarantor Enstar Finance LLC x Enstar Group Limited x 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 a2022q4-exx231auditorconse.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-149551, No. 333-148863, No. 333-148862, No. 333-141793, No. 333-212131, No. 333-237259 and No. 333-265567) and on Form S-3 (No. 333-195562, No. 333-198718, No. 333-215144, No. 333-220885, No. 333-220889 and No. 333-247995) of Enstar Group Limited of our report dated March 1, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 a2022q4-exx232auditorconse.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements No. 333-149551, 333-148863, 333-148862, 333-141793, 333-212131, 333-237259 and 333-265567 on Form S-8 and registration statements No. 333-195562, 333-198718, 333-215144, 333-220885, 333-220889 and 333-247995 on Form S-3 of Enstar Group Limited of our report dated February 24, 2022, except for Notes 2(b) and 9, as to which the date is March 1, 2023 with respect to the consolidated balance sheet of Enstar Group Limited as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes and financial statement schedules, which report appears in the December 31, 2022 annual report on Form 10-K of Enstar Group Limited. 
 s KPMG Audit Limited KPMG Audit Limited Hamilton, Bermuda 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 7
 a2022q4-exx233consentofern.htm
 EX-23.3

Document 

Exhibit 23.3 
 
 Consent of Independent Auditors 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-247995 and 333-220889) of Enstar Group Limited, 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-212131) pertaining to the Enstar Group Limited 2016 Equity Incentive Plan of Enstar Group Limited, 
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-237259) pertaining to the Enstar Group Limited Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan of Enstar Group Limited, and 
 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-265567) pertaining to the Enstar Group Limited Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan of Enstar Group Limited 
 
 of our report dated June 3, 2021 with respect to the financial statements of InRe Fund, L.P., included in the annual report on Form 10-K of Enstar Group Limited. 
 
 s Ernst & Young Sydney, Australia 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 a2022q4-exx311ceocertifica.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Dominic F. Silvester, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enstar Group Limited 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 1, 2023 
 
 S DOMINIC F. SILVESTER Dominic F. Silvester Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 a2022q4-exx312cfocertifica.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Orla Gregory, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enstar Group Limited 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 1, 2023 
 
 S ORLA GREGORY Orla Gregory Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 a2022q4-exx321ceocertifica.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Enstar Group Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dominic F. Silvester, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 1, 2023 
 
 S DOMINIC F. SILVESTER Dominic F. Silvester Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 a2022q4-exx322cfocertifica.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Enstar Group Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Orla Gregory, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 1, 2023 
 
 S ORLA GREGORY Orla Gregory Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 12
 a2022q4-ex991financialst.htm
 EX-99.1

a2022q4-ex991financialst 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2020 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Contents 1 Report of Independent Auditors 2 Statement of Assets and Liabilities 4 Condensed Schedule of Investments 5 Statement of Operations 17 Statement of Changes in Partners Capital 18 Statement of Cash Flows 19 Notes to the Financial Statements 21 

Ernst Young 200 George Street Sydney NSW 2000 Australia GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001 Tel: +61 2 9248 5555 Fax: +61 2 9248 5959 ey.com/au Report of Independent Auditors The General Partner InRe Fund, L.P. We have audited the accompanying financial statements of InRe Fund, L.P. (the Partnership ), which comprise the statement of assets and liabilities, including the condensed schedule of investments as of December 31, 2020, and the related statements of operations, changes in partners capital, and cash flows for the year then ended and the related notes to the financial statements. Management's Responsibility for the Financial Statements Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. Auditor's Responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the Partnership's preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership's internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by the management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

Opinion In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of InRe Fund, L.P. as at December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations, changes in partners capital and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Ernst Young Sydney 3 June 2021 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Statement of Assets and Liabilities As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 4 Notes ASSETS Securities owned, at fair value (cost: 3,176,542,109) 11 4,238,020,253 Options owned, at fair value (cost: 496,168,844) 11, 12 1,424,971,830 Credit default swaps (cost: 13,765,087) 11, 12 3,729,668 Unrealized gain on contracts for differences 11, 12 274,666,415 Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps 11, 12 1,102,830 Unrealized gain on bond swaps 11, 12 9,210,127 Unrealized gain on futures contracts 11, 12 7,514,327 Cash and cash equivalents 5 121,183,514 Due from brokers 7 917,567,158 Receivable from investments sold 309,434,487 Interest and dividends receivable 6,302,261 Other assets and prepaid expenses 8,202 Total assets 7,313,711,072 LIABILITIES Securities sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value (proceeds: 1,581,314,681) 11 1,646,858,937 Options sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value (cost: 407,301,802) 11, 12 992,756,796 Credit default swaps (upfront fees paid: 4,431,030) 11, 12 27,477,728 Unrealized loss on contracts for differences 11, 12 167,895,074 Unrealized loss on bond swaps 11, 12 1,927,483 Unrealized loss on forward contracts 11, 12 4,303,874 Due to brokers 7 1,455,344,210 Payable for investments purchased 6,897,269 Interest payable on bank, broker and other balances 2,847,317 Dividends payable on securities sold, but not purchased 1,195,937 Administration fees payable 3 103,066 Professional fees payable 32,000 Other payables and accrued expenses 88,609 Total liabilities 4,307,728,300 PARTNERS CAPITAL 3,005,982,772 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 5 Percentage of Number of Fair Value Partners Security Name/Industry Shares Capital SECURITIES OWNED, AT FAIR VALUE Equities listed Argentina Consumer discretionary 35,849,708 1.19 Total Argentina (cost: 7,789,996) 35,849,708 1.19 Brazil Financials 80,595,476 2.68 Total Brazil (cost: 63,357,283) 80,595,476 2.68 Canada Information technology Shopify Inc. 173,232 196,089,962 6.52 Total Canada (cost: 173,050,419) 196,089,962 6.52 China Communication services Bilibili Inc. 3,496,241 299,697,779 9.97 Others 215,957,033 7.18 Consumer discretionary TAL Education Group 2,205,926 157,745,768 5.25 Others 424,728,456 14.14 Consumer staples 192,492,136 6.40 Energy 18,443,166 0.61 Financials Futu Holdings Limited 4,716,775 215,792,456 7.18 Others 28,632,608 0.95 Healthcare 7,222,791 0.24 Industrials 97,870,153 3.26 Information technology 125,087,096 4.16 Total China (cost: 1,181,747,490) 1,783,669,442 59.34 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 6 Percentage of Number of Fair Value Partners Security Name/Industry Shares Capital SECURITIES OWNED, AT FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED) Equities listed (continued) France Consumer discretionary 26,976,824 0.90 Total France (cost: 20,949,966) 26,976,824 0.90 Hong Kong Consumer staples 20,276,833 0.67 Total Hong Kong (cost: 20,252,363) 20,276,833 0.67 Netherlands Consumer discretionary 3,729,257 0.12 Total Netherlands (cost: 2,457,801) 3,729,257 0.12 South Africa Consumer discretionary 7,099,228 0.24 Total South Africa (cost: 5,095,247) 7,099,228 0.24 Taiwan Information technology 28,633,904 0.95 Total Taiwan (cost: 25,371,257) 28,633,904 0.95 United States of America Communication services 97,550,353 3.25 Consumer discretionary 163,001,034 5.42 Financials 275,350,189 9.16 Industrials 132,582,762 4.41 Information technology 621,397,987 20.67 Total United States of America (cost: 1,086,012,383) 1,289,882,325 42.91 Total equities listed (cost: 2,586,084,205) 3,472,802,959 115.52 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 7 Percentage of Number of Fair Value Partners Security Name/Industry Shares Capital SECURITIES OWNED, AT FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED) Equities unlisted Korea Consumer discretionary 48,137,283 1.60 Total Korea (cost: 29,999,868) 48,137,283 1.60 Total equities unlisted (cost: 29,999,868) 48,137,283 1.60 Warrants/Rights China Consumer staples 127,379,339 4.24 Total China (cost: 95,112,141) 127,379,339 4.24 United States of America Industrials 2,433,331 0.08 Total United States of America (cost: 419,800) 2,433,331 0.08 Total warrants/rights (cost: 95,531,941) 129,812,670 4.32 Maturity dates for open warrants range from February 25, 2021 through to June 12, 2023. Government bonds China SDBC 2005 3.0700 2030-03-10 1,237,500,000 182,112,967 6.06 Others 11,050,610 0.37 Total China (cost: 182,850,248) 193,163,577 6.43 United States of America US Treasuries 1,036,995 0.03 Total United States of America (cost: 958,846) 1,036,995 0.03 Total government bonds (cost: 183,809,094) 194,200,572 6.46 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 8 Percentage of Fair Value Partners Industry Capital SECURITIES OWNED, AT FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED) Convertible bonds China Communication services 180,820,345 6.02 Consumer discretionary 75,821,143 2.52 Total China (cost: 176,223,962) 256,641,488 8.54 Singapore Communication services 21,999,614 0.73 Total Singapore (cost: 5,658,316) 21,999,614 0.73 United States of America Consumer discretionary 20,946,060 0.70 Information technology 26,465,455 0.88 Total United States of America (cost: 35,223,940) 47,411,515 1.58 Total convertible bonds (cost: 217,106,218) 326,052,617 10.85 Corporate bonds Canada Industrials 1,854,225 0.06 Total Canada (cost: 2,045,175) 1,854,225 0.06 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 9 Percentage of Fair Value Partners Industry Capital SECURITIES OWNED, AT FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED) Corporate bonds (continued) China Communication services 8,547,675 0.28 Consumer discretionary 783,210 0.02 Energy 2,080,000 0.07 Financials 3,137,232 0.10 Materials 2,048,956 0.07 Real estate 106,608 0.00 Total China (cost: 15,909,320) 16,703,681 0.54 Hong Kong Consumer discretionary 3,635,491 0.12 Total Hong Kong (cost: 3,420,945) 3,635,491 0.12 Macau Consumer discretionary 6,511,555 0.22 Total Macau (cost: 6,347,125) 6,511,555 0.22 Netherlands Information technology 2,503,527 0.08 Total Netherlands (cost: 2,300,000) 2,503,527 0.08 United States of America Consumer discretionary 1,540,000 0.05 Financials 301,788 0.01 Industrials 8,593,183 0.29 Real estate 2,427,368 0.08 Total United States of America (cost: 12,083,293) 12,862,339 0.43 Total corporate bonds (cost: 42,105,858) 44,070,818 1.45 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 10 Percentage of Fair Value Partners Industry Capital SECURITIES OWNED, AT FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED) Loans Canada Consumer discretionary 516,716 0.02 Total Canada (cost: 504,993) 516,716 0.02 United States of America Financials 3,177,402 0.11 Industrials 98,193 0.00 Information technology 19,151,023 0.64 Total United States of America (cost: 21,399,932) 22,426,618 0.75 Total loans (cost: 21,904,925) 22,943,334 0.77 TOTAL SECURITIES OWNED, AT FAIR VALUE (COST: 3,176,542,109) 4,238,020,253 140.97 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 11 Percentage of Fair Value Partners Capital DERIVATIVES OPTIONS OWNED, AT FAIR VALUE Brazil Options 4,477,349 0.15 Total Brazil (cost: 1,652,010) 4,477,349 0.15 Canada Options 45,062,830 1.50 Total Canada (cost: 46,721,120) 45,062,830 1.50 China Options 197,030,198 6.55 Total China (cost: 62,425,413) 197,030,198 6.55 Europe Options 62,795 0.00 Total Europe (cost: 1,044,894) 62,795 0.00 Taiwan Options 1,596 0.00 Total Taiwan (cost: 1,575,000) 1,596 0.00 United States of America Options 1,178,337,062 39.20 Total United States of America (cost: 382,750,407) 1,178,337,062 39.20 TOTAL OPTIONS OWNED, AT FAIR VALUE (COST: 496,168,844) 1,424,971,830 47.40 CREDIT DEFAULT SWAPS Credit default swaps Credit default swaps 3,729,668 0.12 TOTAL CREDIT DEFAULT SWAPS (COST: 13,765,087) 3,729,668 0.12 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 12 Percentage of Appreciation Partners Capital DERIVATIVES (CONTINUED) UNREALIZED GAIN ON CONTRACTS FOR DIFFERENCES Contracts for differences 274,666,415 9.14 TOTAL UNREALIZED GAIN ON CONTRACTS FOR DIFFERENCES 274,666,415 9.14 UNREALIZED GAIN ON INTEREST RATE SWAPS Interest rate swaps 1,102,830 0.04 TOTAL UNREALIZED GAIN ON INTEREST RATE SWAPS 1,102,830 0.04 UNREALIZED GAIN ON BOND SWAPS Bond swaps 9,210,127 0.31 TOTAL UNREALIZED GAIN ON BOND SWAPS 9,210,127 0.31 UNREALIZED GAIN ON FUTURES CONTRACTS Futures contracts 7,514,327 0.25 TOTAL UNREALIZED GAIN ON FUTURES CONTRACTS 7,514,327 0.25 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 13 Percentage of Number of Fair Value Partners Security Name/Industry Shares Capital SECURITIES SOLD, BUT NOT YET PURCHASED, AT FAIR VALUE Equities listed China Consumer staples (6,110,436) (0.20) Total China (proceeds: 6,014,219) (6,110,436) (0.20) United States of America Consumer discretionary (84,686,751) (2.82) Financials iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF 6,426,041 (332,033,538) (11.05) SPDR S P 500 ETF Trust 944,022 (352,950,945) (11.74) Others (120,709,711) (4.02) Information technology (1,614,918) (0.05) Total United States of America (proceeds: 812,498,837) (891,995,863) (29.68) Total equities listed (proceeds: 818,513,056) (898,106,299) (29.88) Government bonds United States of America T 0.6250 2030-08-15 276,800,000 (269,815,125) (8.98) T 0.8750 2030-11-15 254,539,100 (253,564,693) (8.44) Others (186,836,074) (6.22) Total United States of America (proceeds: 726,024,642) (710,215,892) (23.64) Total government bonds (proceeds: 726,024,642) (710,215,892) (23.64) Corporate bonds Canada Industrials (1,873,722) (0.06) Total Canada (proceeds: 2,022,563) (1,873,722) (0.06) 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 14 Percentage of Fair Value Partners Industry Capital SECURITIES SOLD, BUT NOT YET PURCHASED, AT FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED) Corporate bonds (continued) China Communication services (8,463,795) (0.28) Total China (proceeds: 7,947,525) (8,463,795) (0.28) United States of America Communication services (8,175,035) (0.27) Consumer discretionary (647,714) (0.02) Consumer staples (8,403,975) (0.28) Industrials (5,791,985) (0.19) Information technology (328,190) (0.01) Materials (4,852,330) (0.16) Total United States of America (proceeds: 26,806,895) (28,199,229) (0.93) Total corporate bonds (proceeds: 36,776,983) (38,536,746) (1.27) TOTAL SECURITIES SOLD, BUT NOT YET PURCHASED, AT FAIR VALUE (PROCEEDS: 1,581,314,681) (1,646,858,937) (54.79) 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 15 Percentage of Fair Value Partners Capital DERIVATIVES OPTIONS SOLD, BUT NOT YET PURCHASED, AT FAIR VALUE Brazil Options (1,616,153) (0.05) Total Brazil (proceeds: 1,652,010) (1,616,153) (0.05) Canada Options (28,170,488) (0.94) Total Canada (proceeds: 46,937,161) (28,170,488) (0.94) China Options (149,907,695) (4.99) Total China (proceeds: 79,238,073) (149,907,695) (4.99) United States of America Options (813,062,460) (27.05) Total United States of America (proceeds: 279,474,558) (813,062,460) (27.05) TOTAL OPTIONS SOLD, BUT NOT YET PURCHASED, AT FAIR VALUE (PROCEEDS: 407,301,802) (992,756,796) (33.03) CREDIT DEFAULT SWAPS Credit default swaps Credit default swaps (27,477,728) (0.91) TOTAL CREDIT DEFAULT SWAPS (UPFRONT FEES PAID: 4,431,030) (27,477,728) (0.91) 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed Schedule of Investments (continued) As at December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 16 Percentage of Depreciation Partners Capital DERIVATIVES (CONTINUED) UNREALIZED LOSS ON CONTRACTS FOR DIFFERENCES Contracts for differences (167,895,074) (5.59) TOTAL UNREALIZED LOSS ON CONTRACTS FOR DIFFERENCES (167,895,074) (5.59) UNREALIZED LOSS ON BOND SWAPS Bond swaps (1,927,483) (0.06) TOTAL UNREALIZED LOSS ON BOND SWAPS (1,927,483) (0.06) UNREALIZED LOSS ON FORWARD CONTRACTS Forward contracts (4,303,874) (0.14) TOTAL UNREALIZED LOSS ON FORWARD CONTRACTS (4,303,874) (0.14) 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Statement of Operations For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 17 Notes INVESTMENT INCOME Interest income 10,661,490 Dividend income (net of withholding tax of 1,302,553) 8,057,035 Total investment income 18,718,525 EXPENSES Interest expense 12,144,827 Management fee 6 8,151,215 Dividends on short sales 7,156,194 Bank and broker expenses 2,085,962 Administration fee 3 908,724 Professional fees 348,552 General and other expenses 407,453 Total expenses 31,202,927 NET INVESTMENT LOSS (12,484,402) NET REALIZED GAIN AND NET CHANGE IN UNREALIZED APPRECIATION ON SECURITIES, DERIVATIVES AND FOREIGN CURRENCIES Net realized gain on securities, derivatives and foreign currencies 528,798,996 Net change in unrealized appreciation on securities, derivatives and foreign currencies 1,201,463,417 Net realized gain and net change in unrealized appreciation on securities, derivatives and foreign currencies 1,730,262,413 NET CHANGE IN PARTNERS CAPITAL RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 1,717,778,011 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Statement of Changes in Partners Capital For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 18 Limited Special Limited Total Notes Partner Partner Partner PARTNERS CAPITAL AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 914,132,870 914,132,870 Capital contributions 300,000,000 74,071,891 374,071,891 Net change in partners capital resulting from capital transactions 300,000,000 74,071,891 374,071,891 Allocation of income/(loss): Net investment loss (12,203,333) (281,069) (12,484,402) Net realized gain on securities, derivatives and foreign currencies 494,013,083 34,785,913 528,798,996 Net change in unrealized appreciation on securities, derivatives and foreign currencies 1,123,529,222 77,934,195 1,201,463,417 Net change in partners capital resulting from operations 1,605,338,972 112,439,039 1,717,778,011 Performance allocation: Crystallized 6 (454,314,245) 454,314,245 NET CHANGE IN PARTNERS CAPITAL 1,451,024,727 640,825,175 2,091,849,902 PARTNERS CAPITAL AT THE END OF THE YEAR 2,365,157,597 640,825,175 3,005,982,772 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Statement of Cash Flows For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 19 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net change in partners capital resulting from operations 1,717,778,011 Adjustments to reconcile net change in partners capital resulting from operations to net cash and restricted cash provided by operating activities: Payments to purchase of investments owned (4,343,712,624) Proceeds from sale of investments owned 1,953,511,622 Payments to cover investments sold short (2,322,241,039) Proceeds from investments sold short 3,877,531,453 Net realized gain on securities and derivatives (78,700,488) Net change in unrealized appreciation on securities and derivatives (1,201,067,975) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in due from brokers, excluding restricted cash (1) (122,114,352) Increase in receivable from investments sold (303,658,900) Increase in interest and dividends receivable (3,986,092) Decrease in other assets and prepaid expenses 10,596 Increase in due to brokers 1,335,803,646 Decrease in payable for investments purchased (13,403,543) Increase in interest payable on bank, broker and other balances 329,803 Increase in dividends payable on securities sold, but not purchased 836,610 Increase in administration fees payable 48,414 Decrease in other payables and accrued expenses (250,731) Net cash and restricted cash provided by operating activities (1) 496,714,411 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Capital contributions 300,000,000 Capital withdrawals (4,500,000) Net cash provided by financing activities 295,500,000 Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (1) 792,214,411 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the year 104,018,113 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the year (1) 896,232,524 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Statement of Cash Flows (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) The accompanying notes to the financial statements should be read in conjunction with this statement. 20 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the Statement of Assets and Liabilities that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the Statement of Cash Flows. December 31, 2020 Cash and cash equivalents 121,183,514 Restricted cash included in Due from brokers (1) 775,049,010 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (1) 896,232,524 (1) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as at December 31, 2020 includes margin posted as collateral of 775,049,010 which is considered to be restricted cash. This is included in Due from brokers on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at December 31, 2020. Movement of such restricted cash is excluded from the increase in due from brokers balance in the changes in operating assets and liabilities section of the Statement of Cash Flows. See Note 7 for additional disclosure regarding current year restricted cash as included within due from brokers on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash flows from operating activities include: Cash received during the year for interest 7,033,302 Cash paid during the year for interest (12,039,653) Cash received during the year for dividends 7,769,453 Cash paid during the year for dividends (6,319,584) 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 21 1 ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITY InRe Fund, L.P. (the Partnership was formed on December 8, 2016 in the Cayman Islands and was registered as an exempted limited partnership under the acts of the Cayman Islands on December 8, 2016. The Partnership changed its name from Hillhouse InRe Fund, L.P. to InRe Fund, L.P. on November 1, 2019. The Partnership commenced operations on December 14, 2016. The investment objective of the Partnership is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns by investing its capital in a portfolio comprised of publicly traded equity and debt securities, equity interests in private companies and investments in privately issued debt, securities and instruments. The Partnership will invest primarily in issuers domiciled or generating the majority of their revenue or profits primarily in North America, Asia or Europe. On December 14, 2016, the Partnership elected to adopt the Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement (the LPA ). On September 26, 2017, the Partnership adopted an addendum to the LPA which authorizes and consents the Partnership to utilize prime broker leverage for Partnership investments subject to the limitations set forth in the addendum. On May 14, 2018 and November 1, 2019, the Partnership issued the Second and Third Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement, respectively. On June 30, 2020, the Fourth Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement was issued. The registered office of the Partnership is Walkers Corporate Limited, Cayman Corporate Centre, 27 Hospital Road, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, KY1-9008. The General Partner of the Partnership is InRe Fund GP, Ltd. (the General Partner ), a Cayman Islands company. The General Partner is also the Special Limited Partner (the Special Limited Partner of the Partnership. AnglePoint Asset Management, Ltd. (the Management Company is registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser. The Administrator of the Partnership is Citco Fund Services (Australia) Pty. Ltd. (the Administrator ). 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (a) Statement of compliance and basis of preparation The following significant accounting policies are in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles US GAAP and are stated in United States Dollars ). The following is a summary of the significant accounting and reporting policies used in preparing the financial statements. The Partnership is an investment company following accounting and reporting guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 ). (b) Securities valuation Listed securities are valued at their last traded price on the valuation date, or, if no sales occurred on such date, at the closing bid price if owned and the closing offer price if sold short. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 22 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) (b) Securities valuation (continued) The Partnership records its derivative activities on a mark-to-market or fair value basis. Fair market values are determined by using quoted market prices when available. Otherwise, fair values are based on industry-accepted models or confirmation by counterparties. Unlisted securities are not registered for public sale and are carried at fair value at the end of the year, as determined by the General Partner and/or the Management Company in good faith. When observable prices are not available for these investments, the General Partner and/or the Management Company uses one or more valuation techniques (e.g., the market approach, the income approach or the cost approach) for which sufficient and reliable data is available. The use of the market approach generally consists of using comparable market transactions, while the use of the income approach generally consists of the net present value of estimated future cash flows, adjusted as appropriate for liquidity, credit, market and/or other risk factors. Fair values of unlisted equity investments are estimated, if possible, using applicable price/earnings ratios, price to book ratios or price to sales ratios for similar companies, adjusted to reflect the specific circumstances of the issuer. The inputs used by the General Partner and/or the Management Company in estimating the value of these investments include the original transaction price and recent transactions in the same or similar instruments. These investments may also be adjusted to reflect liquidity and/or non- transferability, with the amount of such discount estimated by the General Partner and/or the Management Company in the absence of market information. The fair value measurement of these investments does not include transaction costs. Net change in unrealized appreciation and depreciation is reflected in the Statement of Operations. (c) Investment transactions and related investment income All of the Partnership s investments are classified as held for trading , with changes in fair value reflected in the Statement of Operations. Investment transactions are accounted for on a trade-date basis. Realized gains and losses on security transactions are determined using the first-in, first-out method of accounting. Interest income and expense are accounted for on an accrual basis. Dividends are recognized when the right to receive the payment is established. (d) Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents may be comprised of due from banks on demand and short-term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, with original maturities of three months or less. Cash and cash equivalents are valued at cost, which approximates fair value. The bank in which cash is held is an affiliate of the Administrator. (e) Due from/to brokers Due from/to brokers balances comprise of cash and cash collateral balances with the Partnership s brokers. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 23 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) (f) Receivable from investments sold/payable for investments purchased Receivable from investments sold and payable for investments purchased, if any, comprise amounts receivable or payable for investments transactions that have not settled at year end. (g) Taxation There is currently no taxation imposed on income or capital gains by the Government of the Cayman Islands. The only taxes payable by the Partnership are withholding taxes of other countries applicable to certain investment income. As a result, no tax liability or expense has been recorded in the financial statements. The Partnership evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken to determine whether, for all tax periods still subject to assessment or challenge by the relevant taxation authorities, the tax positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained on examination. This evaluation includes the position that further withholding taxes will not be levied on income already received by the Partnership. As at December 31, 2020, the tax years that remain subject to examination by the United States federal and state jurisdictions under the statute of limitations are 2018, 2019 and 2020. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are initially recorded and subsequently measured at the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 likely of being realized on ultimate settlement, using the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. Tax positions regarding the assessment of future withholding taxes that do not meet the recognition threshold are recognized as an income tax expense in the current year. Interest and penalties that the Partnership would incur under the relevant tax law, if the tax positions were ultimately not sustained, would be included in the amount recognized as income tax expense. The accrual of interest on the underpayment of tax is recognized in the first period according to the provisions of the relevant tax law. Penalties are recognized in the period in which the Partnership takes the tax position if the position does not meet the relevant minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties, or in a subsequent period if the Partnership s judgment about meeting the minimum statutory threshold changes. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there was no interest or penalty incurred. (h) Foreign currency transactions The Partnership maintains its books and records in United States Dollars. Transactions in other currencies during the year are translated into United States Dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the date of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in other currencies are translated into United States Dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the reporting date. Any gain or loss arising from a change in exchange rates subsequent to the date of the transaction is included in the net realized gains/(losses) and net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on securities, derivatives and foreign currencies in the Statement of Operations. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net realized loss resulting from foreign currency translation was 1,835,370. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 24 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) (i) Contracts for differences A contract for difference is a contract between two parties, buyer and seller, stipulating that the seller will pay to the buyer the difference between the current value of an asset and its value at contract time. (If the difference is negative, then the buyer instead pays to the seller). Such a contract is an equity derivative that allows investors to speculate on share price movements, without the need for ownership of the underlying shares. (j) Options Premiums received on the writing of call and put options are recorded as a liability and the premiums paid on the purchase of call and put options are recorded as an asset at inception. The fair value of unexpired option contracts are based upon the quoted market value of the option or at the fair value as provided by brokers if a quotation is not readily available. Realized and unrealized gains and losses are included in the Statement of Operations. Premiums received from writing options that expire unexercised are recognized as realized gains. (k) Forward contracts The market value of a forward foreign currency contract forward contracts fluctuates with changes in currency exchange rates. The forward contracts are marked to market and the change in market value is recorded in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities and Statement of Operations. When the forward contracts are closed, the Partnership records a realized gain or loss equal to the difference in the contracted values at the time the forward contracts was entered into and the value at the time it was closed. (l) Futures contracts Futures contracts are recorded as contractual commitments on a trade date basis and are carried at fair value based upon their closing price on the valuation date on the exchange that constitutes their principal market. (m) Swaps Swap agreements swaps represent agreements that obligate two parties to exchange a series of cash flows at specified intervals based upon or calculated by reference to changes in specified prices or rates for a specified amount of an underlying asset or otherwise determined notional amount. The payment flows are usually netted against each other, with the difference being paid by one party to the other. Therefore, amounts required for the future satisfaction of the swap may be greater or less than the amount recorded. The realized gain or loss depends upon the prices at which the underlying financial instruments of the swap is valued at the swap s settlement date and is included in the Statement of Operations. Unrealized appreciation or depreciation are fair valued in accordance with the accounting policy stated in Note 2(s) and the resulting movement in the unrealized appreciation or depreciation is recorded in the Statement of Operations. Credit default swaps and interest rate swaps are generally valued based on estimates provided by broker dealers or derived from proprietary/external pricing models using quoted inputs based on the terms of the contracts. Net realized gains or losses are recorded with respect to periodic interest payments made or received on credit default swaps. Any up-front payments made or received upon entering credit default swap contracts are treated as part of the cost and changes are reflected as part of the unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on valuation. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 25 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) (n) Warrants/Rights Warrants/rights held by the Partnership are issued by banks or broker-dealers and are designed to offer a return linked to a particular underlying equity. Investments in warrants/rights involve the same risks associated with a direct investment in the underlying foreign companies or foreign securities markets that they seek to replicate. In addition, there can be no assurance that the trading price of warrants/rights will equal the underlying value of the foreign companies or foreign securities markets that they seek to replicate. There is also counterparty risk associated with these investments because the Partnership is relying on the creditworthiness of such counterparty and has no rights under a warrant against the issuer of the underlying security. (o) Debt securities The Partnership invests in a number of debt securities including convertible, corporate and government bonds. The value of these debt securities may be particularly sensitive to changes in prevailing interest rates. The value of these securities may fluctuate in response to the market s perception of the creditworthiness of the issuers. Debt securities that are not traded in active markets are generally categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. In instances where significant inputs are unobservable, debt securities are categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. (p) Loans Loans are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market. These assets are initially measured at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Gains and losses are recognized in the Statement of Operations when the loans are derecognized or impaired. (q) Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP may require management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates include those related to accruals and investment valuations. Estimates, by their nature, are based on judgement and available information. Management believes that the estimates utilized in the preparation of the financial statements are reasonable and prudent. Actual results could differ from management s estimates. (r) Allocation of Profits and Losses based on the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement The LPA provides for the allocation of net income (i.e. net profits and unrealized appreciation over net loss and unrealized depreciation) to all limited partners of the Partnership (the Limited Partner in proportion to their respective capital account balances with the Partnership. (s) Fair value measurements The fair value of the Partnership s assets and liabilities which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 825, Financial Instruments ASC 825 ), approximates the carrying amounts presented in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 26 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) (s) Fair value measurements (continued) Investments in unlisted securities of 48,137,283 (representing 1.60 of the partners capital) have been valued according to the LPA. The General Partner s and/or the Management Company s assumption of the fair value of these securities may differ significantly from the values that may have been used, had a ready market existed, and the differences could be material. Refer to Note 11 for the significant assumptions and inputs made in the valuation for these unlisted securities. (t) Withdrawals In accordance with FASB Statement No. 150, withdrawals are recognized as liabilities when the amount requested in the withdrawal notice becomes fixed. This generally may occur either at the time of the receipt of the notice, or on the last day of a fiscal period, depending on the nature of the request. As a result, there was no withdrawals payable balance in January 2021 that was based upon year end partners capital balances included in withdrawals payable in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at December 31, 2020. (u) Investment portfolio The industry classifications reflected in the accompanying Condensed Schedule of Investments represent the Partnership s belief as to the most meaningful presentation of the classification of the principal business of the issuer. (v) Impact of recent accounting pronouncements In August 2018, the FASB issued Codification Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2018- 13, Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement ASU 2018-13 ), to streamline disclosure requirements while continuing to provide useful information for financial statement users. For non-public entities, ASU 2018-13 eliminates disclosures for the amount of and reasons for transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, policy for timing of transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy, valuation process for Level 3 fair value measurements and the changes in unrealized gains and losses for Level 3 investments held at the end of the reporting period. The guidance also amends disclosure requirements for the Level 3 rollforward. All other changes implemented by the ASU 2018-13 are applicable to public companies only. The guidance is effective for financial statements with fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The Partnership early adopted this guidance since the year ended December 31, 2018 and its impact is reflected in the financial statements. 3 SERVICE PROVIDER AGREEMENTS Pursuant to the prime brokerage agreements, the clearing and depositary operations for the Partnership s proprietary transactions are performed by its prime brokers. As at December 31, 2020, the securities positions and cash balances were maintained with these brokers. The Partnership continuously monitors the credit standing of its brokers and does not expect any losses as a result of this concentration. The custodian, prime brokers and counterparty for over-the- counter OTC derivatives and their respective S P credit rating as at December 31, 2020 are, Barclays Bank Plc (A); Goldman Sachs (A+); HSBC Bank Plc (A+); JP Morgan (A+); Merrill Lynch (A+); Morgan Stanley (A+) and UBS AG (A+). As at December 31, 2020, the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk, as based on the gross fair value of the financial instrument, is 1,227,001,645. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 27 3 SERVICE PROVIDER AGREEMENTS (continued) Pursuant to an agreement between the Administrator and the Partnership, the Administrator provides accounting, clerical and administrative services to the Partnership. The Partnership pays the administration fee monthly in arrears. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Partnership incurred administration fees of 908,724, of which 103,066 remained payable at year end. 4 RESTRICTED ASSETS Restricted assets are securities or assets without a readily ascertainable market, as determined in the General Partner s sole discretion. For example, some securities or assets may not be publicly traded or may be subject to legal or contractual restrictions on transfer. Restricted assets will be evaluated in accordance with the LPA. Upon realization or deemed realization of a restricted asset, proceeds thereof allocated other than on the last day of a calendar quarter, the Management Company shall repay to the Partnership for disbursement to the participating Partners a portion of the restricted asset administrative fee for the quarter in which such realization or deemed realization and allocation is made. 5 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following: Cash in bank 165,214 Cash equivalents 121,018,300 Total 121,183,514 The balance represents a money market fund which is held for the purpose of meeting short term cash management rather than investment or other purposes. 6 MANAGEMENT FEE AND PERFORMANCE ALLOCATION Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement between the Management Company, the General Partner and the Partnership, the Management Company provides investment management, advisory and other services in order to assist in the implementation of the Partnership s investment objective. For its services, the Management Company charges the Partnership a management fee. The management fee is charged quarterly in advance equal to 0.25 for Class A capital account, 0.375 for restricted asset sub-account attributable to a Class A capital account and 0.125 for Class B capital account balance of each Limited Partner. During the year, the Partnership s Limited Partners incurred management fee of 8,151,215, of which none remained payable at year end. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 28 6 MANAGEMENT FEE AND PERFORMANCE ALLOCATION (continued) Performance Allocation (the Performance Allocation means, with respect to a Class A capital account, the Class A Performance Allocation and, with respect to a Class B capital account, the Class B Performance Allocation. Class A performance allocation means with respect to a Class A capital account of a Limited Partner as of the end of any fiscal year (or other date of determination), an amount equal to the product of the applicable Performance Allocation Percentage multiplied by the excess, if any, of (i) the ending value of such capital account minus (ii) the Benchmark Amount for such capital account and provided always that net capital appreciation has been provisionally allocated to such capital account in accordance with the LPA. Performance Allocation Percentage means: (i) with respect to a Class A capital account, 30 , and (ii) with respect to a Limited Partner s Class B capital accounts for a fiscal year, the percentages set forth in the table below based on the Total Net Increase of such capital accounts for such applicable fiscal year: Total Net Increase Performance Allocation Percentage Total Net Increase of up to 4 0 Total Net Increase in excess of 4 but less than or equal to 6 10 of the Total Net Increase up to 6 Total Net Increase in excess of 6 but less than or equal to 8 10 of the first 6 of Total Net Increase; 15 of the portion of any Total Net Increase greater than 6 but less than or equal to 8 Total Net Increase in excess of 8 20 on the first 8 of Total Net Increase; 25 of the portion of any Total Net Increase greater than 8 but less than or equal to 12 ; 30 on the amount of any Total Net Increase in excess of 12 Total Net Increase (the Total Net Increase means with respect to the Class B capital Accounts of a Limited Partner as of the end of each fiscal year (or other date of determination), the sum of (a) the net increase of all Class B capital accounts of such Limited Partner and (b) the aggregate adjusted annual restricted asset profits in respect of such Limited Partner s pro rata interest in all restricted assets attributable to such Limited Partner, in each case during the applicable fiscal year reduced by the aggregate administrative fee for that fiscal year. Benchmark Amount means, with respect to a Class A capital account of a Limited Partner, the product of (i) 1 plus the Benchmark Return of such Class A capital account, and (ii) the starting net asset value NAV ). 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 29 6 MANAGEMENT FEE AND PERFORMANCE ALLOCATION (continued) Benchmark Return means, with respect to the period for which a performance allocation is being determined for a Class A capital account, the return (in percentage terms) that the starting NAV of such Class A capital account (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, amounts attributable to a restricted asset sub-account during the periods in which such restricted asset sub-account is in existence) would have achieved if it had been invested 65 in iShares MSCI ACWI ETF and 35 in iShares iBoxx Dollar High Yield Corporate Bond ETF at the beginning of the period. The capital account of each Limited Partner shall be debited by, and a capital account maintained by the Special Limited Partner shall be credited by, the Class A Performance Allocation, if any, applicable to such capital account. With respect to all of the Class B capital accounts of each Limited Partner, each capital account of a Limited Partner shall be debited by its pro rata share (or such other portion as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion), and a capital account maintained by the Special Limited Partner shall be credited by, the Class B Performance Allocation, if any, applicable to such Limited Partner. The amounts so reallocated shall consist of such capital account s proportionate share of the net profits, net losses, unrealized gains and unrealized losses to the capital account from which the reallocation was made. For the avoidance of doubt, the Class A Performance Allocation in respect of a Class A capital account is determined solely on the basis of the performance of that Class A capital account irrespective of the performance of any other Class A capital account or Class B capital account of such Limited Partner and the Class B Performance Allocation in respect of the Class B capital accounts of a Limited Partner is determined solely on the basis of the performance of those Class B capital accounts irrespective of the performance of any Class A capital account of such Limited Partner and, except as may otherwise be agreed by the General Partner and a Limited Partner, there shall be no netting of the performance of any Class A capital account with any Class B capital account for the purposes of calculating a Performance Allocation hereunder. In its sole and absolute discretion, the General Partner may agree with a Limited Partner to a different Performance Allocation or to no Performance Allocation with respect to a Limited Partner s capital accounts and such agreement shall have no effect (including any reduction) upon the Performance Allocation made from any other Limited Partner. Any capital account attributable to a related Limited Partner shall not be subject to the Performance Allocation. Performance allocation during the year ended December 31, 2020 amounted to 454,314,245. 7 DUE FROM/TO BROKERS As at December 31, 2020, due from brokers of 917,567,158 represent cash balance held with brokers of 142,518,148 and cash collateral of 775,049,010, which is considered as restricted cash. As at December 31, 2020, due to brokers of 1,455,344,210 represents margin borrowings of 1,056,599,448 and collateral received from counterparties for derivative contracts of 398,744,762. 8 PARTNERS CAPITAL The Partnership is a limited partnership with initial capital contributions from each Limited Partner. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 30 8 PARTNERS CAPITAL (continued) The General Partner, on such terms and conditions as it may deem appropriate, may from time to time admit one or more persons, as additional Limited Partners making such capital contributions as the General Partner may determine and accept additional capital contributions from the investor Limited Partner. The General Partner may, but shall not be required to, make capital contributions. All capital contributions made by a Limited Partner shall be made in cash, unless the General Partner determines to accept securities as a capital contribution (with the amount of such capital contribution being the fair market value of such securities on the date of contribution). Subject to limitations on withdrawals set forth in the LPA, a Limited Partner may withdraw all or a portion of their capital account on permitted withdrawal dates. There shall be credited to a partner s capital account the amount of any cash (which shall not include imputed or actual interest on any deferred contributions) actually contributed by such partner, the fair market value of any property contributed by such partner (net of any liabilities secured by such property that the Partnership is considered to assume or take subject to), any disposition proceeds from any restricted asset and any net profits and unrealized gains of the Partnership corresponding to such capital account and of any items in the nature of income or gain separately allocated to such capital account; and there shall be charged against a partner s capital account the amount of all cash distributions, the fair market value of any property distributed to such partner by the Partnership (net of any liability secured by such property that the partner is considered to assume or take subject to), the acquisition cost of any restricted asset and any net losses and unrealized losses of the Partnership corresponding to such capital account and of any items in the nature of losses or deductions separately allocated to such capital account. Each Limited Partner shall subscribe for either a Class A Interest or a Class B Interest, and the General Partner shall designate the related capital account as a Class A capital account or a Class B capital account, respectively. The Class A Interests and Class B interests shall be entitled to the same rights and privileges, and shall be subject to the same terms and conditions, in all respects except with respect to the management fee payable to the Management Company and performance allocations made to the Special Limited Partner. A Limited Partner may not convert its interest from one designation of Interests to another without the General Partner s consent, which may be withheld in its sole discretion. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 31 9 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS Financial highlights of the Partnership for the year ended December 31, 2020 were as follows: Class A Class B Limited Limited Partner Partner Operating performance Gross return 103.97 146.64 Management fee (0.58) (0.50) Performance allocation (24.91) (45.98) Net return 78.48 100.16 Ratio to average Limited Partner s capital: Expenses (before management fee and performance allocation) (0.81) (1.43) Management fee (0.51) (0.44) Performance allocation (16.81) (28.24) Total expenses (including all fees and performance allocation) (18.13) (30.11) Net investment loss (including all fees and excluding performance allocation) (0.72) (0.75) The above gross return has been calculated for the Limited Partner. The ratios to average Limited Partner s capital are calculated for the Class A and Class B Limited Partner taken as a whole. An individual investor s gross and net return and ratios to average Limited Partner s capital may vary from these amounts and ratios based on different management fee and performance allocation arrangements, as well as the timing and amount of capital transactions. The average Limited Partner s capital is computed using the Partnership s weighted-average Limited Partner s capital as measured at the end of each month. The calculations have been prepared before and after performance allocation as described in Note 6. 10 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (a) Management Company The Management Company is an affiliate of the General Partner. (b) Related party transactions Investment management transactions are disclosed in Note 6. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 32 11 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS The fair value of the Partnership s assets and liabilities which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 825 approximates the carrying amounts presented in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. In accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 ), fair value is defined as the price that the Partnership would receive to sell an investment, or pay to transfer a liability, in a timely transaction with an independent buyer in the principal market, or in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the investment or liability. ASC 820 establishes the three-tier hierarchy to distinguish between: (1) inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity observable inputs and (2) inputs that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on the best information available in the circumstances unobservable inputs and to establish classification of fair value measurements for disclosure purposes. Various inputs are used in determining the value of the Partnership s investments. The inputs are summarized in the three broad levels listed below: Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities at the reporting date. Level 2 Other than quoted prices included with Level 1 that are observable for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 assets include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities that are not active; and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, such as models or other valuation methodologies. Level 3 Unobservable inputs for the valuation of the asset or liability. Level 3 assets include investments for which there is little, if any, market activity. These inputs require significant management judgment or estimation. Investments included in this category generally include privately negotiated investments in publicly traded and privately held companies. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Partnership s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the investment. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs). The inputs or methodology used for valuing the securities are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investment in those securities. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 33 11 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued) The fair value of the Partnership s financial assets and financial liabilities was determined using the following levels of inputs as at December 31, 2020: Assets Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Equities 3,472,802,959 48,137,283 3,520,940,242 Warrants/rights 129,812,670 129,812,670 Government bonds 194,200,572 194,200,572 Convertible bonds 326,052,617 326,052,617 Corporate bonds 44,070,818 44,070,818 Loans 22,943,334 22,943,334 Option contracts 1,424,971,830 1,424,971,830 Credit default swaps 3,729,668 3,729,668 Contracts for differences 274,666,415 274,666,415 Interest rate swaps 1,102,830 1,102,830 Bond swaps 9,210,127 9,210,127 Futures contracts 7,514,327 7,514,327 Total 3,480,317,286 2,430,760,881 48,137,283 5,959,215,450 Liabilities Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Equities (898,106,299) (898,106,299) Government bonds (710,215,892) (710,215,892) Corporate bonds (38,536,746) (38,536,746) Option contracts (992,756,796) (992,756,796) Credit default swaps (27,477,728) (27,477,728) Contracts for differences (167,895,074) (167,895,074) Bond swaps (1,927,483) (1,927,483) Forward contracts (4,303,874) (4,303,874) Total (898,106,299) (1,943,113,593) (2,841,219,892) There were no Level 3 financial instruments purchased for the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year, there were no transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 34 11 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued) The table below summarizes information about the techniques used in determining the fair value of the Partnership s Level 3 investments: Type of Investment Company/Industry Fair Value Valuation Technique(s) Unobservable Input Range HH WBC Investment Holdings, L.P. 48,137,283 Net Asset Value N/A N/A 48,137,283 The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Partnership s unlisted securities is the net asset value of the underlying fund. Significant increases/(decreases) in the input would have resulted in a significantly lower/(higher) fair value measurement. 12 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Derivative contracts, including options, swaps, contracts for differences, forwards and futures, may result in off-balance sheet risk as the Partnership s obligations under these contracts may exceed the amounts recognized in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Credit risk is the possibility of loss from the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of a contract. At any moment, the credit risk for OTC derivative contracts is limited to the net unrealized gains as reported in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities for each counterparty for which a netting agreement exists. In a similar fashion, liabilities represent net amounts owed to counterparties. This netting basis is executed across products and cash collateral when these provisions are specified in the netting agreement. The Partnership seeks to reduce its credit risk for OTC contracts by only transacting with counterparties enjoying high credit standing, and by seeking to negotiate master agreements with inputs that include netting provisions that incorporate the right of set off (assets less liabilities) across OTC contracts with such counterparties. The Partnership records its trading related derivative activities at fair value, as described in Note 2(b). Since the Partnership has entered into certain master agreements that include netting provisions with some of its counterparties, the assets included in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities include the Partnership s unrealized appreciation, net of unrealized depreciation, where such agreements are in effect. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 35 12 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued) Similarly, liabilities represent net amounts owed to such counterparties. The fair values of the Partnership s derivative positions as reported in the Condensed Schedule of Investments are representative of the Partnership s derivative activities throughout the year. The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Statement of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Realized Gains/(Losses) Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation/ (Depreciation) Equity options (equity risk) (147,756,469) 349,730,924 FX options (currency risk) (1,573,404) Credit default swaps (credit risk) (5,244,964) (40,164,725) Contracts for differences (equity risk) 455,349,196 73,009,502 Interest rate swaps (interest rate risk) (1,377,725) 1,582,346 Bond swaps (credit risk) 7,267,965 Forward contracts (currency risk) (3,599,974) (2,154,648) Index futures contracts (equity risk) 1,562,381 10,830,355 The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at December 31, 2020 Fair Value Notional Value Assets Options owned, at fair value 1,424,971,830 279,263,857,536 Credit default swaps 3,729,668 153,000,000 Unrealized gain on contracts for differences 274,666,415 722,346,203 Unrealized gain on interest rate swaps 1,102,830 33,000,000 Unrealized gain on bond swaps 9,210,127 344,153,669 Unrealized gain on futures contracts 7,514,327 273,412,628 Liabilities Options sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value 992,756,796 498,470,270,815 Credit default swaps 27,477,728 1,051,400,000 Unrealized loss on contracts for differences 167,895,074 1,138,141,767 Unrealized loss on bond swaps 1,927,483 192,608,653 Unrealized loss on forward contracts 4,303,874 510,132,674 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 36 13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISK The Partnership s activities may include the purchase and sale of a variety of derivative financial instruments. These derivatives are used for trading purposes and for managing risk associated with the portfolio of investments. All positions are reported in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities at fair value and any change in fair value is reflected in the Statement of Operations as a gain or loss as it occurs. The Partnership is exposed to a market risk equal to the notional value of derivative contracts purchased and is exposed to a market risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities on such derivative contracts sold short. Credit risk is the risk of potential inability of counterparties to perform under the terms of contracts. The Partnership may enter into various futures contracts. The Partnership is exposed to the credit risk relating to whether the counterparty will meet its limited obligations when they come due. The Partnership s exposure to credit risk at any point in time is limited to amounts recorded as assets in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Credit risk is reduced by dealing with reputable counterparties, which are high credit quality institutions. Investments transactions of the Partnership are usually cleared by registered brokers pursuant to prime brokerage agreements under which substantial amount of its assets are held by the registered brokers as security for the Partnership s stock-borrowing and financing arrangements. As at December 31, 2020, the amounts due to or from brokers consisting primarily of net cash from unsettled trades, net cash, and all investments owned and investments sold, but not yet purchased, are positions with the brokers. Management does not anticipate any loss as a result of this concentration. Cash held at the brokers that is related to investments sold, but not yet purchased is restricted until the investments are purchased. Securities sold, but not yet purchased (a short sale are recorded as liabilities in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. A short sale is a transaction in which the Partnership sells securities it does not own (but has borrowed) in anticipation of a decline in the market price of the securities. To complete a short sale, the Partnership must arrange to borrow the securities to be delivered to the buyer. The proceeds received by the Partnership from the short sale may be retained by the stock- lender until the Partnership replaces the borrowed securities. In borrowing the securities to be delivered to the buyer, the Partnership becomes obligated to replace the securities borrowed. The market price at the time of replacement may exceed the amount recorded as a liability on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities. Possible losses from short sales differ from losses that could be incurred from purchases of equity securities. Losses from short sales may be unlimited, whereas losses from purchases are limited to the total amount invested. The above is not intended to be a comprehensive summary of all risks. Investors should refer to the current offering documents for a more detailed discussion of the risks inherent in investing in this Partnership structure. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 37 14 OFFSETTING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES The Partnership is required to disclose the impact of offsetting assets and liabilities represented in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities to enable users of the financial statements to evaluate the effect or potential effect of netting arrangements on its financial position for recognized assets and liabilities. These recognized assets and liabilities are financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement or meet the following right of set off criteria: (1) the amounts owed by the Partnership to another party are determinable; (2) the Partnership has the right to set off the amounts owed with the amounts owed by the other party; (3) the Partnership intends to set off; and (4) the Partnership s right of set off is enforceable at law. As at December 31, 2020, the Partnership holds financial instruments and derivative instruments that are eligible for offset in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities and are subject to a master netting arrangement. The master netting arrangement allows the counterparty to net applicable collateral held on behalf of the Partnership against applicable liabilities or payment obligations of the Partnership to the counterparty. These arrangements also allow the counterparty to net any of its applicable liabilities or payment obligations they have to the Partnership against any collateral sent to the Partnership. The following table provides disclosure regarding the potential effect of offsetting of recognized assets presented in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at December 31, 2020: Net Amounts of Gross Assets Gross Amounts Amounts Presented Not Offset in the Statement Gross Offset in the in the of Assets and Liabilities Amounts of Recognized Statement of Assets and Statement of Assets and Financial Cash Collateral Net Assets Liabilities Liabilities Instruments Received Amount Barclays Bank Plc 19,842,820 19,842,820 (4,210,758) 15,632,062 Goldman Sachs 254,835,611 254,835,611 (186,789,747) 68,045,864 HSBC Bank Plc 7,854,766 7,854,766 (1,001,885) 6,852,881 JP Morgan 119,659,214 119,659,214 (95,819,973) 23,839,241 Merrill Lynch 529,526,803 529,526,803 (339,026,802) 190,500,001 Morgan Stanley 179,591,259 179,591,259 (100,805,888) 78,785,371 UBS AG 609,884,724 609,884,724 (466,705,902) 143,178,822 Total 1,721,195,197 1,721,195,197 (1,194,360,955) 526,834,242 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 38 14 OFFSETTING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (continued) The following table provides disclosure regarding the potential effect of offsetting of recognized liabilities presented in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at December 31, 2020: Net Amounts of Gross Liabilities Gross Amounts Amounts Presented Not Offset in the Statement Gross Offset in the in the of Assets and Liabilities Amounts of Recognized Statement of Assets and Statement of Assets and Financial Cash Collateral Net Liabilities Liabilities Liabilities Instruments Pledged (a) Amount Barclays Bank Plc (4,210,758) (4,210,758) 4,210,758 Goldman Sachs (186,789,747) (186,789,747) 186,789,747 HSBC Bank Plc (1,001,885) (1,001,885) 1,001,885 JP Morgan (95,819,973) (95,819,973) 95,819,973 Merrill Lynch (339,026,802) (339,026,802) 339,026,802 Morgan Stanley (100,805,888) (100,805,888) 100,805,888 UBS AG (466,705,902) (466,705,902) 466,705,902 Total (1,194,360,955) (1,194,360,955) 1,194,360,955 (a) Collateral amounts presented, if any, are limited to the derivative balances and, accordingly, do not include any excess collateral received or pledged. Total collateral pledged not presented above were 44,728,059 with Barclays Bank Plc, 318,550,547 with Goldman Sachs, 183,681,268 with Merill Lynch, 87,776,179 with Morgan Stanley and 140,312,957 with UBS AG. 15 INDEMNITIES The Partnership may enter into contracts that contain a variety of indemnifications. The Partnership s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown. However, the Partnership has not had prior claims or losses pursuant to these contracts. 16 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING THE YEAR The outbreak of Coronavirus disease COVID-19 outbreak in early 2020 has had significant impact on global financial markets. The Management Company will pay close attention to the development of the COVID-19 outbreak and evaluate its impact on the financial position and operating results of the Partnership. The Management Company will continue to remain alert to the situation and monitor the operations of the Partnership. 

INRE FUND, L.P. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Notes to the Financial Statements (continued) For the year ended December 31, 2020 (Stated in United States Dollars) 39 17 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS In accordance with the provisions set forth in FASB ASC 855, Subsequent Events, the Management Company has evaluated the possibility of subsequent events existing in the Partnership s financial statements through June 3, 2021, the date the financial statements were available to be issued. During the period from January 1, 2021 to June 3, 2021, the date these financial statements were available to be issued, the Partnership has recorded capital withdrawals of 1,274,572,280. On February 21, 2021, Enstar Group Limited Enstar Group and its wholly owned subsidiary, Cavello Bay Reinsurance Limited Cavello entered into a Termination and Release Agreement with the Partnership, Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. and Hillhouse Capital Advisors, Ltd., the Management Company, AnglePoint Asset Management Limited AnglePoint and the General Partner pursuant to which the parties have agreed to terminate certain relationships, primarily with respect to the Partnership. As of February 21, 2021, Cavello redeemed its investments in certain funds managed by Hillhouse Capital Advisors, Ltd. and transferred 381,300,050 in proceeds into the Partnership. On March 2, 2021, the General Partner of the Partnership changed from InRe Fund GP, Ltd. to Enstar GP Limited Enstar GP ). On April 1, 2021, Enstar Group and Cavello entered into a purchase and sale agreement with Enstar GP (on behalf of the Partnership), HHGL Fund L.P. and HH WBC GP Limited with respect to the sale of limited partnership interests in HH WBC Investment Holdings, L.P. by the Partnership to HHGL Fund L.P. Also on the same date, Enstar Group entered into a designation agreement with Mr. Jie Liu as the purchaser of AnglePoint and he acquired AnglePoint from an affiliate of Hillhouse Capital Advisors, Ltd. on the same day. In addition, on April 1, 2021, the Management Company assigned its Investment Management Agreement with the Partnership to AnglePoint, which thereinafter became the Management Company. Other than the above, no significant events have occurred since the end of the reporting year which would have an impact on the financial position of the Partnership as disclosed in the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at December 31, 2020 or on the results and cash flows of the Partnership for the year ended on that date. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 esgr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 esgr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 esgr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 esgr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 esgr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

