<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230213_10-K_edgar_data_1099800_0001099800-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20286886</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>266491</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4238346</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6882060</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4668874</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3867427</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001099800-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230213163219
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001099800-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		147
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Edwards Lifesciences Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001099800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				364316614
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15525
		FILM NUMBER:		23619037

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE EDWARDS WAY
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9492502500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE EDWARDS WAY
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090225

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CVG CONTROLLED INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001099800-23-000005.txt : 20230213

10-K
 1
 ew-20221231.htm
 10-K

ew-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period From to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbols(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report . 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recover analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 (the last trading day of the registrant's most recently completed second quarter): based on the closing price of the registrant's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange. This calculation does not reflect a determination that persons are affiliates for any other purpose. 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock, 1.00 par value, as of January 31, 2023, was . 

Table of Contents 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 

EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 2022 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 22 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 87 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 88 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 88 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 88 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 89 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 89 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 89 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 89 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 89 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 90 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 91 
 Signatures 
 92 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We intend the forward-looking statements contained in this report to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of such Acts. Statements other than statements of historical or current fact in this report or referred to or incorporated by reference into this report are "forward-looking statements" for purposes of these sections. These statements include, among other things, the expected impact of COVID-19 on our business, the expected impact of macroeconomic conditions on our business, any predictions, opinions, expectations, plans, strategies, objectives and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing relating to the our current and future business and operations, including, but not limited to, financial matters, development activities, clinical trials and regulatory matters, manufacturing and supply operations, and product sales and demand. These statements can sometimes be identified by the use of the forward-looking words such as "may," "believe," "will," "expect," "project," "estimate," "should," "anticipate," "plan," "goal," "continue," "seek," "pro forma," "forecast," "intend," "guidance," "optimistic," "aspire," "confident," other forms of these words or similar words or expressions or the negative thereof. Statements of past performance, efforts, or results about which inferences or assumptions may be made can also be forward-looking statements and are not indicative of future performance or results; these statements can be identified by the use of words such as "preliminary," "initial," diligence," "industry-leading," "compliant," "indications," or "early feedback" or other forms of these words or similar words or expressions or the negative thereof. These forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause our results or future business, financial condition, results of operations or performance to differ materially from our historical results or experiences or those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements contained in this report. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: our success in developing new products and avoiding manufacturing and quality issues; clinical trial or commercial results or new product approvals and therapy adoption; the impact of public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic; the impact of domestic and global economic conditions; competitive dynamics in the markets in which we operate; our reliance on vendors, suppliers, and other third parties; damage, failure, or interruption of our information technology systems; consolidation in the healthcare industry; our ability to protect our intellectual property; our compliance with applicable regulations; our exposure to product liability claims; use of our products in unapproved circumstances; changes to reimbursement for our products; the impact of currency exchange rates; unanticipated actions by the United States Food and Drug Administration and other regulatory agencies; changes to tax laws; unexpected impacts or expenses of litigation or internal or government investigations; and other risks detailed under "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A below, as such risks and uncertainties may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K we file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of the statement. If we do update or correct one or more of these statements, investors and others should not conclude that we will make additional updates or corrections. 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated or otherwise required by the context, the terms "we," "our," "it," "its," "Company," "Edwards," and "Edwards Lifesciences" refer to Edwards Lifesciences Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
 
 WEBSITE REFERENCES 
 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we make references to our website at www.edwards.com. References to our website through this Form 10-K are provided for convenience only and the content of our website does not constitute a part of, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation is the global leader in patient-focused medical innovations for structural heart disease and critical care monitoring. Driven by a passion to help patients, we partner with the world s leading clinicians and researchers and invest in research and development to transform care for those impacted by structural heart disease or who require hemodynamic monitoring during surgery or in intensive care. Edwards Lifesciences has been a leader in our field for over six decades. Since our founder, Lowell Edwards, first dreamed of using engineering to address diseases of the human heart, we have steadily built a company on the premise of imagining, building, and realizing a better future for patients. 
 
 A pioneer in the development of heart valve therapies, we are the world's leading manufacturer of heart valve systems and repair products used to replace or repair a patient's diseased or defective heart valve. Our innovative work in heart valves encompasses both surgical and transcatheter therapies for heart valve replacement and repair. In addition, our robust pipeline of future technologies is focused on the less invasive repair or replacement of the mitral and tricuspid valves of the heart, which are more complex and more challenging to treat than the aortic valve that is currently the focus of many of our commercially approved valve technologies. We are also a global leader in hemodynamic and noninvasive brain and tissue oxygenation monitoring systems used to measure a patient's cardiovascular function in the hospital setting. 
 
 Cardiovascular disease is the number-one cause of death in the world and is the top disease in terms of health care spending in nearly every country. Cardiovascular disease is progressive in that it tends to worsen over time and often affects the structure of an individual's heart. 
 
 Patients undergoing treatment for cardiovascular disease can be treated with a number of our medical technologies, which are designed to address individual patient needs with respect to disease process, comorbidities, and health status. For example, an individual with a heart valve disorder may have a faulty valve that is affecting the function of his or her heart or blood flow throughout his or her body. A cardiac surgeon may elect to remove the valve and replace it with one of our bioprosthetic surgical tissue heart valves or surgically re-shape and repair the faulty valve with an Edwards Lifesciences annuloplasty ring. Alternatively, a clinician (typically an interventional cardiologist) may implant an Edwards Lifesciences transcatheter valve or repair system via a catheter-based approach that does not require traditional open-heart surgery and can be done while the heart continues to beat. Patients in the hospital setting, including high-risk patients in the operating room or intensive care unit, are candidates for having their cardiac function or fluid levels monitored by our Critical Care products through multiple monitoring options, including noninvasive and minimally-invasive technologies. These technologies enable proactive clinical decisions while also providing the opportunity for improving diagnoses and developing individualized therapeutic management plans for patients. 
 
 Corporate Background 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at One Edwards Way, Irvine, California 92614. The telephone number at that address is (949) 250-2500. We make available, free of charge on our website located at www.edwards.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 Edwards Lifesciences' Product and Technology Offerings 
 
 The following discussion summarizes the main areas of products and technologies we offer to treat advanced cardiovascular disease. Our products and technologies are categorized into four main areas: Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement, Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies, Surgical Structural Heart, and Critical Care. For more information on net sales from these four main areas, see "Net Sales by Product Group " in Part II, Item 7 " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ." 
 
 Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement 
 
 We are the global leader in transcatheter heart valve replacement technologies designed for the minimally-invasive replacement of aortic heart valves. The Edwards SAPIEN family of valves , including Edwards SAPIEN XT, the Edwards SAPIEN 3, the Edwards SAPIEN 3 Ultra, and the Edwards SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA transcatheter heart valves, and their respective delivery systems, are used to treat heart valve disease using catheter-based approaches for patients who have severe symptomatic aortic stenosis and certain patients with congenital heart disease. Delivered while the heart is beating, these valves 
 2 

Table of Contents 

can enable patients to experience a better quality of life sooner than patients receiving traditional surgical therapies. We began offering our transcatheter aortic heart valves to patients commercially in Europe in 2007, in the United States in 2011, and in Japan in 2013. Supported by extensive customer training and service, and a growing body of compelling clinical evidence, our SAPIEN family of transcatheter aortic heart valves are the most widely prescribed transcatheter heart valves in the world. 
 
 Sales of our transcatheter aortic valve replacement products represented 65 of our net sales in each of 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies 
 
 We continue to make significant investments in the development of transcatheter heart valve repair and replacement technologies designed to treat mitral and tricuspid valve diseases. While many of these technologies are in development and clinical phases, the PASCAL PRECISION and Cardioband transcatheter valve repair systems are commercially available in Europe for mitral and tricuspid valve repair. As of 2022, the PASCAL PRECISION system is also commercially available in the U.S. for degenerative mitral regurgitation patients. The PASCAL PRECISION system addresses the needs of patients with mitral or tricuspid regurgitation through leaflet approximation, while the Cardioband system enables clinicians to reduce the valve's annulus and lower regurgitation. In addition to transcatheter repair, we believe transcatheter replacement is key to unlocking the full mitral and tricuspid opportunity. We believe our two-platform mitral replacement strategy positions us for leadership in the mid-to-long term. SAPIEN M3 is based on the proven SAPIEN valve while EVOQUE Eos is designed specifically for mitral patients. For tricuspid valve replacement, our EVOQUE system is also sub 30-French, and available in a variety of valve sizes to enable treatment in a wide range of patient anatomies. 
 
 Surgical Structural Heart 
 
 We are innovating in the field of cardiac surgical therapies to improve the quality of life for patients. Our RESILIA tissue, with published clinical data showing 0 structural valve deterioration through five years 1 , is helping us redefine tissue durability standards. Our latest innovation, the INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve, is built on our PERIMOUNT platform, offering RESILIA tissue and VFit technology. INSPIRIS is the leading aortic surgical valve in the world. Sales of our surgical therapies in the United States also continue to gain traction with KONECT RESILIA , the first pre-assembled, aortic tissue valved conduit. 
 
 The MITRIS RESILIA valve, our newest mitral valve incorporating our latest tissue technology, is now commercially available in both the U.S. and Japan. We believe the demand for surgical structural heart therapies is growing worldwide, and that our innovation strategy will continue to strengthen our leadership and positive impact on patients. 
 
 Sales of our surgical tissue heart valve products represented 15 , 15 , and 16 of our net sales in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Critical Care 
 
 We are the world leader in advanced hemodynamic monitoring systems used to measure a patient's heart function and fluid status in surgical and intensive care settings. Edwards complete hemodynamic portfolio helps clinicians make proactive clinical decisions that can improve patient recovery. The portfolio includes the minimally-invasive FloTrac and Acumen IQ sensors, the noninvasive ClearSight and Acumen IQ cuffs, and the ForeSight noninvasive tissue oximetry sensor. We also support clinical needs with our well-established Swan-Ganz pulmonary artery catheters and arterial pressure monitoring products. Compatible with our portfolio of sensors and catheters, the HemoSphere monitoring platform displays valuable physiological information. Our first predictive algorithm, Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index software, alerts clinicians in advance of a patient developing dangerously low blood pressure. Our latest algorithm, Acumen Assisted Fluid Management software, provides patient-specific fluid suggestions to help keep patients in an optimal range during surgery. 

1 Bavaria, et al. Five-year Outcomes of the COMMENCE trial investigating Aortic Valve Replacement with a Bioprosthetic Valve with a Novel Tissue. The Society of Thoracic Surgeons 2021 Annual Meeting; Bartus, et al. Final 5-year outcomes following aortic valve replacement with RESILIA tissue bio prosthesis. European Journal of Cardio-Thoracic Surgery, 2020. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Competition 
 
 The medical technology industry is highly competitive. We compete with divisions of larger companies as well as smaller companies that offer competitive product lines in certain geographies in which we operate. We also compete with both established and newer technologies that target the patients served by our products. New product development and technological change characterize the areas in which we compete. Our present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical as a result of technological advances by one or more of our present or future competitors or by other therapies, including drug therapies. We believe we hold leadership positions because we develop and produce safe and effective therapies supported by rigorous clinical studies with extensive data and with innovative features that enhance patient benefit, product performance, and reliability; these superior clinical outcomes are in part due to the level of customer and clinical support we provide. 
 
 The cardiovascular segment of the medical technology industry is dynamic and subject to significant change due to cost-of-care considerations, regulatory reform, industry and customer consolidation, and evolving patient needs. The ability to provide products and technologies that demonstrate value and improve clinical outcomes is becoming increasingly important for medical technology manufacturers. 
 
 We believe that we are a leading global competitor in each of our product lines. In Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement, our primary competitors include Medtronic PLC and Abbott Laboratories ("Abbott"). In Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies, our primary competitor is Abbott, and there are a considerable number of large and small companies with development efforts in these fields. In Surgical Structural Heart, our primary competitors include Medtronic PLC, Abbott, and Artivion, Inc (formerly CryoLife). In Critical Care, we compete primarily with a variety of companies in specific product lines including ICU Medical, Inc., PULSION Medical Systems SE, a subsidiary of Getinge AB, Cheetah Medical, Inc., a subsidiary of Baxter International, and LiDCO Group PLC, a subsidiary of Masimo Corporation. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Our portfolio includes some of the most recognizable cardiovascular device product brands in treating structural heart disease today. We have a number of product lines that require sales and marketing strategies tailored to deliver high-quality, cost-effective products and technologies to customers worldwide. Because of the diverse global needs of the population that we serve, our distribution system consists of several direct sales forces as well as independent distributors. We are not dependent on any single customer and no single customer accounted for 10 or more of our net sales in 2022. 
 
 To ensure optimal outcomes for patients, we conduct educational symposia and best practices training for our physician, hospital executive, service line leadership, nursing, and clinical-based customers. We rely extensively on our sales and field clinical specialist personnel who work closely with our customers in hospitals. Field clinical specialists routinely attend procedures where Edwards' products are being used in order to provide guidance on the use of our devices, thereby enabling physicians and staff to reach expert proficiency and deliver positive patient outcomes. Our customers include physicians, nurses, and other clinical personnel, but can also include decision makers such as service line leaders, material managers, biomedical staff, hospital administrators and executives, purchasing managers, and ministries of health. Also, for certain of our product lines and where appropriate, our corporate sales team actively pursues approval of Edwards Lifesciences as a qualified supplier for hospital group purchasing organizations ("GPOs") that negotiate contracts with suppliers of medical products. Additionally, we have contracts with a number of United States and European national and regional buying groups, including healthcare systems and Integrated Delivery Networks. Where we choose to market our products is also influenced by the existence of, or potential for, adequate reimbursement to hospitals and other providers by national healthcare systems. 
 
 United States. In the United States, we sell substantially all of our products through our direct sales forces. In 2022, 58 of our net sales were derived from sales to customers in the United States. 
 
 Outside of the United States. In 2022, 42 of our net sales were derived outside of the United States through our direct sales forces and independent distributors. Of the total sales outside of the United States, 52 were in Europe, 21 were in Japan, and 27 were in Rest of World. We sell our products in approximately 100 countries, including Japan, Germany, France, United Kingdom, Italy, China, and Canada. A majority of the sales and marketing approach outside of the United States is direct sales, although it varies depending on each country's size and state of development. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Raw Materials and Manufacturing 
 
 We operate manufacturing facilities in various geographies around the world. We manufacture our Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement, Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid technologies, and Structural Surgical Heart products primarily in the United States (California and Utah), Singapore, Costa Rica, and Ireland. We manufacture our Critical Care products primarily in the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico. 
 
 We use a diverse and broad range of raw and organic materials in the design, development, and manufacture of our products. We manufacture our non-implantable products from fabricated raw materials including resins, chemicals, electronics, and metals. Most of our replacement heart valves are manufactured from natural tissues harvested from animal tissue as well as fabricated materials. We purchase certain materials and components used in manufacturing our products from external suppliers. In addition, we purchase certain supplies from single sources for reasons of sole source availability or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. 
 
 We work with our suppliers to mitigate risk and seek continuity of supply while maintaining quality and reliability. Alternative supplier options are generally considered, identified, and approved for materials deemed critical to our products, although we do not typically pursue immediate regulatory qualification of alternative sources due to the strength of our existing supplier relationships and the time and expense associated with the regulatory validation process. 
 
 We comply with all current global guidelines regarding risks for products incorporating animal tissue intended to be implanted in humans. We follow rigorous sourcing and manufacturing procedures intended to safeguard humans from potential risks associated with diseases such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy ("BSE"). We obtain bovine tissue used in our pericardial tissue valve products only from sources within the United States and Australia, where strong control measures and surveillance programs exist. In addition, bovine tissue used in our pericardial tissue valve products is from tissue types considered by global health and regulatory organizations to have shown no risk of infectibility. Our manufacturing and sterilization processes are designed to render tissue biologically safe from all known infectious agents and viruses. 
 
 Quality Assurance 
 
 We are committed to providing quality products to our patients and have implemented modern quality systems and concepts throughout the organization. The quality system starts with the initial design concept, risk management, and product specification, and continues through the design of the product, packaging and labeling, and the manufacturing, sales, support, and servicing of the product. The quality system is intended to design quality into the products and uses continuous improvement concepts, including Lean/Six Sigma principles, throughout the product lifecycle. 
 
 Our operations are frequently inspected by the many regulators that oversee medical device manufacturing, including the United States Food and Drug Administration ("FDA"), European Notified Bodies, and other regulatory entities. The medical technology industry is highly regulated and our facilities and operations are designed to comply with all applicable quality systems standards, including the International Organization for Standardization ("ISO") 13485. These standards require, among other items, quality system controls that are applied to product design, component material, suppliers, and manufacturing operations. These regulatory approvals and ISO certifications can be obtained only after a successful audit of a company's quality system has been conducted by regulatory or independent outside auditors. Periodic reexamination by an independent outside auditor is required to maintain these certifications. 
 
 Environmental, Health, and Safety 
 
 We are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace and complying with all relevant regulations and medical technology industry standards. Through our corporate and site level Environmental, Health, and Safety functions, we establish and monitor programs to reduce pollution, prevent injuries, and maintain compliance with applicable regulations. In order to measure performance, we monitor and report on a number of metrics, including regulated and non-regulated waste disposal, energy usage, water consumption, air toxic emissions, and injuries from our production activities. Each of our manufacturing sites is evaluated regularly with respect to a broad range of Environmental, Health, and Safety criteria. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development 
 
 In 2022, we made significant investments in research and development as we worked to develop therapies that we believe have the potential to change the practice of medicine. Research and development spending increased 5 year over year, representing 18 of 2022 sales. This increase was primarily the result of significant investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs, including an increase in clinical research for our mitral and tricuspid therapies. We are engaged in ongoing research and development to deliver clinically advanced new products, to enhance the effectiveness, ease of use, safety, and reliability of our current leading products, and to expand the applications of our products as appropriate. We focus on opportunities within specific areas of structural heart disease and critical care monitoring. 
 
 A considerable portion of our research and development investment includes clinical trials and the collection of evidence that provide data for use in regulatory submissions, and required post-market approval studies involving applications of our products. Our investment in clinical studies also includes outcomes and cost-effectiveness data for payers, clinicians, and healthcare systems. 
 
 In Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement, we are developing new products to further improve and streamline transcatheter aortic heart valve replacement procedures. 
 
 In Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies, we are making significant investments in innovation and clinical evidence to develop technologies designed to treat mitral and tricuspid valve diseases. In addition to our internally developed programs, we have made investments in several companies that are independently developing minimally-invasive technologies to treat structural heart diseases. 
 
 Our Surgical Structural Heart development programs include innovative platforms for patients who are best treated surgically, specifically active patients and patients with more complex combined procedures. 
 
 In our Critical Care product line, we are pursuing the development of a variety of decision support solutions for our clinicians. This includes next-generation noninvasive and minimally-invasive hemodynamic monitoring systems, and a next-generation monitor platform. We are also developing a decision support software suite with advanced algorithms for proactive hemodynamic management, including a semi-closed loop system for standardized management of patient fluid levels. Lastly, we are developing a connectivity platform that will offer clinicians additional clinical support, remote monitoring capability, analytics, and insights for their patients hemodynamic status. 
 
 Our research and development activities are conducted primarily in facilities located in the United States and Israel. Our experienced research and development staff are focused on product design and development, quality, clinical research, and regulatory compliance. To pursue primary research efforts, we have developed alliances with several leading research institutions and universities, and also work with leading clinicians around the world in conducting scientific studies on our existing and developing products. 
 
 Proprietary Technology 
 
 Patents, trademarks, and other proprietary rights are important to the success of our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing innovations, licensing opportunities, and non-disclosure agreements to develop and maintain our competitive position. 
 
 We own or have rights to a substantial number of patents and have patent applications pending both in the United States and in foreign countries. We continue to innovate and file new patent applications to protect our new products and technologies. 
 
 Additionally, we are a party to license agreements with various third parties pursuant to which we have obtained, for varying terms, the exclusive or non-exclusive rights to certain patents held by such third parties in consideration for cross-licensing rights and/or royalty payments. We have also licensed certain patent rights to others. 
 
 We undertake reasonable measures to protect our patent rights, including monitoring the products of our competitors for possible infringement of our patents. Litigation has been necessary to enforce certain patent rights held by us, and we plan to continue to defend and prosecute our rights with respect to such patents. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, we own certain United States registered trademarks used in our business. Many of our trademarks have also been registered for use in certain foreign countries where registration is available and where we have determined it is commercially advantageous to do so. 
 
 Government Regulation and Other Matters 
 
 Our products and facilities are subject to regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA, European Union member states competent authorities, and the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, to confirm compliance with the various laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, and distribution of our products. 
 
 We are also governed by federal, state, local, and international laws of general applicability, including, but not limited to, those regulating employee health and safety, labor, competition, trade secret, and the protection of the environment. Overall, the amount and scope of domestic and foreign laws and regulations applicable to our business has increased over time. Compliance with these regulations has not had a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position to date, but new regulations or amendments to existing regulations to make them more stringent could have such an effect in the future. We cannot estimate the expenses we may incur to comply with potential new laws or changes to existing laws, or the other potential effects these laws may have on our business. 
 
 United States Regulation. In the United States, the FDA has responsibility for regulating medical devices. The FDA regulates design, development, testing, clinical studies, manufacturing, labeling, promotion, and record keeping for medical devices, and reporting of adverse events, recalls, or other field actions by manufacturers and users to identify potential problems with marketed medical devices. Many of the devices that we develop and market are in a category for which the FDA has implemented stringent clinical investigation and pre-market clearance or approval requirements. The process of obtaining FDA clearance or approval to market a product is resource intensive, lengthy, and costly. FDA review may involve substantial delays that adversely affect the marketing and sale of our products. A number of our products are pending regulatory clearance or approval to begin commercial sales in various markets. Ultimately, the FDA may not authorize the commercial release of a medical device if it determines the device is not safe and effective or does not meet other regulatory standards. Additionally, even if a product is cleared or approved, the FDA may impose restrictions or require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the effects of these products once commercialized. 
 
 The FDA has the authority to halt the distribution of certain medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order the repair, replacement, or refund of the costs of such devices, or preclude the importation of devices that are or appear violative. The FDA also conducts inspections to determine compliance with the quality system regulations concerning the manufacturing and design of devices and current medical device reporting regulations, recall regulations, clinical testing regulations, and other requirements. The FDA may withdraw product clearances or approvals due to failure to comply with regulatory standards, or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial approval, and require notification of health professionals and others with regard to medical devices that present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. Additionally, the failure to comply with FDA or comparable regulatory standards or the discovery of previously unknown product problems could result in fines, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of regulatory clearances or approvals, seizures, injunctions, recalls, refunds, civil money penalties, or criminal prosecution. Our compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review. Moreover, the FDA and several other United States agencies administer controls over the export of medical devices from the United States and the import of medical devices into the United States, which could also subject us to sanctions for noncompliance. 
 
 We are also subject to additional laws and regulations that govern our business operations, products, and technologies, including: 
 
 federal, state, and foreign anti-kickback laws and regulations, which generally prohibit payments to anyone, including physicians as an inducement to purchase or recommend a product; 
 
 the Stark law, which prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to a provider that bills these programs for the provision of certain designated health services if the physician (or a member of the physician's immediate family) has a financial relationship with that provider; 
 
 federal and state laws and regulations that protect the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient records, and restrict the use and disclosure of such information, in particular, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires public disclosure of the financial relationships of United States physicians and teaching hospitals with applicable manufacturers, including medical device, pharmaceutical, and biologics companies; 
 
 the False Claims Act, which prohibits the submission of false or otherwise improper claims for payment to a federally funded health care program, and health care fraud statutes that prohibit false statements and improper claims to any third-party payor; and 
 
 the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which can be used to prosecute United States companies for arrangements with foreign government officials or other parties, or for not keeping accurate financial records or maintaining adequate internal controls to prevent and detect arrangements with foreign government officials or other parties. 
 
 Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in criminal liability, significant fines or penalties, negative publicity, and substantial costs and expenses associated with investigation and enforcement activities. To assist in our compliance efforts, we work to adhere to many codes of ethics and conduct regarding our business activities in the United States and other countries in which we operate. In addition, we have in place a dedicated team to improve our internal business compliance programs and policies. 
 
 Regulation Outside of the United States. Outside of the United States, the regulation of medical devices is complex. In Europe, our products are subject to extensive regulatory requirements. The regulatory regime in the European Union ("EU") for medical devices became mandatory in June 1998. It requires that medical devices may only be placed on the market if they do not compromise safety and health when properly installed, maintained, and used in accordance with their intended purpose. National laws conforming to the EU's legislation regulate our products under the medical devices regulatory system. Although the more variable national requirements under which medical devices were formerly regulated have been substantially replaced by the European Union Medical Devices Directive, individual nations can still impose unique requirements that may require supplemental submissions. The EU medical device laws require manufacturers to declare that their products conform to the essential regulatory requirements after which the products may be placed on the market bearing the CE Mark. Manufacturers' quality systems for products in all but the lowest risk classification are also subject to certification and audit by an independent notified body. In Europe, particular emphasis is being placed on more sophisticated and faster procedures for the reporting of adverse events to the competent authorities. 
 
 In May 2017, the EU implemented a new regulatory scheme for medical devices under the Medical Device Regulation ("MDR"). The MDR became effective on May 26, 2021 and brought significant new requirements for many medical devices, including enhanced requirements for clinical evidence and documentation, increased focus on device identification and traceability, new definitions and registration of economic operators throughout the distribution chain, and additional post-market surveillance and vigilance. Compliance with the MDR requires re-certification of many of our products to the enhanced standards, and has resulted in and will continue to result in substantial additional expense. In addition, in the EU, we import some of our devices through our offices in Switzerland. Switzerland is not a member state of the EU, but is linked to the EU through bilateral treaties; therefore, the free movement of goods, including medical devices, between the EU and Switzerland after implementation of the MDR requires a revised Mutual Recognition Agreement ("MRA"). If an MRA covering the MDR is not put in place, then non-EU manufacturers may be required to make significant changes, including replacement of Swiss economic operators with operators based in EU member states, and changes will need to be made to our device labeling and/or packaging to satisfy MDR requirements. If these measures are unable to be taken, it may no longer be possible to place such devices on the EU market. 
 
 In Japan, pre-market approval and clinical studies are required as is governmental pricing approval for medical devices. Clinical studies are subject to a stringent Japanese "Good Clinical Practices" standard. Approval time frames from the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare vary from simple notifications to review periods of one or more years, depending on the complexity and risk level of the device. In addition, importation of medical devices into Japan is subject to the "Good Import Practices" regulations. As with any highly regulated market, significant changes in the regulatory environment could adversely affect future sales. 
 
 In many of the other foreign countries in which we market our products, we may be subject to regulations affecting, among other things: 
 
 product standards and specifications; 
 
 packaging requirements; 
 8 

Table of Contents 

labeling requirements; 
 
 product collection and disposal requirements; 
 
 quality system requirements; 
 
 import restrictions; 
 
 tariffs; 
 
 duties; and 
 
 tax requirements. 
 
 Many of the regulations applicable to our devices and products in these countries are similar to those of the FDA. In some regions, the level of government regulation of medical devices is increasing, which can lengthen time to market and increase registration and approval costs. In many countries, the national health or social security organizations require our products to be qualified before they can be marketed and considered eligible for reimbursement. 
 
 Health Care Initiatives. Government and private sector initiatives to limit the growth of health care costs, including price regulation and competitive pricing, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness reviews, technology assessments, increasing evidentiary demands, and managed-care arrangements, are continuing in many countries where we do business, including the United States, Europe, and Japan. As a result of these changes, the marketplace has placed increased emphasis on the delivery of more cost-effective medical therapies. For example, government programs, private health care insurance, and managed-care plans have attempted to control costs by restricting coverage and limiting the level of reimbursement for procedures or treatments, and some third-party payors require their pre-approval before new or innovative devices or therapies are utilized by patients. These various initiatives have created increased price sensitivity over medical products generally and may impact demand for our products and technologies. 
 
 The delivery of our products is subject to regulation by the United States Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") and comparable state and foreign agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of health care items and services. Foreign governments also impose regulations in connection with their health care reimbursement programs and the delivery of health care items and services. Reimbursement schedules regulate the amount the United States government will reimburse hospitals and doctors for the inpatient care of persons covered by Medicare. HHS' Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ("CMS") may also review whether and/or under what circumstances a procedure or technology is reimbursable for Medicare beneficiaries. Changes in current coverage and reimbursement levels could have an adverse effect on market demand and our pricing flexibility. The CMS National Coverage Determination for Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement was issued in June 2019. The modernized requirements and more streamlined patient evaluation process are meaningful enhancements that may help ensure equitable access for more patients suffering from severe aortic stenosis. 
 
 Health care cost containment efforts have also prompted domestic hospitals and other customers of medical device manufacturers to consolidate into larger purchasing groups to enhance purchasing power. The medical technology industry has also experienced some consolidation, partly in order to offer a broader range of products to large purchasers. As a result, transactions with customers are larger, more complex, and tend to involve more long-term contracts than in the past. These larger customers, due to their enhanced purchasing power, may have a material impact on product pricing. 
 
 These laws or any future legislation, including deficit reduction legislation, could impact medical procedure volumes, reimbursement for our products, and demand for our products or the prices at which we sell our products. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our quarterly net sales are influenced by many factors, including new product introductions, acquisitions, regulatory approvals, patient and physician holiday schedules, and other factors. Net sales in the third quarter are typically lower than other quarters of the year due to the seasonality of the United States and European markets, where summer vacation schedules normally result in fewer medical procedures. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Human Capital Management Strategy 
 
 Human Capital Management ("HCM") Governance 
 
 The primary goals of our talent management strategy are to attract and maintain a motivated, professional workforce and to ensure alignment on our patient-focused innovation strategy. 
 
 Our Board of Directors routinely engages with leadership to review and discuss our human capital management ("HCM"), with time dedicated at each regularly scheduled meeting to discuss talent management, which include topics such as talent strategy, diversity, succession planning, employee development, employee health, safety, and welfare, results of employee surveys, and compensation. Our Board of Directors also annually approves the strategic talent imperatives that are tied to our Key Operating Drivers ("KODs"). Our KODs are tracked using a point system across our entire organization that focus the Company and management toward short-, medium-, and long-term goals. The strategic talent imperatives are developed to identify talent related initiatives that support achievement of the KODs. 
 
 In addition, the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and his leadership team have talent management related performance goals tied to their compensation; these Performance Management Objectives are reviewed on an annual basis, tracked, and then reported to and evaluated by our Board of Directors. 
 
 As we scale to reach more patients around the world, we have integrated our Talent Organization T O Strategy with our Edwards Strategic Planning process. The purpose of our T O Strategy is to anticipate dynamic global trends related to our workforce, develop our talent to meet future organizational needs, and enable us to be well-poised to meet these needs. Our T O Strategy enables us to explore external workforce signals, share insights, and identify and build emerging capabilities across our organization. This has enabled us to build a comprehensive succession planning process that allows us to build strong talent from within while we pursue an aggressive recruiting process to fill any gaps with highly qualified external talent. This consistent and scalable approach looks across all our product groups, regions, and significant functions to align and elevate priorities, critical capabilities, and organizational evolutions in line with our strategic plan. This integrated approach informs our yearly objectives and fuels our talent roadmap across the strategic horizon. 
 
 Our HCM governance includes a global talent development review ("TDR") process to align our business strategy with talent strategies, assess talent against future organizational needs, evaluate critical talent populations, and enhance the strength of our succession planning. We track our performance regularly. 
 
 Culture 
 
 Investing in our workforce means our employees can stay focused on our patient-focused innovation strategy and the development of life-saving therapies for the patients we serve. We are committed to maintaining an ethical culture where we celebrate diversity, promote good health and safety, empower employees to speak up, and ensure that employees' voices are heard. We strive to offer competitive employee well-being packages and are committed to fair and equitable pay practices. We track compensation patterns in all geographies where we operate, and we regularly look for ways to ensure fair and equitable pay. 
 
 Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging 
 
 We are committed to fostering an environment where all employees can grow and thrive. A diverse workforce results in a broader range of perspectives, helping drive our commitment to innovation. We have established a Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging strategy that includes our four focus areas of Business, People, Communication, and Community, and whose overriding priority is "The Patient." As a practice, all employees receive unconscious bias training as a foundational aspect of our culture. 
 
 Employee Listening 
 
 We believe in empowering our employees and providing avenues that enable their voices to be heard. We conduct a multilingual global employee survey, called my Voice, to gain employees' feedback in a confidential manner. The CEO and Executive Leadership Team hold themselves accountable to act on the results of the survey, and these results are reviewed by management with our Board of Directors. This initiative helps us gain insights on various topics including patient focus, diversity, inclusion and belonging, quality, innovation, engagement, as well as a sense of support at all levels of the organization. Speak-Up is a resource available to all employees to bring forth compliance related concerns; a key element of our compliance program is that each employee is accountable for maintaining ethical business practices. In addition, during each quarterly townhall meeting, our CEO answers questions that have been submitted to him by employees. Answers to questions that are not covered in the townhall meeting are posted online internally. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Total Well-being 
 
 We understand that good health leads to better performance. We offer competitive employee well-being packages that include, among other things, health and wellness insurance, health savings accounts, family support services, and a variety of site-specific programs. We regularly evaluate our well-being package to make modifications that are aligned with the competitive landscape, legislative changes, and the unique needs of our population. We also provide robust well-being programs that address prevention, nutrition, mental health, physical activity, financial fitness, and community service. In recent years, mental well-being has become a central topic for organizations worldwide. As part of our regular evaluation and commitment to putting employees first, we launched a new program, Mind+, which offers a wide variety of mental well-being programs for our employees. This commitment extends to creating a work environment where employees can feel confident speaking about mental well-being with their managers and know how best to access the tools and resources available to support them. We believe there are strong benefits when employees are feeling their best. Employees who are mentally healthy are more innovative, resilient, better decision-makers, and able to build stronger relationships. We also believe that prioritizing and promoting Mind+ allows us to help patients around the world to live longer, healthier, and more productive lives and supports employees to be their best self at home and at work. 
 
 Talent Development 
 
 Edwards has established a long-term aspiration to grow and develop talent significantly, centering our efforts around critical leadership and technical skills for the present and future needs of the business. Our learning and development structure and processes strive to meet the internal demand to develop our talent in such a way that demonstrates impact at scale and delivered to our workforce through optimized learning modalities. This includes leadership training programs, including our ethical decision making training program for managers. 
 
 Headcount and Labor Representation 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 17,300 employees worldwide, the majority of whom were located in the United States, Singapore, the Dominican Republic, and Costa Rica. None of our North American employees are represented by a labor union. In various countries outside of North America, we interact with trade unions and work councils that represent employees. 
 
 Additional details regarding diversity, talent development, compensation, and employee health and safety can be found in our Sustainability Report posted on our website at www.edwards.com under "About Us Corporate Responsibility." 
 
 References to our website in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are provided for convenience only and the content on our website does not constitute a part of this Report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our business and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. An investor should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of these events or circumstances occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially harmed. In that case, the value of our securities could decline and an investor could lose part or all of his or her investment. In addition, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that are contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our other filings or statements may be subject to the risks described below as well as other risks and uncertainties. Please read the cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements in Part I above. Please note that the headers and summary provided below are only intended to assist the reader in navigating the risk factors; some risks, present or future, may implicate multiple types of risks. Please read all risk factors in their entirety. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 We group our risk factors into three principal sections: (1) Business and Operating Risks; (2) Market and Other External Risks and (3) Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks. The following summarizes the principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. This summary should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business and you should read this summary together with the more detailed description of risks and uncertainties discussed below. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Business and Operating Risks 
 
 Failure to successfully innovate and market products 
 Unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures 
 Manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems 
 Public health crises, including pandemics and epidemics 
 Competition 
 Dependence on key physicians and research institutions 
 Reliance on vendors, suppliers, and other third parties 
 Damage, failure, or interruption of our information technology systems, including due to cyber-based attacks and breaches 
 Failure to recruit and retain qualified talent or execute management succession plans 
 Underperforming operations or unsuccessful business acquisitions or strategic alliances 
 
 Market and Other External Risks 
 
 Risks associated with international sales and operations 
 Inability to obtain government reimbursement or reductions in reimbursement levels 
 Industry consolidation 
 
 Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Inability to protect our intellectual property 
 Inability to defend against intellectual property claims from third parties 
 Compliance with government regulations 
 Losses from product liability claims 
 Use of products in unapproved circumstances 
 Substantial costs from environmental, health and safety regulations 
 Climate change 
 Regulatory actions relating to animal borne illnesses 
 
 Business and Operating Risks 
 
 Failure to successfully innovate and develop new and differentiated products in a timely manner and effectively market these products could have a material effect on our prospects. 
 
 Our continued growth and success depend on our ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products in a timely manner and effectively market these products. Without the timely innovation and development of products, our products could be rendered obsolete or less competitive because of the introduction of a competitor s newer technologies or changing customer preferences. Innovating products requires the devotion of significant financial and other resources to research and development activities; however, there is no certainty that the products we are currently developing will complete the development process, or that we will obtain the regulatory or other approvals required to market such products in a timely manner or at all. Even if we timely innovate and develop products, our ability to successfully market them could be constrained by a number of different factors, including competitive products and pricing, barriers in patients' treatment pathway (including disease awareness, detection, and diagnosis), the need for regulatory clearance, restrictions imposed on approved indications, and uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Failure in any of these areas could have a material effect on our prospects. 
 
 Unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures relating to products could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. 
 
 The regulatory approval process for new products and new indications for existing products requires extensive clinical trials and procedures, including early clinical feasibility and regulatory studies. Unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from current or future clinical trials or procedures conducted by us, our competitors, or third parties, or perceptions regarding this clinical data, could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals and the market's view of our future prospects. Such clinical trials and procedures are inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that these trials or procedures will be enrolled or completed in a timely or cost-effective manner or result in a commercially viable product or indication; failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. Clinical trials or procedures may experience significant setbacks even after earlier trials have shown promising results. Further, preliminary results from clinical trials or procedures may be contradicted by subsequent analyses. In addition, results from our clinical trials or procedures may not be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience. If preliminary clinical results are later contradicted, or if initial results cannot be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience, our business could be adversely affected. Clinical trials or procedures may be delayed, suspended, or terminated by us, the FDA, or other regulatory authorities at any time if it is believed 
 12 

Table of Contents 

that the trial participants face unacceptable health risks or any other reasons, and any such delay, suspension, or termination could have a material adverse effect on our prospects or the market's view of our future prospects. 
 
 If we or one of our suppliers or logistics partners encounters manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The manufacture and sterilization of many of our products is highly complex due in part to rigorous regulatory requirements. Quality is extremely important due to the serious and costly consequences of a product failure. Problems can arise for a number of reasons, including disruption of facility utilities, equipment malfunction, failure to follow protocols and procedures, raw material problems, software problems, cyber incidents, or human error. Disruptions can occur at any time, including during production line transfers and expansions. Disruptions can also occur if our manufacturing and warehousing facilities are damaged by earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes, fires, and other natural disasters or catastrophic circumstances. As we expand into new markets and scale new products for commercial production, we may face unanticipated delays or surges in demand which could strain our production capacity and lead to other types of disruption. If any of these manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems arise or if we or one of our suppliers or logistics partners otherwise fail to meet internal quality standards or those of the FDA or other applicable regulatory body, our reputation could be damaged, we could become subject to a safety alert or a recall, we could incur product liability and other costs, product approvals and production could be delayed, and our business could otherwise be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic and other pandemics or epidemics. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, including the global health concerns related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and is likely to further adversely impact nearly all aspects of our business and markets, including our workforce and operations and the operations of our customers, suppliers, and business partners. Other public health crises, including any future epidemics or pandemics, could result in similar adverse impacts on our business and markets. Financial or operational impacts that we have experienced in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic and may experience as a result of future COVID-19 outbreaks or other public health crises include: 
 
 Staffing shortages at hospitals which can add to the barriers along the patient treatment pathway; 
 
 Impacts and delays to clinical trials, our pipeline milestones, or regulatory clearances and approvals; 
 
 The inability to meet our customers needs or other obligations due to disruptions to our operations or the operations of our third-party partners, suppliers, contractors, logistics partners, or customers including disruptions to production, development, manufacturing, administrative, and supply operations and arrangements; or 
 
 Significant volatility or reductions in demand for our products. 
 
 Depending on the severity of the financial and operational impacts, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely impacted. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic or other future public health crises may impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition depends on many factors which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. These factors include, but are not limited to, the duration and spread of any outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain or address the impact of the outbreak, the timing, distribution, and efficacy of vaccines and other treatments, United States and foreign government actions to respond to possible reductions in global economic activity, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. 
 
 We operate in highly competitive markets, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed. 
 
 We face substantial competition and compete with technologies of many types and companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, product performance, brand name recognition, breadth of product offerings, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability and rate of reimbursement. In addition, given the trend toward value-based healthcare, if we are not able to continue to demonstrate the full value of our differentiated products to healthcare providers and payors, our competitive position could be adversely affected. See " Competition " under " Business " in Part I, Item 1 included herein. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

The success of many of our products depends upon certain key physicians and research institutions. 
 
 We work with leading global physicians and research institutions who provide considerable knowledge and experience. These physicians may assist us as researchers, marketing consultants, product trainers and consultants, inventors, and as public speakers. If new laws, regulations, or other developments limit our ability to appropriately engage these professionals or with the research institutions of which they are a part or to continue to receive their advice and input or we are otherwise unsuccessful in maintaining strong working relationships with these physicians or their research institutions, the development, marketing, and successful use of our products could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We rely on third parties in the design, manufacture, and sterilization of our products. Any failure by or loss of a vendor could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business. 
 
 We rely on third parties for a broad range of raw and organic materials and other items in the design, manufacture, and sterilization of our products, and we purchase certain supplies and services from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, cost-effectiveness, availability, constraints resulting from regulatory requirements, and other reasons. We experience from time to time, and may continue to experience, supply interruptions due to a variety of factors, including: 
 
 General economic conditions that could adversely affect the financial viability of our vendors; 
 
 Vendors' election to no longer service or supply medical technology companies, including due to the burdens of applicable quality requirements and regulations or for no reason at all; 
 
 The limitation or ban of certain chemicals or other materials used in the manufacture of our products; and 
 
 Delays or shortages due to trade or regulatory embargoes. 
 
 Additionally, any significant increases in the cost of raw materials, whether due to inflationary pressure, supply constraints, regulatory changes, or otherwise, could adversely impact our operating results. A change or addition to our vendors could require significant effort due to the rigorous regulations and requirements of the FDA and other regulatory authorities; it could be difficult to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Failure to protect our information technology infrastructure and our products against cyber-based attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions, or data corruption could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 The operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We rely on our information technology systems to, among other things, effectively manage sales and marketing data, accounting and financial functions, inventory management, product development tasks, clinical data, customer service and technical support functions. Our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power losses, computer system or data network failures, security breaches, and data corruption. 
 
 In addition, our information technology infrastructure and products are vulnerable to cyber-based attacks. Cyber-based attacks can include, but are not limited to, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, ransomware attacks, and other introduction of malware to computers and networks; unauthorized access through the use of compromised credentials; exploitation of design flaws, bugs, or security vulnerabilities; intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges; and intentional acts of vandalism by third parties and sabotage. In addition, United States federal and state laws and regulations, and the laws and regulations of jurisdictions outside of the United States, such as the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") adopted by the European Union and the California Privacy Rights Act ("CRPA") and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the CRPA (the "CCPA"), can expose us to investigations and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities and claims from individuals potentially resulting in penalties and significant legal liability, if our information technology security efforts are inadequate. In addition, we rely upon technology suppliers, including cloud based data management applications hosted by third party service providers, whose security and information technology systems are subject to similar risks. 
 
 Significant disruption in either our or our service providers or suppliers information technology or the security of our products could impede our operations or result in decreased sales, result in liability claims or regulatory penalties, or lead to increased overhead costs, product shortages, loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, intellectual property, or 
 14 

Table of Contents 

sensitive or personal information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to recruit and retain qualified talent or are otherwise unsuccessful in the execution of our management succession plans. 
 
 Our continued success depends, in large part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified people and execute on our talent management and succession plans, and if we are unable to do so, our business and operations may be impaired or disrupted. See " Human Capital Management Strategy " under " Business " in Part I, Item 1 included herein. Competition for highly qualified people is intense, and there is no assurance that we will be successful in attracting or retaining replacements to fill vacant positions, successors to fill retirements or employees moving to new positions, or other highly qualified personnel. 
 
 If we identify underperforming operations or products or if there are unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures in connection with business acquisitions or strategic alliances, we may be required, from time to time, to recognize charges, which could be substantial and which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We actively manage a portfolio of research and development products, and we regularly explore potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, services, or products, as well as potential strategic alliances. From time to time, we identify operations and products that are underperforming, do not fit with our longer-term business strategy or there may be unforeseen operating difficulties and significant expenditures during the integration of an acquired business, technology, service, or product into our existing operations. We may seek to dispose of these underperforming operations or products, and we may also seek to dispose of other operations or products for strategic or other business reasons. If we cannot dispose of an operation or product on acceptable terms, we may voluntarily cease operations related to that product. In addition, we may be required to take charges or write-downs in connection with acquisitions and divestitures. In particular, acquisitions of businesses engaged in the development of new products may give rise to developed technology and/or in-process research and development assets. To the extent that the value of these assets decline, we may be required to write down the value of the assets. Also, in connection with certain asset acquisitions, we may be required to take an immediate charge related to acquired in-process research and development assets. Any of these events could result in charges, which could be substantial and which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Market and Other External Risks 
 
 Because we operate globally, our business is subject to a variety of risks associated with international sales and operations. 
 
 Our extensive global operations and business activity as well as the fact that many of our manufacturing facilities and suppliers are outside of the United States exposes us to certain financial, economic, political, and other risks, including those listed below. 
 
 Domestic and Global Economic Conditions. We have been impacted and may continue to be negatively impacted by general domestic and global economic conditions, although we cannot predict the extent to which such conditions may negatively impact our business. These include, but are not limited to, conditions impacting inflation, credit and capital markets, interest rates, tax law, including tax rate and policy changes, factors affecting global economic stability, and the political environment relating to health care. These and other conditions could also adversely affect our customers, payers, vendors and other stakeholders and may impact their ability or decision to purchase our products or make payments on a timely basis. 
 
 Health Care Legislation and Other Regulations . We are subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern our domestic and international business practices. For example, in the United States, the Affordable Care Act, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, and the 21st Century Cures Act, or any future legislation, including deficit reduction legislation, could impact medical procedure volumes, reimbursement for our products, and demand for our products or the prices at which we sell our products. In addition, a Mutual Recognition Agreement still under negotiation for the Medical Device Regulation can result in a lack of free movement of medical devices between the European Union and Switzerland, can impact our access in the European Union and can, ultimately, have a material effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For more information about these laws as they relate to our business, see the section entitled Government Regulation and Other Matter s in Part I, Item 1, Business . 
 
 In addition, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions contain prohibitions against bribery and other illegal payments, and make it an offense to fail to have procedures in place that prevent such payments. Penalties resulting from any violation of these laws could adversely affect us and our business. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Taxes. We are subject to income taxes in the United States as well as other jurisdictions. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes. Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates. Our income tax provision could also be impacted by changes in excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation, federal and state tax credits, non-deductible expenses, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability and creditability of withholding taxes, and effects from acquisitions. 
 
 Tax Reform . Our provision for income taxes could be materially impacted by changes in accounting principles or evolving tax laws, including, but not limited to, global corporate tax reform and base-erosion and tax transparency efforts. For example, many countries are aligning their international tax rules with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations and action plans that aim to standardize and modernize international corporate tax policy, including changes to cross-border taxes, transfer pricing documentation rules, nexus-based tax practices, and taxation of digital activities. The effective dates of implementation, the interactions of tax reforms in multiple jurisdictions, and uncertainty related to dispute resolution mechanisms could impact our provision for income taxes. 
 
 Tax Audits . We are subject to ongoing tax audits in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. Although we regularly assess the likely outcomes of the audits and record reserves for potential tax payments, the calculation of tax liabilities involves the application of complex tax laws, and our estimates could be different than the amounts for which we are ultimately liable. 
 
 Tax Incentives . We benefit from various global tax incentives extended to encourage investment or employment. Several foreign jurisdictions have granted us tax incentives which require renewal at various times in the future. If our incentives are not renewed or we cannot or do not wish to satisfy all or part of the tax incentive conditions, we may lose the tax incentives and could be required to refund tax incentives previously realized. As a result, our provision for income taxes could be higher than it would have been had we maintained the benefits of the tax incentives. 
 
 Other economic, political, and social risks. In addition to the factors enumerated above, we are from time to time impacted by a variety of other factors associated with doing business internationally that can harm our future results, including the following: 
 
 trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, import or export requirements, and duties, tariffs, or surcharges; 
 
 cultural or other local factors affecting financial terms with customers; 
 
 differing labor regulations; 
 
 military conflict, political unrest, or wars; and 
 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations; that is, decreases in the value of the United States dollar to the Euro or the Japanese yen, as well as other currencies in which we transact business, have the effect of increasing our reported revenues even when the volume of sales outside of the United States has remained constant. Increases in the value of the United States dollar relative to the Euro or the Japanese yen, as well as other currencies, have the opposite effect. Significant increases or decreases in the value of the United States dollar could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, cost of sales, or results of operations. 
 
 If government and other third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers for our products or impose other cost containment measures to reduce reimbursement levels, our ability to profitably sell our products will be harmed. 
 
 We sell our products and technologies to hospitals and other health care providers, nearly all of which receive reimbursement for the health care services provided to patients from third-party payors, such as government programs (both domestic and outside of the United States), private insurance plans, and managed care programs. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products from private and governmental third-party payors is critical to our success. The availability of reimbursement affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. Reimbursement varies from country to country and can significantly impact acceptance of new products. 
 
 Government and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. Reimbursement levels may be decreased in the future. Additionally, future legislation, regulation, or reimbursement policies of third-party payors may otherwise adversely 
 16 

Table of Contents 

affect the demand for and price levels of our products. The introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of health care expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed. Hospitals or physicians may respond to such cost-containment pressures by substituting lower cost products or other therapies. 
 
 Third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a device used in a procedure was not used in accordance with cost-effective treatment methods as determined by such third-party payors or was used for an unapproved indication. Third-party payors may also deny reimbursement for experimental procedures and devices. We believe that many of our existing products are cost-effective, even though the one-time cost may be significant, because they are intended to improve quality of life and reduce overall health care costs over a long period of time. We cannot be certain that these third-party payors will recognize these cost savings and quality of life benefits instead of merely focusing on the lower initial costs associated with competing therapies. If our products are not considered cost-effective by third-party payors, our customers may not be reimbursed for them, resulting in lower sales of our products. 
 
 Continued consolidation in the health care industry could have an adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. 
 
 The health care industry has been consolidating, and organizations such as GPOs, independent delivery networks, and large single accounts, such as the United States Veterans Administration, continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for many of our health care provider customers. As a result, transactions with customers are larger and more complex, and tend to involve more long-term contracts. The purchasing power of these larger customers has increased, and may continue to increase, causing downward pressure on product pricing. If we are not one of the providers selected by one of these organizations, we may be precluded from making sales to its members or participants. Even if we are one of the selected providers, we may be at a disadvantage relative to other selected providers that are able to offer volume discounts based on purchases of a broader range of medical equipment and supplies. Further, we may be required to commit to pricing that has a material adverse effect on our revenues, profit margins, business, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect that market demand, governmental regulation, third-party reimbursement policies, and societal pressures will continue to drive consolidation and increase pricing pressure. 
 
 Legal, Compliance, and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Our inability to protect our intellectual property or failure to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of data or other sensitive company information, by cyber-attack or other event, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our success and competitive position are dependent in part upon our ability to protect our proprietary intellectual property through a combination of patents and trade secrets. We cannot guarantee that the protective steps we take are adequate to protect these rights: 
 
 Patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged and held invalid. 
 
 As our patents expire, we may be unsuccessful in extending their protection through patent term extensions. 
 
 Confidentiality agreements with certain employees, consultants, and other third parties intended to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary information could be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies. 
 
 Others could independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary information, design around our technology, or develop competing technologies. 
 
 Our intellectual property, other proprietary technology, and other sensitive company information is dependent on sophisticated information technology systems and is potentially vulnerable to cyber-attacks, loss, theft, damage, destruction from system malfunction, computer viruses, loss of data privacy, or misappropriation or misuse of it by those with permitted access, and other events. 
 
 We may not detect infringement. 
 
 Intellectual property protection may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries. 
 
 We spend significant resources to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, sometimes resulting in expensive and time-consuming litigation that is complex and may ultimately be unsuccessful. Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business or prospects. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products. 
 
 During recent years, we and our competitors have been involved in substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights which is typically costly and time-consuming. We may be forced to defend against claims and legal actions alleging infringement of the intellectual property rights of others, and, if our defense is unsuccessful, we could have significant liabilities to third parties or face injunctions that bar the sale of our products, or could require us to seek licenses from third parties. Such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, may prevent us from manufacturing, selling, or using certain products, or may be non-exclusive, which could provide our competitors access to the same technologies. 
 
 In addition, third parties could also obtain patents that may require us to either redesign products, negotiate licenses from such third parties, which may be costly, unavailable or require us to exit a particular product offering. 
 
 We and our customers are subject to rigorous governmental regulations and we may incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations and develop products that are compatible with these regulations. In addition, failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to substantial sanctions which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 The medical technologies we create, study, manufacture, and market globally are subject to rigorous regulation and scrutiny by the FDA and various other federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities, including the European Union's European Commission who promulgated the European Medical Device Regulation ("EU MDR"). Government regulation applies to nearly all aspects of our products lifecycles, including testing, clinical study, manufacturing, transporting, sourcing, safety, labeling, storing, packaging, recordkeeping, reporting, advertising, promoting, distributing, marketing, and importing or exporting of medical devices and products. In general, unless an exemption applies, a medical device or product must receive regulatory approval or clearance before it can be marketed or sold. Modifications to existing products or the marketing of new uses for existing products also may require regulatory approvals, approval supplements, or clearances. If we are unable to obtain these required approvals, we may be required to cease manufacturing and sale, or recall or restrict the use of such modified device, pay fines, or take other action until such time as appropriate clearance or approval is obtained. More specifically relating to the EU MDR which came into effect in May 2017 and became applicable in May 2021 with a staggered transition period, all regulated products must be assessed by notified bodies (organizations designated by EU member states) as to whether they meet the technical requirements of the EU MDR before entering the market in Europe. During the transition period, with the influx of submissions to the notified bodies, any delay on obtaining approvals may result in a disruption of device supply or a further delay in getting a device to market. In addition, in the EU, we import some of our devices through our offices in Switzerland. Switzerland is not a member state of the EU, but is linked to the EU through bilateral treaties; therefore, the free movement of goods, including medical devices, between the EU and Switzerland after implementation of the EU MDR requires a revised MRA. If an MRA covering the EU MDR is not put in place, then non-EU manufacturers may be required to make significant changes, including replacement of Swiss economic operators with operators based in EU member states, and changes will need to be made to our device labeling and/or packaging to satisfy EU MDR requirements. If these measures are unable to be taken, it may no longer be possible to place such devices on the EU market. 
 
 Regulatory agencies may refuse to grant approval or clearance, or review and disagree with our interpretation of approvals or clearances, or with our decision that regulatory approval is not required or has been maintained. Regulatory submissions may require the provision of additional data and may be time consuming and costly, and their outcome is uncertain. Regulatory agencies may also change policies, adopt additional regulations, or revise existing regulations, each of which could prevent or delay approval or clearance of devices, or could impact our ability to market a previously cleared, approved, or unregulated device. Our failure to comply with these regulatory requirements of the FDA, the European Commission, or other applicable regulatory requirements in the United States or elsewhere might subject us to administratively or judicially imposed sanctions. These sanctions include, among others, warning letters, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties, injunctions, debarment, product seizure or detention, product recalls and total or partial suspension of production, sale and/or promotion. Any of the foregoing actions could result in decreased sales including as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In addition to the sanctions for noncompliance described above, commencement of an enforcement proceeding, inspection, or investigation could divert substantial management attention from the operation of our business and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 We are also subject to various United States and foreign laws pertaining to health care pricing, anti-corruption, and fraud and abuse, including prohibitions on kickbacks and the submission of false claims laws and restrictions on relationships with physicians and other referral sources. These laws are broad in scope and are subject to evolving interpretation, which could require us to incur substantial costs to monitor compliance. If we are found not to be in compliance, we may be required to alter our practices or have sanctions imposed against us and our officers and employees, including substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in governmental health care programs. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

In addition, as a global company, we are subject to global data privacy and security laws, regulations and codes of conduct that apply to our businesses. We are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing legal and regulatory requirements that govern the collection, use, storage, security, transfer, disclosure and other processing of personal data in the United States and in other countries, which may include, but are not limited to, The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended ("HIPAA"), The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, the CCPA, the CRPA, and the GDPR. The GDPR imposes stringent European Union data protection requirements and provides for significant penalties for noncompliance. HIPAA also imposes stringent data privacy and security requirements and the regulatory authority has imposed significant fines and penalties on organizations found to be out of compliance. The CCPA and the CRPA provides consumers with a private right of action against companies who have a security breach due to lack of appropriate security measures. We or our third-party providers and business partners may also be subjected to audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to compliance with information security and privacy laws and regulations, and noncompliance with the laws and regulations could result in substantial and material fines or class action litigation. 
 
 Additional risks related to government regulation are also described under " Health Care Legislation and Other Regulations " in the risk factor above titled " Because we operate globally, our business is subject to a variety of risks associated with international sales and operations. " 
 
 We may incur losses from product liability or other claims that could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical technologies. Our products are often used in surgical and intensive care settings with seriously ill patients. In addition, many of the devices we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time. Component failures, manufacturing and assembly flaws, design defects, software defects, medical procedure errors, or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or information could result in an unsafe condition, injury to, or death of, patients. Such problems could result in product liability, medical malpractice or other lawsuits and claims, safety alerts, or product recalls in the future. We establish reserves and may incur charges in excess of those reserves. Although we maintain product liability and other insurance with coverages we believe are adequate, product liability or other claims may exceed insurance coverage limits, fines, and penalties. In addition, regulatory sanctions may not be covered by insurance, or insurance may not continue to be available or available on commercially reasonable terms. These litigation matters and regulatory actions, recalls or other actions, regardless of outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and ability to attract and retain customers. 
 
 Use of our products in unapproved circumstances could expose us to liabilities. 
 
 The marketing approval from the FDA and other regulators of certain of our products are, or are expected to be, limited to specific indications. We are prohibited from marketing or promoting any unapproved use of our products. Physicians, however, can use these products in ways or circumstances other than those strictly within the scope of the regulatory approval. Although the product training we provide to physicians and other health care professionals is conducted in compliance with applicable laws, and therefore, is mainly limited to approved uses or for clinical trials, no assurance can be given that claims might not be asserted against us if our products are used in ways or for procedures that are not approved. 
 
 Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety regulations that could result in substantial costs. 
 
 Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws, and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, the cleanup of hazardous substance releases, and emissions or discharges into the air or water. We have incurred and may incur in the future expenditures in connection with environmental, health and safety laws, and regulations. New laws and regulations, violations of these laws or regulations, stricter enforcement of existing requirements, or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs or could become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could be material. 
 
 Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. 
 
 Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our future operations from natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, seismic events, wildfires, or flooding. Such extreme weather conditions could pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt operation of our supply chain and may impact operational costs. Concern over climate change could result in new legal or regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. If such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to 
 19 

Table of Contents 

meet the regulatory obligations, and it may adversely affect our raw material sourcing, manufacturing operations, and the distribution of our products. 
 
 We are subject to risks arising from concerns and/or regulatory actions relating to animal borne illnesses, including mad cow disease. 
 
 Certain of our products, including pericardial tissue valves, are manufactured using bovine tissue. Concerns relating to the potential transmission of animal borne illnesses, including BSE, commonly known as "mad cow disease," from cows to humans may result in reduced acceptance of products containing bovine materials. Certain medical device regulatory agencies have considered whether to continue to permit the sale of medical devices that incorporate bovine material. We obtain bovine tissue only from closely controlled sources within the United States and Australia. The bovine tissue used in our pericardial tissue valves is from tissue types considered by global health and regulatory organizations to have shown no risk of infectibility for the suspected BSE infectious agent. We have not experienced any significant adverse impact on our sales as a result of concerns regarding BSE, but no assurance can be given that such an impact may not occur in the future. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The locations and uses of our major properties are as follows: 
 North America Irvine, California (1) Corporate Headquarters, Research and Development, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs, Manufacturing, Marketing, Administration Draper, Utah (1),(2) Manufacturing, Administration Haina, Dominican Republic (1),(2) Manufacturing A asco, Puerto Rico (2) Manufacturing Central America Cartago, Costa Rica (1),(2) Manufacturing Europe Nyon, Switzerland (1) Administration, Marketing Prague, Czech Republic (2) Administration Shannon, Limerick, Ireland (1),(2) Manufacturing Asia Singapore (1),(2) Manufacturing, Distribution, Administration Tokyo, Japan (2) Administration, Marketing, Distribution Shanghai, China (2) Administration, Marketing Caesarea, Israel (2) Research and Development 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Owned property. 
 (2) Leased property. 
 
 We believe our properties have been well maintained, are in good operating condition, and are adequate for current needs. We do not anticipate difficulty in renewing existing leases as they expire or in finding alternative facilities. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 18 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements " of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE") under the symbol "EW." 
 
 Number of Stockholders 
 
 On January 31, 2023, there were 8,019 stockholders of record of our common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends. Our current policy is to retain any future earnings for use in our business. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) (b) October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 
 1,381,903 83.66 1,381,903 1,666.0 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 
 8,284,153 72.91 8,283,860 1,061.6 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 
 2,003,416 72.91 2,003,416 915.6 Total 11,669,472 74.18 11,669,179 
 (a) The difference between the total number of shares (or units) purchased and the total number of shares (or units) purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs is due to shares withheld by us to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units issued to employees. 
 
 (b) On May 4, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program providing for up to 1.0 billion of repurchases of our common stock. In July 2022, the Board of Directors approved an additional 1.5 billion of repurchases of our common stock under this program, effective July 28, 2022. Repurchases under the program may be made on the open market, including pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, and in privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the performance of our common stock with that of the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Health Care Equipment Index. The cumulative total return listed below assumes an initial investment of 100 at the market close on December 31, 2017 and reinvestment of dividends. Stockholder returns over the indicated period should not be considered indicative of future stockholder returns. 
 
 Total Cumulative Return 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Edwards Lifesciences 135.90 206.98 242.83 344.82 198.59 S P 500 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.89 S P 500 Health Care Equipment 116.24 150.32 176.83 211.05 171.25 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

22 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis presents the factors that had a material effect on our results of operations during the two years ended December 31, 2022. Also discussed is our financial position as of December 31, 2022. You should read this discussion in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. For a discussion related to the results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020 and a discussion related to our consolidated cash flows for 2021 compared to 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7, " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations " in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10 K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2022. 

Overview 
 
 We are the global leader in patient-focused medical innovations for structural heart disease and critical care monitoring. Driven by a passion to help patients, we partner with the world's leading clinicians and researchers and invest in research and development to transform care for those impacted by structural heart disease or who require hemodynamic monitoring during surgery or in intensive care. We conduct operations worldwide and are managed in the following geographical regions: United States, Europe, Japan, and Rest of World. Our products are categorized into the following areas: Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement ("TAVR"), Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies ("TMTT"), Surgical Structural Heart ("Surgical"), and Critical Care. 
 
 Financial Highlights and Market Update 
 
 COVID-19 and Macroeconomic Uncertainties 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may further adversely impact, nearly all aspects of our business and markets, including our workforce and the operations of our customers, suppliers, and business partners. Our priority has been to maintain access for patients to our life-saving technologies while providing continuous front-line support to our clinician partners, and protecting the well-being of our employees. Our manufacturing operations have continued to respond to impacts related to COVID-19, and we have been able to supply our technologies around the world. Across the organization, we are proactively managing inventory, assessing alternative logistics options, and closely monitoring the supply of components to address potential supply constraints. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2021, COVID-19 stressed the global healthcare system during the winter months. However, we saw strong recovery beginning in the second quarter of 2021 as widespread vaccine adoption contributed to an increased number of patients. However, the Delta variant had a significant impact on hospital resources during the last two months of the third quarter of 2021, and the Omicron variant had a significant impact during December 2021, especially in the United States. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

During the first quarter of 2022, the Omicron variant had a pronounced impact on hospital capacity, resources, and 
 procedure volumes in January 2022, especially in the United States. Our 2022 sales were also impacted by slower than expected improvement in United States hospital staffing shortages and foreign currency headwinds. In the second half of 2022, we faced COVID-19 headwinds in Japan, which created significant strain on hospital capacity. 
 
 In addition to the impacts described above, the global economy, including the financial and credit markets, has recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including increases to inflation rates, rising interest rates, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, and uncertainty about economic stability. The severity and duration of the impact of these conditions on our business cannot be predicted. See Item 1A, " Risk Factors ," for additional information. 
 
 2022 Financial Highlights 
 
 Despite the challenges to our business in 2022 due to COVID-19 and macroeconomic factors, our net sales for 2022 were 5.4 billion, representing an increase of 149.9 million over 2021, driven by sales growth of our TAVR products. 
 
 Our gross profit increase in 2022 was driven by our sales growth and the positive impact of our foreign currency hedging program. 
 
 The increase in our diluted earnings per share in 2022 was driven by a) the aforementioned increase in our gross profit and b) a decrease in our diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, driven by our increased share repurchase activity. This increase was partially offset by a) changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities, which resulted in a 121.6 million after tax gain in 2021 compared to a 35.0 million after tax gain in 2022, b) an after-tax charge of 47.0 million in 2022, primarily related to the impairment of intangible assets resulting from our decision to exit our HARPOON surgical mitral repair system program, and c) increased sales and marketing and research and development expenses in 2022. 
 
 Healthcare Environment, Opportunities, and Challenges 
 
 The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. Despite the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, our dedicated field teams have found creative ways to support physicians, our engineers continued to advance innovation, and our colleagues worked diligently to keep our clinical trials on track . In 2022, we invested 17.6 of our net sales in research and development. The following is a summary of important developments during 2022: 
 
 we received United States Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") approval for the MITRIS RESILIA valve, a tissue valve replacement specifically designed for the heart's mitral position; 
 we received CE Mark approval for the PASCAL Precision transcatheter valve repair system for patients suffering from mitral and tricuspid regurgitation, and FDA approval for PASCAL Precision for patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation; and 
 we launched the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve following FDA approval. 
 We are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality-of-life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 Net Sales by Major Regions 
 (dollars in millions) 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 United States 3,132.6 2,963.1 169.5 5.7 Europe 1,174.8 1,190.3 (15.5) (1.3) Japan 473.6 528.9 (55.3) (10.4) Rest of World 601.4 550.2 51.2 9.3 Outside of the United States 2,249.8 2,269.4 (19.6) (0.9) Total net sales 5,382.4 5,232.5 149.9 2.9 
 
 Net sales outside of the United States include the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. The impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on net sales is not necessarily indicative of the impact on net income due to the corresponding effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on international manufacturing and operating costs, and our hedging activities. For more information, see "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk." 
 
 Net Sales by Product Group 
 (dollars in millions) 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement 3,518.2 3,422.5 95.7 2.8 Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies 116.1 86.0 30.1 35.1 Surgical Heart Valve Therapy 893.1 889.1 4.0 0.4 Critical Care 855.0 834.9 20.1 2.4 Total net sales 5,382.4 5,232.5 149.9 2.9 
 
 Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

The increase in net sales of TAVR products was driven by: 
 
 higher sales of the Edwards SAPIEN platform in 2022, primarily the Edwards SAPIEN 3 Ultra valve in the United States, Europe, and Rest of World, the Edwards SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve in the United States, and the Edwards SAPIEN 3 in Japan; 
 
 partially offset by: 
 
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales outside of the United States by 140.2 million primarily due to the weakening of the Euro and the Japanese yen against the United States dollar. 
 
 During 2022, we continued to advance our EARLY TAVR pivotal trial, studying the treatment of severe aortic stenosis patients before their symptoms develop, and our PROGRESS pivotal trial, studying moderate aortic stenosis patients. During the second quarter of 2022, we began treating patients in our ALLIANCE pivotal trial, studying our next-generation TAVR technology, SAPIEN X4 , and during the fourth quarter of 2022, we began the introduction of the SAPIEN 3 Ultra Resilia valve in the United States. 
 
 Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies 
 
 The increase in net sales of TMTT products was due primarily to continued adoption of our PASCAL system in Europe. 
 
 During August 2022, we received European regulatory approval for PASCAL Precision for patients suffering from mitral 
 and tricuspid regurgitation, and in September 2022, we received FDA approval for PASCAL Precision for patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation. In mitral replacement, we continued to treat patients through the ENCIRCLE pivotal trial for SAPIEN M3 and completed enrollment in the MISCEND early feasibility study for EVOQUE Eos . We also continued to make progress in enrolling the TRISCEND II pivotal trial of the EVOQUE replacement system and the CLASP IITR pivotal trial with the PASCAL repair system in patients with symptomatic, severe tricuspid regurgitation. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Surgical Structural Heart 
 
 The increase in net sales of Surgical products was due primarily to strong adoption of the INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve, primarily in the United States and Europe, and the MITRIS RESILIA valve, primarily in the United States. These increases were partially offset by the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales outside of the United States by 46.5 million primarily due to the weakening of the Euro and the Japanese yen against the United States dollar. 
 
 In March 2022, we received FDA approval for the MITRIS RESILIA valve and initiated the product launch in the United States in April 2022. MITRIS RESILIA is a tissue valve replacement specifically designed for the heart's mitral position and incorporates our advanced RESILIA technology. In early 2023, we began enrolling patients in our MOMENTS clinical study to demonstrate the durability of RESILIA tissue in the mitral position. 
 
 Critical Care 
 
 The increase in net sales of Critical Care products was driven by: 
 
 increased demand for our capital products, primarily the HemoSphere monitoring platform in the United States and Japan; 
 27 

Table of Contents 

increased demand for our pressure monitoring products, primarily in the United States; and 
 
 increased demand for our enhanced surgical recovery products, primarily in the United States; 
 
 partially offset by: 
 
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales outside of the United States by 39.5 million primarily due to the weakening of the Japanese yen and the Euro against the United States dollar. 
 
 Gross Profit 

The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2022 compared to 2021 was driven primarily by a 3.6 percentage point increase from the impact of our foreign currency hedging program, which includes hedge contract gains and natural hedges (primarily the strengthening of the United States dollar against the Euro and the Japanese yen). 
 
 Selling, General, and Administrative ("SG A") Expenses 
 
 SG A expenses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to a resumption of in-person commercial activities following COVID-19 and higher field-based personnel-related costs, primarily TAVR and TMTT in the United States. Foreign 
 28 

Table of Contents 

currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased expenses by 63.1 million due primarily to the strengthening of the United States dollar against the Euro and the Japanese yen. 
 
 Research and Development ("R D") Expenses 
 
 R D expenses increased marginally in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to continued investments in our transcatheter innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration Liabilities, net 
 
 The change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities resulted in income of 35.8 million and 124.1 million in in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The income in 2022 was due to changes in projected probabilities of milestone achievement and our decision in the third quarter of 2022 to exit our HARPOON surgical mitral repair system program. The income in 2021 was attributable to changes in the projected probabilities of milestone achievements and the projected timing of cash inflows from product sales. 
 
 Special Charge 
 
 For information on special charge, see Note 4 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements. " 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense was 19.2 million and 18.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in interest expense resulted primarily from lower capitalized interest due to decreased facilities construction. 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Interest income was 35.5 million and 17.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in interest income resulted primarily from a higher average yield on our investments. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Other Income, net 
 (in millions) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Foreign exchange losses (gains), net 1.2 (5.0) Gain on insurance settlement (3.8) Loss (gain) on investments 1.1 (5.8) Non-service cost components of net periodic pension benefit cost (1.1) 0.3 Other (2.2) Total other income, net (2.6) (12.7) 
 
 The net foreign exchange losses (gains) relate to the foreign currency fluctuations primarily in our global trade and intercompany receivable and payable balances, partially offset by the gains and losses on foreign currency derivative instruments. 
 
 The gain on insurance settlement relates to an insurance recovery for damaged cargo shipments of heart valves. 
 
 The loss (gain) on investments primarily represents our net share of gains and losses in investments accounted for under the equity method, and realized gains and losses on investments in equity securities. 
 
 The non-service cost components of net periodic pension benefit cost includes the costs or gains of our defined benefit plans that are not attributed to services rendered by eligible employees during the year, such as interest costs, expected return on plan assets, and amortization of actuarial gains or losses. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 in millions) 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Provision for income taxes 245.5 198.9 46.6 23.4 Effective tax rate 13.9 11.7 
 
 Our effective income tax rate in 2022 and 2021 was 13.9 and 11.7 , respectively. Our effective tax rate for 2022 increased in comparison to 2021 primarily due to the decrease in the tax benefit from the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities and the decrease in the excess tax benefit from employee share-based compensation. 
 
 In 2022, the difference between our 13.9 effective tax rate and the Federal statutory rate of 21 was primarily due to (1) foreign earnings taxed at lower rates, (2) Federal and California research and development credits, (3) the excess tax benefit from employee share-based compensation and (4) the tax benefit from the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 189.8 million of gross California research expenditure tax credits that we expect to use in future periods. The credits may be carried forward indefinitely. Based upon anticipated future taxable income, we expect that it is more likely than not that all California research expenditure tax credits will be utilized, although the utilization of the full benefit is expected to occur over a number of years into the distant future. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our gross uncertain tax positions were 475.3 million. We estimate that these liabilities would be reduced by 182.1 million from offsetting tax benefits associated with the correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes, and timing adjustments. The net amount of 293.2 million, if not required, would favorably affect our effective tax rate. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and other taxing authorities are in different stages of examining various years of our tax filings. During these audits, we may receive proposed audit adjustments that could be material. Therefore, there is a possibility that an adverse outcome in these audits could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. While we have accrued for matters we believe are more likely than not to 
 30 

Table of Contents 

require settlement, the eventual outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we may later decide to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise our right to appeal. The uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. We believe that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions. 
 
 We executed an Advance Pricing Agreement APA in 2018 between the United States and Switzerland governments for tax years 2009 through 2020 covering various, but not all, transfer pricing matters. The unagreed transfer pricing matters, namely Surgical Structural Heart and Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (collectively "Surgical/TAVR") intercompany royalty transactions, then reverted to IRS examination for further consideration as part of the respective years' regular tax audits. In addition, we executed other bilateral APAs as follows: during 2017, an APA between the United States and Japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019; and during 2018, APAs between Japan and Singapore and between Switzerland and Japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019. We have filed to renew all the APAs which cover transactions with Japan for the years 2020 and forward. An APA between Switzerland and Japan covering tax years 2020 through 2024 was executed in 2021. The execution of the other APA renewals depends on many variables outside of our control. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, all material state, local, and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2015. While not material, we continue to address matters in India for years from 2010 and on. 
 
 The audits of our United States federal income tax returns through 2014 have been closed. The IRS fieldwork for the 2015 through 2017 tax years was completed during the second quarter of 2021, except for transfer pricing and related matters. The IRS began its examination of the 2018 through 2020 tax years during the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 During 2021, we received a Notice of Proposed Adjustment NOPA from the IRS for the 2015-2017 tax years relating to transfer pricing involving certain Surgical/TAVR intercompany royalty transactions between our United States and Switzerland subsidiaries. The NOPA proposes an increase to our United States taxable income, which could result in additional tax expense for this period of approximately 210 million and represents a significant change to previously agreed upon transfer pricing methodologies for these types of transactions. We have formally disagreed with the NOPA and submitted a formal protest on the matter during the fourth quarter of 2021. During the second quarter of 2022, we received the IRS's rebuttal to our protest and were notified that the case had been transferred to the IRS Independent Office of Appeals. The opening conference is scheduled for the first quarter of 2023. We continue to evaluate all possible remedies available to us, which could take several years to resolve. We believe the amounts previously accrued related to this uncertain tax position are sufficient and, accordingly, have not accrued any additional amount based on the NOPA received. While no payment of any amount related to the NOPA is required to be made, if at all, until all applicable proceedings have been completed, we made an advance payment of tax in November 2022 to prevent the further accrual of interest on any potential deficiency. 
 
 Certain Surgical/TAVR intercompany royalty transactions covering tax years 2015 through 2022 that were not resolved under the APA program remain subject to IRS examination, and those transactions and related tax positions remain uncertain as of December 31, 2022. We have considered this information, as well as information regarding the NOPA and rebuttal described above, in our evaluation of our uncertain tax positions. The impact of these unresolved transfer pricing matters, net of any correlative repatriation tax adjustment, may be significant to our consolidated financial statements. Based on the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate what, if any, changes in our existing uncertain tax positions may occur in the next 12 months and, therefore, have continued to record the uncertain tax positions as a long-term liability. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was signed into law. The IRA includes, among other provisions, changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system, including (1) a 15 minimum tax based on adjusted financial statement income, which is effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, and (2) a one percent excise tax on net repurchases of stock after December 31, 2022. While we continue to evaluate the IRA and its application to our business, we do not expect the IRA will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We have received tax incentives in certain non-United States tax jurisdictions, the primary benefit for which will expire in 2029. The tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rates were 247.4 million 0.40 per diluted share) and 208.0 million 0.33 per diluted share) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

31 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash from operations, and amounts available under credit facilities. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current and long-term requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments. However, we periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. 
 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the "2017 Act") included extensive changes to the international tax regime. The 2017 Act required a deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings and profits. The one-time transition tax liability, as adjusted, is payable in three remaining annual installments, as outlined in the contractual obligations table presented under "Material Cash Requirements" below. As of December 31, 2022, we had a remaining tax obligation of 188.5 million related to the deemed repatriation. See Note 17 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements " for additional information about the one-time transition tax. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held in the United States and outside of the United States were 731.8 million and 483.5 million, respectively. During 2022, we repatriated cash of 934.0 million. We assert that 1.0 billion of our foreign earnings continue to be permanently reinvested and our intent is to repatriate 580.8 million of our foreign earnings as of December 31, 2022. The estimated net tax liability on the indefinitely reinvested earnings if repatriated is 14.9 million. 
 
 We had a Five-Year Credit Agreement (the "Prior Credit Agreement") which was scheduled to mature on April 28, 2023 and provided up to an aggregate of 750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. In July 2022, we entered into a new Five-Year Credit Agreement (the "New Credit Agreement") which provides for a 750.0 million multi-currency unsecured revolving credit facility and replaced the Prior Credit Agreement. The New Credit Agreement matures on July 15, 2027. We may increase the amount available under the New Credit Agreement by up to an additional 250.0 million in the aggregate and extend the maturity date for an additional year, subject to agreement of the lenders. The New Credit Agreement contains various financial and other covenants, including a maximum leverage ratio, as defined in the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, no amounts were outstanding, and we were in compliance with all covenants under the New Credit Agreement. 
 
 In June 2018, we issued 600.0 million of 4.3 fixed-rate unsecured senior notes (the "2018 Notes") due June 15, 2028. We may redeem the 2018 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at specified redemption prices. As of December 31, 2022, we have not elected to redeem any of the 2018 Notes. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the 2018 Notes was 596.3 million. For further information on our debt, see Note 10 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements ." 
 
 From time to time, we repurchase shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the Board of Directors. We consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of our common stock. During 2022, under the Board authorized repurchase program, we repurchased a total of 20.0 million shares at an aggregate cost of 1.7 billion. As of December 31, 2022, we had remaining authority to purchase 915.6 million of our common stock under the share repurchase program. 
 
 Certain of our business acquisitions involve contingent consideration arrangements. Payment of additional consideration in the future may be required, contingent upon the acquired business reaching certain performance milestones, such as attaining specified revenue levels or obtaining regulatory approvals. For further information, see Note 11 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements. " 
 
 We have purchased options to acquire and have agreed to provide promissory notes to various entities. These arrangements could result in additional cash outlays in the future should we decide to exercise the options or should the entities draw on the promissory notes. For further information, see Note 8 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements. " 
 
 On July 12, 2020, we reached the Settlement Agreement with Abbott to settle all outstanding patent disputes between the companies in cases related to transcatheter mitral and tricuspid repair products. The Settlement Agreement resulted in us recording an estimated 367.9 million pretax charge in June 2020 related to past damages. In addition, we will incur royalty expenses through May 2024 totaling an estimated 70 million. We made a one-time 100.0 million payment to Abbott in July 2020, and are making quarterly payments in subsequent years. For further information, see Note 3 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements. " 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Cash Flows - For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities of 1.2 billion for 2022 decreased 513.9 million from 2021 due to an increase in tax payments, an increase in inventory builds compared to the prior year, and a higher bonus payout in 2022 associated with 2021 performance. 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities of 252.3 million in 2022 consisted primarily of net proceeds from investments of 661.0 million, partially offset by capital expenditures of 244.6 million and payments of 109.6 million for options to acquire other companies. For further information, see Note 8 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements. " 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 1.7 billion in 2021 consisted primarily of net purchases of investments of 1.4 billion and capital expenditures of 325.8 million. 
 
 We currently anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately 300.0 million in 2023 as we continue to invest in our operations. 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 1.6 billion in 2022 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of 1.7 billion, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of 146.4 million. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 356.3 million in 2021 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of 512.8 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of 158.6 million. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 
 A summary of our material cash requirements as of December 31, 2022 is as follows (in millions): 
 Payments Due by Period Contractual Obligations Total Year 1 Years 2-3 Years 4-5 After 5 Years Debt 600.0 600.0 Operating leases 102.7 27.0 31.0 18.7 26.0 Interest on debt 106.4 19.6 39.3 38.9 8.6 Transition tax on unremitted foreign earnings and profits (a) 188.5 47.1 141.4 Litigation settlement obligation (minimum payments) 162.5 50.0 100.0 12.5 Pension obligations (b) 2.4 2.4 Purchase and other commitments (c) 34.3 18.5 12.0 2.8 1.0 Total contractual cash obligations (d), (e) 1,196.8 164.6 323.7 72.9 635.6 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (a) As of December 31, 2022, we had recorded 188.5 million of income tax liabilities related to the one-time transition tax that resulted from the enactment of the 2017 Act. The transition tax is due in eight annual installments, with the first five installments paid in 2018 through 2022. The remaining installment amounts will be equal to 15 of the total liability payable in 2023, 20 in 2024, and 25 in 2025. See Note 17 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements " for additional information about the one-time transition tax. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

(b) The amount included in "Less Than 1 Year" reflects anticipated contributions to our various pension plans. Anticipated contributions beyond one year are not determinable. The total accrued benefit liability for our pension plans recognized as of December 31, 2022 was 23.5 million. This amount is impacted by, among other items, pension expense funding levels, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and investment returns on plan assets. Therefore, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table. See Note 13 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements " for further information. 
 
 (c) Purchase and other commitments consists primarily of open purchase orders for the acquisition of goods and services in the normal course of business. We have excluded open purchase orders with a remaining term of less than one year. For certain purchase and other commitments, such as commitments to fund equity method or other investments, the timing of the payment is not certain. In these cases, the maturity dates in the table reflect our best estimates. 
 
 (d) As of December 31, 2022, the gross liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest, was 519.8 million and relates primarily to transfer pricing matters which are discussed in detail in Note 17 to the "Consolidated Financial Statements." Based upon the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table. 
 
 (e) We acquire assets still in development, enter into research and development arrangements, acquire businesses, and sponsor certain clinical trials that often require milestone, royalty, or other future payments to third-parties, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events. In situations where we have no ability to influence the achievement of the milestone or otherwise avoid the payment, we have included those payments in the table above. However, we have excluded from the table contingent milestone payments and other contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments or for which we can avoid making payment by unilaterally deciding to stop development of a product or cease progress of a clinical trial. We estimate that these contingent payments could be up to 810.0 million if all milestones or other contingent obligations are met. This amount includes certain milestone-based contingent obligations that may be paid through a combination of cash and issuance of common stock, and certain sales-based royalties in excess of minimum payment thresholds related to litigation settlements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our results of operations and financial position are determined based upon the application of our accounting policies, as discussed in the notes to the " Consolidated Financial Statements ." Certain of our accounting policies represent a selection among acceptable alternatives under GAAP. In evaluating our transactions, management assesses all relevant GAAP and chooses the accounting policy that most accurately reflects the nature of the transactions. 
 
 The application of accounting policies requires the use of judgments and estimates. These matters that are subject to judgments and estimates are inherently uncertain, and different amounts could be reported using different assumptions and estimates. Management uses its best estimates and judgments in determining the appropriate amount to reflect in the consolidated financial statements, using historical experience and all available information. We also use outside experts where appropriate. We apply estimation methodologies consistently from year to year. 
 
 We believe the following are the critical accounting policies which could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 When we recognize revenue from the sale of our products, the amount of consideration we ultimately receive varies depending upon the return terms, sales rebates, discounts, and other incentives that we may offer, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. The estimate of variable consideration requires significant judgment. We include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. The estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely upon an assessment of historical payment experience, historical relationship to revenues, estimated customer inventory levels, and current contract sales terms with direct and indirect customers. Product returns are typically not significant because returns are generally not allowed unless the product is damaged at time of receipt. If the historical data and inventory estimates used to calculate the variable consideration do not approximate future activity, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be impacted. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

In addition, in limited circumstances, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products, such as for next-generation product offerings. For these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount of product to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. Uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, and variation in product utilization all affect the estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates. 
 
 Our sales adjustment related to distributor rebates given to our United States distributors represents the difference between our sales price to the distributor and the negotiated price to be paid by the end-customer. We validate the distributor rebate accrual quarterly through either a review of the inventory reports obtained from our distributors or an estimate of the distributor's inventory. This distributor inventory information is used to verify the estimated liability for future distributor rebate claims based on historical rebates and contract rates. We periodically monitor current pricing trends and distributor inventory levels to ensure the credit for future distributor rebates is fairly stated. 
 
 Intangible Assets and Long-lived Assets 
 
 We acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations and asset purchases. The acquired intangible assets are recorded at fair value, which is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. The determination of fair value requires significant estimates, including, but not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows, the assessment of the asset's life cycle, including the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects, and the consideration of legal, technical, regulatory, economic, and competitive risks. 
 
 In-process research and development assets acquired in business combinations is reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. Additionally, management reviews the carrying amounts of other intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of an asset may not be recoverable. The impairment reviews require significant estimates about fair value, including estimation of future cash flows, selection of an appropriate discount rate, and estimates of long-term growth rates. 
 
 Contingent Consideration 
 
 We record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. We determine the fair value of the contingent consideration based primarily on the following factors: 
 
 discount rates used to present value the projected cash flows; 
 
 the probability of success of clinical events and regulatory approvals, and/or meeting commercial milestones; and 
 
 projected payment dates. 
 
 On a quarterly basis, we revalue these obligations and record changes in their fair value as an adjustment to earnings. Changes to contingent consideration obligations can result from adjustments to discount rates, accretion of the discount rates due to the passage of time, changes in our estimates of the likelihood or timing of achieving development or commercial milestones, changes in the probability of certain clinical events, or changes in the assumed probability associated with regulatory approval. 
 
 The assumptions related to determining the value of contingent consideration include a significant amount of judgment, and any changes in the underlying estimates could have a material impact on the amount of contingent consideration expense recorded in any given period. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Realization of certain deferred tax assets, primarily tax credits, net operating loss and other carryforwards, is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. Failure to achieve forecasted taxable income in the applicable taxing jurisdictions could affect the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets and could result in an increase in our effective tax rate on future earnings. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

We have made an accounting policy election to recognize the United States tax effects of global intangible low-taxed income as a component of income tax expense in the period the tax arises. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. These audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income amongst various tax jurisdictions. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions, including estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. We review these tax uncertainties quarterly and adjust the liability as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as the progress of tax audits, lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. 
 
 For additional details on our income taxes, see Note 2 and Note 17 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements ." 
 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 
 We measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards based on estimated fair values. Stock-based awards consist of stock options, service-based restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase subscriptions. The fair value of each option award and employee stock purchase subscription is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The fair value of market-based restricted stock units is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which uses multiple input variables to determine the probability of satisfying the market condition requirements. The Black-Scholes and Monte Carlo models require various highly judgmental assumptions, including stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected option term. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures. Judgment is required in estimating the stock awards that will ultimately be forfeited. If actual results differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations would be impacted. 
 
 Legal Contingencies 
 
 We are or may be a party to, or may otherwise be responsible for, pending or threatened lawsuits, including those related to products and services currently or formerly manufactured or performed by us, workplace and employment matters, matters involving real estate, our operations or health care regulations, or governmental investigations. We accrue for loss contingencies to the extent that we conclude that it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If a reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss cannot be made, but a range of probable losses can be estimated, the low-end of the range of losses is recognized if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other. If we determine that a loss is possible, but not probable, and the range of the loss can be reasonably determined, then we disclose the range of the possible loss. These matters raise difficult and complex factual and legal issues and are subject to many uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the facts and circumstances of each particular case or claim, the jurisdiction in which each suit is brought, and differences in applicable law. As such, significant judgment is required in determining our legal accruals. We describe our legal proceedings in Note 18 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements. " 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 
 Information regarding new accounting standards is included in Note 2 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements." 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Our business and financial results are affected by fluctuations in world financial markets, including changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates. We manage these risks through a combination of normal operating and financing activities and derivative financial instruments. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio and our long-term debt. Our investment strategy is focused on preserving capital and supporting our liquidity requirements, while earning a reasonable market return. We invest in a variety of debt securities, primarily time deposits, commercial paper, United States and foreign government and agency securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, and municipal debt securities. The market value of our investments may decline if current market interest rates rise. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.6 billion of investments in debt securities which had an average remaining term to maturity of 0.98 years. Taking into consideration the 
 36 

Table of Contents 

average maturity of our debt securities, a hypothetical 0.5 to 1.0 absolute increase in interest rates at December 31, 2022 would have resulted in a 7.8 million to 15.5 million decrease in the fair value of these investments. Such a decrease would only result in a realized loss if we choose or are forced to sell the investments before the scheduled maturity, which we currently do not anticipate. 
 
 For more information related to investments, see Note 7 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements. " 
 
 We are also exposed to interest rate risk on our debt obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 600.0 million of 2018 Notes outstanding that carry a fixed rate, and also had available a 750.0 million Credit Agreement that carries a variable interest rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement. Based on our December 31, 2022 variable debt levels, a hypothetical 1.0 absolute increase in floating market interest rates would not have impacted our interest expense since we had no variable debt outstanding during the year. As of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 1.0 absolute increase in market interest rates would decrease the fair value of the fixed-rate debt by approximately 26.7 million. This hypothetical change in interest rates would not impact the interest expense on the fixed-rate debt. 
 
 For more information related to outstanding debt obligations, see Note 10 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements. " 
 
 Currency Risk 
 
 We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These risks include the translation of local currency balances and results of our non-United States subsidiaries into United States dollars, currency gains and losses related to intercompany and third-party transactions denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary's functional currency, and currency gains and losses associated with intercompany loans. Our principal currency exposures relate to the Euro and the Japanese yen. Our objective is to minimize the volatility of our exposure to these risks through a combination of normal operating and financing activities and the use of derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency forward exchange contracts and cross currency swap contracts. The total notional amount of our derivative financial instruments entered into for foreign currency management purposes at December 31, 2022 was 2.0 billion. A hypothetical 10 increase (or decrease) in the value of the United States dollar against all hedged currencies would increase (or decrease) the fair value of these derivative contracts by 158.2 million. Any gains or losses on the fair value of derivative contracts would generally be offset by gains and losses on the underlying transactions, so the net impact would not be significant to our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 For more information related to outstanding foreign exchange contracts, see Note 2 and Note 12 to the " Consolidated Financial Statements. " 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 Derivative financial instruments involve credit risk in the event the financial institution counterparty should default. It is our policy to execute such instruments with major financial institutions that we believe to be creditworthy. At December 31, 2022, all derivative financial instruments were with bank counterparties assigned investment grade ratings by national rating agencies. We further diversify our derivative financial instruments among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. We have not experienced a counterparty default and do not anticipate any non-performance by our current derivative counterparties. 
 
 Concentrations of Risk 
 
 We invest excess cash in a variety of debt securities, and diversify the investments between financial institutions. Our investment policy limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. 
 
 In the normal course of business, we provide credit to customers in the health care industry, perform credit evaluations of these customers, and maintain allowances for potential credit losses, which have historically been adequate compared to actual losses. In 2022, we had no customers that represented 10 or more of our total net sales or accounts receivable, net. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Investment Risk 
 
 We are exposed to investment risks related to changes in the underlying financial condition and credit capacity of certain of our investments. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.6 billion of investments in debt securities of various companies, of which 1.1 billion were long-term. In addition, we had 108.3 million of investments in equity instruments. Should these companies experience a decline in financial performance, financial condition or credit capacity, or fail to meet certain development milestones, a decline in the investments' value may occur, resulting in unrealized or realized losses. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 40 
 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 42 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 46 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 47 
 All other schedules are omitted as they are not applicable or the required information is furnished in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions Related to Intercompany Transfer Pricing 
 
 As described in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had an uncertain gross tax position liability balance of 475.3 million as of December 31, 2022, of which a majority is related to intercompany transfer pricing. As disclosed by management, the Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The Company s income tax returns in these jurisdictions are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. These audits include questions regarding the Company s tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income amongst various tax jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required by management in evaluating uncertain tax positions, including estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to uncertain tax positions related to intercompany transfer pricing is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when determining uncertain tax positions related to intercompany transfer pricing, including a high degree of estimation uncertainty in estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, effort, and subjectivity in performing procedures to evaluate the accurate measurement of uncertain tax positions related to intercompany transfer pricing. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to intercompany transfer pricing, and controls over measurement of the liability. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the information used in the calculation of the liability for uncertain tax positions related to intercompany transfer pricing, including US federal filing positions, and the related final income tax returns; (ii) testing the calculation of the liability for uncertain tax positions related to intercompany transfer pricing, by jurisdiction, including management s assessment of the technical merits of tax positions and estimates of the amount of tax benefit expected to be sustained; (iii) testing management s assessment of possible outcomes of uncertain tax positions related to intercompany transfer pricing controversies between countries; and (iv) evaluating the status and results of income tax audits with the relevant tax authorities. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the accurate measurement of the Company s uncertain tax positions related to intercompany transfer pricing, including evaluating the reasonableness of management s assessment of whether tax positions are more-likely-than not to be sustained and the amount of potential tax benefit to be realized, and the application of relevant tax laws. 

/s/ 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except par value) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments (Note 7) Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Other receivables Inventories (Note 5) Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Long-term investments (Note 7) Property, plant, and equipment, net (Note 5) Operating lease right-of-use assets (Note 6) Goodwill (Note 9) Other intangible assets, net (Note 9) Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued and other liabilities (Note 5) Operating lease liabilities (Note 6) Total current liabilities Long-term debt (Note 10) Contingent consideration liabilities (Notes 8 and 11) Taxes payable (Note 17) Operating lease liabilities (Note 6) Uncertain tax positions (Note 17) Litigation settlement accrual (Note 3) Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Notes 6, 10, and 18) Stockholders' equity (Note 14) 
 Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares, shares outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued, and and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss (Note 15) ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share information) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Intellectual property litigation expenses, net (Note 3) Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, net (Note 11) ) ) Special charge (Note 4) Operating income Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) Other income, net (Note 16) ) ) ) Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes (Note 17) Net income Share information (Note 2): 
 Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax (Note 15): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on hedges ) ) Unrealized pension credits (costs) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale investments ) ) Reclassification of net realized investment loss to earnings Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash operating lease cost Stock-based compensation (Notes 2 and 14) Impairment charges (Note 4) Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, net (Note 11) ) ) Loss (gain) on investments, net ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts and other receivables, net ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Litigation settlement accrual ) ) Income taxes ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchases of held-to-maturity investments (Note 7) ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of held-to-maturity investments (Note 7) Purchases of available-for-sale investments (Note 7) ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of available-for-sale investments (Note 7) Payment for acquisition option (Note 8) ) ) ) Issuances of notes receivable ) ) ) Collections of notes receivable Investments in intangible assets ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of debt Payments on debt and finance lease obligations ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Proceeds from stock plans Other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in millions) 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Shares Par Value Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Common stock issued under equity plans 
 Stock-based compensation expense Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Stock issued to effect stock split ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Common stock issued under equity plans 
 Stock-based compensation expense Purchases of treasury stock ) ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Common stock issued under equity plans 
 Stock-based compensation expense Purchases of treasury stock ) ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

2. 

47 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

to months, to owners of its hemodynamic monitors. The Company invoices the customer the total amount of consideration at the inception of the contract and recognizes revenue ratably over the term of the contract. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of deferred revenue associated with outstanding service contracts was recorded in Accrued and Other Liabilities and " Other Liabilities. " During 2022, the Company recognized as revenue million that was included in the balance of deferred revenue as of December 31, 2021, and during 2021, the Company recognized as revenue million that was included in the balance of deferred revenue as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 A limited number of the Company s contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations. For these contracts, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price charged to other customers. 
 
 The Company applies the optional exemption of not disclosing the amount of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less. 
 
 Shipping and Handling Costs 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, shipping costs of million, million, and million, respectively, were included in " Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses ." 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

of the investee's outstanding voting stock, under the equity method of accounting. These investments are recorded at the amount of the Company's investment and adjusted each period for the Company's share of the investee's income or loss, and dividends paid. 
 
 Realized gains and losses on investments that are sold are determined using the specific identification method, or the first-in, first-out method, depending on the investment type, and recorded to " Other Income, net ." Income relating to investments in debt securities is recorded to " Interest Income. " 
 
 Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are considered impaired when there is an indication that the fair value of the Company's interest is less than the carrying amount. Equity method investments are considered impaired when there is an indication of an other-than-temporary decline in value below the carrying amount. Impairments of equity investments are recorded in " Other Income, net. " 

to days. The Company does not adjust its receivables for the effects of a significant financing component at contract inception if collection of the receivable is expected within one year or less from the time of sale. In countries where the Company has experienced a pattern of payments extending beyond the stated terms and collection of the receivable is expected beyond one year from the time of sale, the Company assesses whether the customer has a significant financing component and discounts the receivable and reduces the related revenues over the period of time that the Company estimates those amounts will be paid using the country s market-based borrowing rate for such period. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

prior to expiration), or slow moving (generally defined as quantities in excess of a supply). 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company allocated million, million, and million, respectively, of general and administrative costs to inventory. General and administrative costs included in inventory at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of the Company's finished goods inventories were held on consignment. 
 
 to years for buildings and improvements, from to years for machinery and equipment, and from to years for software. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the related facility leases or the asset, whichever is shorter. Straight-line and accelerated methods of depreciation are used for income tax purposes. Construction in progress is not depreciated until the asset is ready for its intended use. 
 
 Depreciation expense for property, plant, and equipment was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

50 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

million impairment of certain developed technology and in-process research and development assets. For further information, see Note 4. In 2021 and 2020, the Company did t record any impairment loss related to its in-process research and development assets. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted: Net income Weighted-average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of stock plans Dilutive weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted earnings per share 
 
 Outstanding stock options, unvested restricted stock units, and unvested market-based restricted stock units to purchase approximately million, million, and million shares for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Total stock-based compensation expense Income tax benefit ) ) ) Total stock-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 
 of service-based restricted stock units for each full year of employment with the Company measured from the grant date. All remaining unvested service-based restricted stock units are immediately forfeited. For market-based restricted stock units, upon retirement and in certain other specified cases, a participant will receive a pro-rated portion of the shares that would ultimately be issued based on attainment of the performance goals as determined on the vesting date. The pro-rated portion is based on the participant's whole months of service with the Company during the performance period prior to the date of termination. 
 
 months (designated as cash flow hedges), (2) its net investment in certain foreign subsidiaries (designated as net investment hedges) and (3) foreign currency denominated assets or liabilities (designated as fair value hedges). The Company also uses foreign currency forward exchange contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments to offset the transaction gains and losses associated with the revaluation of certain assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies, resulting principally from intercompany and local currency transactions. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

3. 
 
 million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 On July 12, 2020, the Company reached an agreement with Abbott Laboratories and its direct and indirect subsidiaries ("Abbott") to, among other things, settle all outstanding patent disputes between the companies (the Settlement Agreement in cases related to transcatheter mitral and tricuspid repair products. The Settlement Agreement resulted in the Company recording an estimated million pre-tax charge and related liability in June 2020 related to past damages. In addition, the Company will incur royalty expenses through May 2024 totaling an estimated million. The Company made a one-time million payment to Abbott in July 2020, and is making quarterly payments in subsequent years. As of December 31, 2022, million was accrued in " Accrued and other liabilities " and million was accrued in " Litigation 
 settlement accrual " on the consolidated balance sheet. 

4. 
 
 million, of which million was included in " Special Charge " and million was included in " Cost of Sales " on the consolidated statements of operations. The charge primarily related to the full impairment of intangible assets associated with the technology for million (see Note 8 and Note 9) and other related exit costs. The Company believes that no additional contingent consideration is due and, in September 2022, recorded an million contingent consideration gain associated with the exit (see Note 11). 

54 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

5. 
 
 Work in process Finished products Property, plant, and equipment, net Land Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Equipment with customers Software Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Accrued and other liabilities Employee compensation and withholdings Accrued rebates Property, payroll, and other taxes Research and development accruals Legal and insurance (Notes 3 and 18) Taxes payable Fair value of derivatives Accrued marketing expenses Accrued professional services Accrued realignment reserves Accrued relocation costs Other accrued liabilities 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 5. OTHER CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT DETAILS (Continued) 

 Income taxes Amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 Non-cash investing and financing transactions: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities Capital expenditures accruals Conversion of notes receivable to equity investment 
 
 Restricted cash included in other current assets Restricted cash included in other assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 Amounts included in restricted cash primarily represent funds placed in escrow related to litigation and real estate purchases. Restricted cash as of December 31, 2020 also included funds restricted for construction. 

6. 
 
 year to years, some of which include options to extend or terminate the leases. 
 
 Operating lease costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. Short-term and variable lease costs were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion Operating lease liabilities, long-term portion Total operating lease liabilities 

56 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 6. LEASES (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments 
 Less: imputed interest 
 ) Total lease liabilities 

The following table provides information on the lease terms and discount rates: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 million for office spaces that have not yet commenced. 

7. 
 
 Available-for-sale Bank time deposits Commercial paper United States government and agency securities ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 7. INVESTMENTS (Continued) 

Due after 1 year through 5 years Due after 5 years through 10 years Instruments not due at a single maturity date (a) 
 
 _______________________________________ 
 (a) Consists of mortgage- and asset-backed securities. 
 
 Actual maturities may differ from the contractual maturities due to call or prepayment rights. 
 
 ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses U.S. government and agency securities ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) ) 
 
 The Company reviews its investments in debt securities to determine if there has been an other-than-temporary decline in fair value. Consideration is given to 1) the length of time and the extent to which the security's fair value has been below cost, 2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, including the credit quality of the security's issuer, 3) the Company's intent to sell the security, and 4) whether it is more likely than not the Company will have to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost. During 2022, the decline in fair value of the debt securities was largely due to changes in interest rates, not credit quality, and as of December 31, 2022, the Company did not intend to sell the securities, and it was not more likely than not that it will be required to sell the securities, before recovery of the unrealized losses, and therefore, the unrealized losses are considered temporary. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 7. INVESTMENTS (Continued) 

Equity securities Carrying value of non-marketable equity securities Total investments in unconsolidated entities 
 
 During 2022, the Company made million of equity investments in limited liability companies that invest in qualified community development entities ("CDEs") through the New Markets Tax Credit ("NMTC") program. The NMTC program provides federal tax incentives to investors to make investments in distressed communities and promotes economic improvements through the development of successful businesses in these communities. The NMTC is equal to of the qualified investment and is taken over . These limited liability companies are variable interest entities ("VIEs"). The Company determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs because it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIEs, and therefore the Company does not consolidate these entities. Instead, the NMTC investments are accounted for as equity method investments. 
 
 Non-marketable equity securities consist of investments in privately held companies without readily determinable fair values, and are reported at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. During 2022, the Company recorded an upward adjustment of million based on observable price changes and a downward adjustment of million due to an impairment. During 2021, the Company recorded an upward adjustment of million based on observable price changes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded cumulative upward adjustments of million based on observable price changes, and cumulative downward adjustments of million due to impairments and observable price changes. 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the gross realized gains or losses from sales of available-for-sale investments were not material. 

8. 
 
 million impairment charge to fully write off the in-process research and development assets. See Note 4 for further information. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 8. ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

 million of additional research and development expenditures would be incurred prior to the date of product introduction and that net cash inflows would commence in late 2018. As a result of certain design enhancements to increase the product's commercial life and applicability to a broader group of patients, the Company has incurred incremental research and development expenditures; however, the Company expects an increase in the net cash inflows, commencing in 2024. 
 
 Upon completion of development, the underlying research and development intangible assets will be amortized over their estimated useful lives. 
 
 Certain of the Company's business acquisitions involve contingent consideration arrangements. Payment of additional consideration in the future may be required, contingent upon the acquired business reaching certain performance milestones, such as attaining specified sales levels or obtaining regulatory approvals. See Note 11 for further information. 
 
 Investments in Variable Interest Entities 
 
 Edwards has relationships with various variable interest entities that it does not consolidate as Edwards lacks the power to direct the activities that significantly impact the economic success of these entities. The Company's maximum loss exposure to variable interest entities, prior to the exercise of options to acquire the entities, is limited to its investments in the variable interest entities, which include equity investments, options to acquire, and promissory notes. 
 
 In August 2022, the Company entered into an option agreement with a medical device company. Under the option agreement, Edwards paid million for an option to acquire the medical device company. The million option is included in " Other Assets " on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 In June 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note and amended its existing warrant agreement with a medical device company. Under the convertible promissory note agreement, the Company has agreed to loan the medical device company up to million, of which million has been advanced as of December 31, 2022 . In addition, the Company amended its warrant agreement under which the Company had previously paid million for an option to acquire the medical device company. The amendment extends the warrant right period. The million warrant and the million note receivable are included in " Other Assets " on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 In May 2022, the Company entered into an option agreement with a medical technology company. Under the option agreement, Edwards paid million for an option to acquire the medical technology company, of which million was paid in 2021. The million option is included in " Other Assets " on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 In April 2021, the Company recorded million, included in " Long-term Investments, " related to its investment in a privately-held medical device company (the "Investee"), including an initial cash investment in the Investee's preferred equity securities and other consideration. Also, in April 2021, the Company paid million, included in " Other Assets, " for an option to acquire the Investee. Per the agreement, the Company may be required to invest up to an additional million in the Investee's preferred equity securities and up to an additional million for the option to acquire the Investee, depending on the achievement of certain milestones, of which the Company invested million in the fourth quarter of 2021 upon achievement of the first milestone. The Company also agreed to loan the Investee up to million under a secured promissory note. As of December 31, 2022 , there had been borrowings under this secured promissory note. 
 
 In addition, Edwards has made equity investments through the NMTC program in limited liability companies that are considered VIEs. For more information, see Note 7. 

9. 

60 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 9. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued) 

million impairment charge related to certain of its developed technology and in-process research and development assets. See Note 4 for further information. 
 
 Currency translation adjustment ) ) Goodwill at December 31, 2021 
 Currency translation adjustment ) ) Goodwill at December 31, 2022 

) ) Developed technology ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets In-process research and development ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense related to other intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

10. 
 
 million of fixed-rate unsecured senior notes (the "Notes") due June 15, 2028. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears, with payments due in June and December of each year. The Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at specified redemption prices. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events, the Company may be required to repurchase all or a portion of the Notes at a price equal to of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Notes also include covenants that limit the Company's ability to incur secured indebtedness, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, and consolidate, merge, or transfer all or substantially all of its assets. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 10. DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES (Continued) 

Notes 
 Unamortized discount ) ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total carrying amount 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the Notes was million and million, respectively, based on observable market prices in less active markets and categorized as Level 2 (Note 11). The debt issuance costs, as well as the discount, are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Notes. 
 
 In July 2022, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, as borrowers, entered into a new Credit Agreement ("the New Credit Agreement") with the lenders thereto, which provides for a million multi-currency unsecured revolving credit facility and replaces the Company's prior credit agreement and related revolving credit facility. The New Credit Agreement matures on July 15, 2027. Subject to certain terms and conditions and the agreement of the lenders, the Company may increase the amount available under the New Credit Agreement by up to an additional million in the aggregate and extend the maturity date for an additional year. Borrowings under the New Credit Agreement bear interest at a variable rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), plus a spread ranging from to , depending on the leverage ratio or credit rating, as defined in the agreement. The Company will also pay a facility fee ranging from to , depending on the Company's leverage ratio or credit rating, on the entire credit commitment available, whether or not drawn. The facility fee is expensed as incurred. During 2022, under the New Credit Agreement, the spread over SOFR was and the facility fee was , and under the previous credit agreement, the spread over the London interbank offered rate was and the facility fee was . Issuance costs of million are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the New Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were borrowings outstanding. Amounts outstanding under the New Credit Agreement, if any from time to time, are classified as long-term obligations in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The New Credit Agreement is unsecured and contains various financial and other covenants, including a maximum leverage ratio, as defined in the agreement. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the New Credit Agreement at December 31, 2022. 
 
 at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 11. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) 

63 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) 

 Available-for-sale investments: Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities United States government and agency securities Municipal securities Investments held for deferred compensation plans Derivatives Liabilities Derivatives Contingent consideration liabilities Other liability December 31, 2021 Assets Cash equivalents Available-for-sale investments: Bank time deposits Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities United States government and agency securities Commercial paper Municipal securities Investments held for deferred compensation plans Derivatives Liabilities Derivatives Contingent consideration liabilities Other liability 
 
 Cash Equivalents and Available-for-sale Investments 
 
 The Company estimates the fair values of its money market funds based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The Company estimates the fair values of its time deposits, commercial paper, United States government and agency 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued) 

 to ; weighted average of ), (2) the probability of milestone achievement (ranging from to ; weighted average of ), and (3) the projected payment dates (2026). The weighted average of each of the above inputs was determined based on the relative fair value of each obligation. The use of different assumptions could have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 
 
 Additions Changes in fair value ) ) Fair value, December 31, 2021 
 Changes in fair value ) ) Fair value, December 31, 2022 

The contingent consideration liabilities related to certain of the Company's previous business acquisitions were reduced in 2022 by million due to both the changes in projected probabilities of milestone achievement and the Company's decision during the third quarter of 2022 to exit its HARPOON surgical mitral repair system program (see Note 4). The contingent consideration liabilities were reduced in 2021 by million due to changes in the projected probabilities of milestone achievements and the projected timing of cash inflows from product sales. 

65 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

12. 
 
 Cross currency swap contracts 
 
 Cross currency swap contracts Other assets Liabilities Foreign currency contracts Accrued and other liabilities Foreign currency contracts Other liabilities 
 
 ) Cross currency swap contracts Derivative Liabilities Foreign currency contracts ) December 31, 2021 Derivative Assets Foreign currency contracts ) Cross currency swap contracts Derivative Liabilities Foreign currency contracts ) 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 12. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Continued) 

 Cost of sales ) Selling, general, and administrative expenses ) 
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative (Effective Portion) Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 2022 2021 2022 2021 (in millions) (in millions) Net investment hedges Cross currency swap contracts Interest expense 
 
 The cross currency swap contracts have an expiration date of June 15, 2028. At maturity of the cross currency swap contracts, the Company will deliver the notional amount of million and will receive million from the counterparties. The Company will receive semi-annual interest payments from the counterparties based on a fixed interest rate until maturity of the agreements. 
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Fair value hedges Foreign currency contracts Other income, net ) ) 
 
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency contracts Other income, net ) 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 12. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Continued) ) The effects of fair value and cash flow hedging: Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships: 
 Foreign currency contracts: 
 Hedged items 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 ) Amount excluded from effectiveness testing recognized in earnings based on an amortization approach 
 Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: 
 Foreign currency contracts: 
 Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated OCI into income 
 
 Location and Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Fair Value and Cash Flow Hedging Relationships Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Cost of sales Selling, general, and administrative expenses Other Income, net Total amounts of income and expense line items shown in the consolidated statements of operations in which the effects of fair value or cash flow hedges are recorded ) ) The effects of fair value and cash flow hedging: Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships: 
 Foreign currency contracts: 
 Hedged items 
 ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 Amount excluded from effectiveness testing recognized in earnings based on an amortization approach 
 Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: 
 Foreign currency contracts: 
 Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated OCI into income 
 ) ) 
 The Company expects that during 2023 it will reclassify to earnings a million gain currently recorded in " Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ." For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company did not record any gains or losses due to hedge ineffectiveness. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

13. 
 
 Service cost Interest cost Participant contributions Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Plan amendment ) ) Settlements and curtailment gain ) Currency exchange rate changes and other ) ) End of year Change in fair value of plan assets: Beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Participant contributions Settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) Currency exchange rate changes and other ) ) End of year Funded Status Projected benefit obligation ) ) Plan assets at fair value Underfunded status ) ) Net amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheet: Other liabilities Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Net actuarial gain (loss) ) Net prior service credit Deferred income tax (expense) benefit ) Total ) 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation ("ABO") for all defined benefit pension plans was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The projected benefit obligation and ABO were in excess of plan assets for all pension plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 13. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Settlements and curtailment gain Amortization of actuarial loss Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Net periodic pension benefit cost 
 
 Expected long-term returns for each of the plans' strategic asset classes were developed through consultation with investment advisors. Several factors were considered, including a survey of investment managers' expectations, current market data, minimum guaranteed returns in certain insurance contracts, and historical market returns over long periods. Using policy target allocation percentages and the asset class expected returns, a weighted-average expected return was calculated. 
 
 To select the discount rates for the defined benefit pension plans, the Company uses a modeling process that involves matching the expected duration of its benefit plans to a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of AA-rated fixed-income debt instruments, or their equivalent. For each country, the Company uses the implied yield of this hypothetical portfolio at the appropriate duration as a discount rate benchmark. 
 
 Rate of compensation increase Cash balance interest crediting rate Social securities increase Pension increase 
 
 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the net periodic pension benefit cost are as follows: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase Cash balance interest crediting rate Social securities increase Pension increase 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 13. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

Debt securities Real estate Other Total 
 
 The fair values of the Company's defined benefit plan assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, by asset category, are as follows (in millions): 
 December 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Asset Category Cash Equity securities: United States equities International equities Debt securities: United States government bonds International government bonds Real estate Mortgages Insurance contracts Total plan assets measured at fair value 
 Alternative investments measured at net asset value (a) Total plan assets 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 13. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

 Equity securities: United States equities International equities Debt securities: United States government bonds International government bonds Real estate Mortgages Insurance contracts Total plan assets Alternative investments measured at net asset value (a) Total plan assets _______________________________________ 
 (a) Certain investments that were measured at net asset value per share have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets. 
 
 Currency exchange rate impact ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Actual return on plan assets: Relating to assets still held at December 31, 2022 
 Purchases, sales and settlements ) Currency exchange rate impact ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Equity and debt securities are valued at fair value based on quoted market prices reported on the active markets on which the individual securities are traded. Real estate investments are valued by discounting to present value the cash flows expected to be generated by the specific properties. Investments in mortgages are valued at cost, which is deemed to approximate its fair value. The insurance contracts are valued at the cash surrender value of the contracts, which is deemed to approximate its fair value. Alternative investments include hedge funds, private equity funds and other miscellaneous investments, and are valued using the net asset value provided by the fund administrator as a practical expedient. The net asset value is based on the fair value of the underlying assets owned by the fund divided by the number of shares outstanding. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 13. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, expected employer contributions for 2023 are million. 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 
 The Company's employees in the United States and Puerto Rico are eligible to participate in a qualified defined contribution plan. In the United States, participants may contribute up to of their eligible compensation (subject to tax code limitation) to the plan. Edwards Lifesciences matches the first of the participant's annual eligible compensation contributed to the plan on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Edwards Lifesciences matches the next of the participant's annual eligible compensation to the plan on a basis. In Puerto Rico, participants may contribute up to of their annual compensation (subject to tax code limitation) to the plan. Edwards Lifesciences matches the first of participant's annual eligible compensation contributed to the plan on a basis. The Company also provides a profit sharing contribution calculated on eligible earnings for each employee. Matching contributions relating to Edwards Lifesciences employees were million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company also has nonqualified deferred compensation plans for a select group of employees. The plans provide eligible participants the opportunity to defer eligible compensation to future dates specified by the participant with a return based on investment alternatives selected by the participant. The amount accrued under these nonqualified plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

14. 
 
 billion of the Company's common stock. In July 2022, the Board of Directors approved an additional billion of repurchases of the Company's common stock under this program, effective July 28, 2022. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. Stock repurchased under these programs may be used to offset obligations under the Company's employee stock-based benefit programs and stock-based business acquisitions, and will reduce the total shares outstanding. 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company repurchased million, million, and million shares, respectively, at an aggregate cost of million, million, and million, respectively, including shares purchased under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, the accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") agreements described below, and shares acquired to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units issued to employees. The timing and size of any future stock repurchases are subject to a variety of factors, including expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of the Company's common stock. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 14. COMMON STOCK (Continued) 

March 2021 January 2022 February 2022 October 2022 December 2022 
 
 The ASR agreements were each accounted for as two separate transactions: (1) the value of the initial delivery of shares was recorded as shares of common stock acquired in a treasury stock transaction on the acquisition date and (2) the remaining amount of the purchase price paid was recorded as a forward contract indexed to the Company's own common stock and was recorded in " Additional Paid-in Capital " on the consolidated balance sheets. The initial delivery of shares resulted in an immediate reduction of the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share. The Company determined that the forward contracts indexed to the Company's common stock met all the applicable criteria for equity classification and, therefore, were not accounted for as a derivative instrument. 
 
 Employee and Director Stock Plans 
 
 The Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Long-term Stock Incentive Compensation Program (the "Program") provides for the grant of incentive and non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, and restricted stock units for eligible employees of the Company. Under the Program, these grants are awarded at a price equal to the fair market value at the date of grant based upon the closing price on that date. Options to purchase shares of the Company's common stock granted under the Program generally vest over predetermined periods of between three to and expire after the date of grant. Service-based restricted stock units of the Company's common stock granted under the Program generally vest over predetermined periods, typically after the date of grant. Market-based restricted stock units of the Company's common stock granted under the Program vest over based on a combination of certain service and market conditions. The actual number of shares issued will be determined based on the Company's total stockholder return relative to a selected industry peer group. Under the Program, the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the Program was million shares. No more than million shares reserved for issuance may be granted in the form of restricted stock or restricted stock units. 
 
 The Company also maintains the Nonemployee Directors Stock Incentive Compensation Program (the "Nonemployee Directors Program"). Under the Nonemployee Directors Program, annually each nonemployee director may receive up to stock options or restricted stock units of the Company's common stock, or a combination thereof, provided that in no event may the total value of the combined annual award exceed million. These grants generally vest over from the date of grant. Under the Nonemployee Directors Program, an aggregate of million shares of the Company's common stock has been authorized for issuance. 
 
 The Company has an employee stock purchase plan for United States employees and a plan for employees outside of the United States (collectively "ESPP"). Under the ESPP, eligible employees may purchase shares of the Company's common stock at of the lower of the fair market value of Edwards Lifesciences common stock on the effective date of subscription or the date of purchase. Under the ESPP, employees can authorize the Company to withhold up to of their compensation for common stock purchases, subject to certain limitations. The ESPP is available to all active employees of the Company paid from the United States payroll and to eligible employees of the Company outside of the United States, to the extent permitted by local law. The ESPP for United States employees is qualified under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. The number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the ESPP was million shares. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 14. COMMON STOCK (Continued) 

 . 
 
 Expected dividend yield Expected volatility Expected term (years) Fair value, per share 
 
 Expected dividend yield Expected volatility Expected term (years) Fair value, per share 
 
 The fair value of market-based restricted stock units was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which uses multiple input variables to determine the probability of satisfying the market condition requirements. The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the fair value of the market-based restricted stock units during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 included a risk-free interest rate of , , and , respectively, and an expected volatility rate of , , and , respectively. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 14. COMMON STOCK (Continued) 

 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 years Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 years Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 years 
 
 Granted (a) Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 million shares of market-based restricted stock units granted during 2022, which represents the target number of shares to be issued, and million shares related to a previous year's grant of market-based restricted stock units since the payout percentage achieved at the end of the performance period was in excess of target. As described above, the actual number of shares ultimately issued is determined based on the Company's total stockholder return relative to a selected industry peer group. 
 
 The intrinsic value of stock options exercised and restricted stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. The intrinsic value of stock options is calculated as the amount by which the market price of the Company's common stock exceeds the exercise price of the option. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company received cash from exercises of stock options of million, million, and million, respectively, and tax benefits from exercises of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units of million, million, and million, respectively. The total grant-date fair value of stock options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock options, restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase plan subscription awards amounted to million, which will be amortized on a straight-line basis over each award's requisite service period. The weighted-average remaining requisite service period is months. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

15. ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Deferred income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Deferred income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 15. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (Continued) 

) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Net prior service cost arising during period ) ) ) Net actuarial gain arising during period ) Unrealized pension credits, net ) 2021 Prior service credit arising during period Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Net prior service cost arising during period ) ) Net actuarial gain arising during period ) Unrealized pension credits, net ) 2020 Prior service credit arising during period ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Net prior service cost arising during period ) ) ) Net actuarial loss arising during period ) ) Unrealized pension costs, net ) ) 
 
 Other income, net ) ) Provision for income taxes Net of tax Gain (loss) on hedges ) Cost of sales ) Selling, general, and administrative expenses ) Other income, net ) Total before tax ) Provision for income taxes ) Net of tax Gain (loss) on available-for-sale investments ) ) Other income, net Provision for income taxes ) ) Net of tax Amortization of pension adjustments ) Other income, net Provision for income taxes ) Net of tax 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

16. 
 ) ) Gain on insurance settlement ) Loss (gain) on investments ) ) Non-service cost components of net periodic pension benefit cost ) Other ) Total other income, net ) ) ) 

17. 
 
 Outside of the United States, including Puerto Rico 
 
 State and local Outside of the United States, including Puerto Rico Current income tax expense Deferred United States: Federal ) ) State and local ) ) ) Outside of the United States, including Puerto Rico ) ) ) Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Total income tax provision 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 17. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

Compensation and benefits Benefits from uncertain tax positions Net tax credit carryforwards Net operating loss carryforwards Accrued liabilities Inventories Cash flow and net investment hedges State income taxes Investments Lease liability obligations Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Property, plant, and equipment ) ) Cash flow and net investment hedges ) Deferred tax on foreign earnings ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets ______________________________________ 
 (a) As required by the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, effective January 1, 2022, the Company's research and development expenditures were capitalized and amortized which resulted in substantially higher cash paid for taxes in 2022 with an equal amount of deferred tax benefits. 
 
 During 2022, net deferred tax assets increased million, including items that were recorded to stockholders' equity and which did not impact the Company's income tax provision. 
 
 The valuation allowance of million as of December 31, 2022 reduces certain deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. This allowance primarily relates to the net operating loss carryforwards of certain non-United States subsidiaries and certain non-United States credit carryforwards. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 17. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

 2033-2037 United States federal net operating losses Indefinite United States state net operating losses ) 2026-2041 United States state net operating losses ) Indefinite Non-United States net operating losses ) Indefinite United States capital losses ) 2024 Total ) 
 
 Certain tax attributes are subject to an annual limitation as a result of the acquisition of CASMED, which constitute a change of ownership as defined under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. 
 
 Indefinite Federal research expenditure tax credits 2026-2039 Foreign tax and general business credits ) 2030-2032 Puerto Rico purchases credits ) Indefinite Total ) 
 
 The Company has million of gross California research expenditure tax credits it expects to use in future periods. The credits may be carried forward indefinitely. Based upon anticipated future taxable income, the Company expects that it is more likely than not that all California research expenditure tax credits will be utilized, although the utilization of the full benefit is expected to occur over a number of years into the distant future. Accordingly, no valuation allowance has been provided. The Company has million of Puerto Rico purchases credits. Throughout its history and into the future, the Company's Puerto Rico operations generate, or are expected to generate, credits each year in excess of its ability to utilize credits in those years. As a result, even though the credits currently have an indefinite life, the Company continues to record a valuation allowance on the purchases credits carryforwards. The Company recently renegotiated its tax grant under Puerto Rico Act 52-2022 ("Act 52") effective January 1, 2023. Among other items, Act 52 introduced new requirements and limitations on the availability and claiming of tax credits. As a result, the Company now expects that its purchases credits may begin to expire after 2026. 
 
 On December 22, 2017, Public Law 115-97, commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "2017 Act"), was signed into law. The 2017 Act a) reduced the United States federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, b) required companies to pay a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on the cumulative earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred, and c) created new taxes on certain foreign earnings in future years. The Company elected to pay the repatriation tax in installments over eight years. 
 
 The Company asserts that billion of its foreign earnings continue to be indefinitely reinvested and it intends to repatriate million of its foreign earnings as of December 31, 2022. The estimated net tax liability on the indefinitely reinvested earnings if repatriated is million. 
 
 The Company has received tax incentives in certain non-United States tax jurisdictions, the primary benefit for which will expire in 2029. The tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rates were million per diluted share), 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 17. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

 million per diluted share), and million per diluted share) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Foreign income taxed at different rates ) ) ) State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit Tax credits, federal and state ) ) ) Build of reserve for prior years' uncertain tax positions Tax on global intangible low-taxed income Foreign-derived intangible income deduction ) ) ) Contingent consideration liabilities ) ) United States federal deductible employee share-based compensation ) ) ) Nondeductible employee share-based compensation Other Income tax provision 
 
 The Company's effective tax rate for 2022 increased in comparison to 2021 primarily due to the decrease in the tax benefit from the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities and the decrease in the excess tax benefit from employee share-based compensation. The Company's effective tax rate for 2021 increased in comparison to 2020 primarily due to the tax benefit from the Settlement Agreement with Abbott in 2020 (see Note 3) and the decrease in the excess tax benefit from employee share-based compensation, partially offset by the tax benefit from the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the gross uncertain tax positions were million and million, respectively. The Company estimates that these liabilities would be reduced by million and million, respectively, from offsetting tax benefits associated with the correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes, and timing adjustments. The net amounts of million and million, respectively, if not required, would favorably affect the Company's effective tax rate. 
 
 Current year tax positions 
 Increase in prior year tax positions 
 Decrease in prior year tax positions 
 ) ) ) Settlements 
 ) ) ) Lapse of statutes of limitations 
 ) ) Uncertain gross tax positions, December 31 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 17. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

 million (net of million tax benefit) of interest related to uncertain tax positions, and as of December 31, 2021, the Company had accrued million (net of million tax benefit) of interest related to uncertain tax positions. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized interest expense, net of tax benefit, of million, million, and million, respectively, in " Provision for Income Taxes " on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and other taxing authorities are in different stages of examining various years of the Company's tax filings. During these audits, the Company may receive proposed audit adjustments that could be material. Therefore, there is a possibility that an adverse outcome in these audits could have a material effect on the Company's results of operations and financial condition. The Company strives to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. While the Company has accrued for matters it believes are more likely than not to require settlement, the final outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, the Company may later decide to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise its right to appeal. The uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. Management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided for any adjustments that may result from these uncertain tax positions. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, all material state, local, and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2015. While not material, the Company continues to address matters in India for years from 2010 and on. 
 
 The Company executed an Advance Pricing Agreement APA in 2018 between the United States and Switzerland governments for tax years 2009 through 2020 covering various, but not all, transfer pricing matters. The unagreed transfer pricing matters, namely Surgical Structural Heart and Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (collectively "Surgical/TAVR") intercompany royalty transactions, then reverted to IRS examination for further consideration as part of the respective years' regular tax audits. In addition, the Company executed other bilateral APAs as follows: during 2017, an APA between the United States and Japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019; and during 2018, APAs between Japan and Singapore and between Switzerland and Japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019. The Company has filed to renew all of the APAs which cover transactions with Japan for the years 2020 and forward. An APA between Switzerland and Japan covering tax years 2020 through 2024 was executed in 2021. The execution of the other APA renewals depends on many variables outside of the Company's control. 
 
 The audits of the Company s United States federal income tax returns through 2014 have been closed. The IRS audit field work for the 2015 through 2017 tax years was completed during the second quarter of 2021, except for transfer pricing and related matters. The IRS began its examination of the 2018 through 2020 tax years during the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 During 2021, the Company received a Notice of Proposed Adjustment NOPA from the IRS for the 2015-2017 tax years relating to transfer pricing involving certain Surgical/TAVR intercompany royalty transactions between the Company's United States and Switzerland subsidiaries. The NOPA proposes an increase to the Company's United States taxable income, which could result in additional tax expense for this period of approximately million and represents a significant change to previously agreed upon transfer pricing methodologies for these types of transactions. The Company has formally disagreed with the NOPA and submitted a formal protest on the matter during the fourth quarter of 2021. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company received the IRS's rebuttal to its protest and was notified that the case has been transferred to the IRS Independent Office of Appeals. The opening conference is scheduled for the first quarter of 2023. The Company continues to evaluate all possible remedies available to it, which could take several years to resolve. The Company believes the amounts previously accrued related to this uncertain tax position are sufficient and, accordingly, has not accrued any additional amount based on the NOPA received. While no payment of any amount related to the NOPA is required to be made, if at all, until all applicable proceedings have been completed, the Company made an advance payment of tax in November 2022 to prevent the further accrual of interest on any potential deficiency. 
 
 Certain Surgical/TAVR intercompany royalty transactions covering tax years 2015 through 2022 that were not resolved under the APA program remain subject to IRS examination, and those transactions and related tax positions remain uncertain as 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 17. INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

18. 
 
 or more of the Lawsuits in any reporting period, could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial results for that period. The Company is not able to estimate the amount or range of any loss for legal contingencies related to the Lawsuits for which there is no reserve or additional loss for matters already reserved. 
 
 The Company is subject to various environmental laws and regulations both within and outside of the United States. The Company's operations, like those of other medical device companies, involve the use of substances regulated under environmental laws, primarily in manufacturing and sterilization processes. While it is difficult to quantify the potential impact of continuing compliance with environmental protection laws, management believes that such compliance will not have a material impact on the Company's financial results. The Company's threshold of disclosing material environmental legal proceedings involving a governmental authority where potential monetary sanctions are involved is million. 

19. 

84 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 19. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued) 

 Europe Japan Rest of World Total segment net sales Segment Operating Income United States Europe Japan Rest of World Total segment operating income 
 
 The table below presents reconciliations of segment net sales to consolidated net sales and segment operating income to consolidated pre-tax income (in millions): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net Sales Reconciliation Segment net sales Foreign currency ) Consolidated net sales Pre-tax Income Reconciliation Segment operating income Unallocated amounts: Corporate items ) ) ) Special charge ) Intellectual property litigation expenses, net ) ) ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, net ) Foreign currency Consolidated operating income Non-operating income Consolidated pre-tax income 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 19. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued) 

 Europe Japan Rest of World Net Sales by Major Product Area Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies Surgical Structural Heart Critical Care Long-lived Tangible Assets by Geographic Area United States Europe Japan Rest of World 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

20. 
 
 ) Tax valuation allowance (b) ) Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Allowance for credit losses (a) ) Tax valuation allowance (b) ) Year ended December 31, 2020 
 Allowance for credit losses (a) ) Tax valuation allowance (b) ) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (a) The deductions related to allowances for credit losses represent accounts receivable which are written off. 
 
 (b) The tax valuation allowances are provided for other-than-temporary impairments and unrealized losses related to certain investments that may not be recognized due to the uncertainty of the ready marketability of certain impaired investments, and net operating loss and credit carryforwards that may not be recognized due to insufficient taxable income. 

87 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Based on their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded as of December 31, 2022 that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective in providing reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, the Company's management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Information Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Certain information required by this Item will be set forth under the headings "Board of Directors Matters Proposal 1 - Election of Directors Board of Director Nominees," "Board of Directors Matters Corporate Governance Policies and Practices," and "Executive Compensation and Other Information Executive Officers" in the definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Proxy Statement") (which Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022). The information required by this Item to be contained in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to all directors and employees, including the Company's principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer, or persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics (business practice standards) is posted on the Company's website, which is found at https://ir.edwards.com under "Governance Sustainability Corporate Responsibility Sustainability Corporate Responsibility Global Integrity Program." To the extent required by applicable rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange, the Company intends to disclose on its website any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of its code of ethics that apply to the Company's directors and executive officers, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information contained under the heading "Executive Compensation and Other Information" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information contained under the headings "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" and "Equity Compensation Plan Information" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information contained under the heading "Other Matters and Business Related Persons Transactions" and under the heading "Board of Directors Matters Corporate Governance Policies and Practices Director Independence" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information contained under the headings "Audit Matters Fees Paid to Principal Accountants" and "Audit Matters Pre-Approval of Services" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 herein. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. Other schedules are not applicable and have not been included herein. 
 
 3. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation, dated May 16, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2013) 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation, dated May 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in Edwards Lifesciences report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2020) 
 3.3 Bylaws of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation, as amended and restated as of July 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2021) 
 4.1 Specimen form of certificate representing Edwards Lifesciences Corporation common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 001-15525) filed on March 15, 2000) 
 4.2 Description of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation's Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of September 6, 2013, between Edwards Lifesciences Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 in Edwards Lifesciences' Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-191022) filed on September 6, 2013) (the "Indenture") 
 4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 15, 2018, to the Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2018) ("Second Supplemental Indenture") 
 4.5 Form of Global Note for the 4.300 Senior Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A in the Second Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.2 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2018) 
 10.1 Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2022, among Edwards Lifesciences Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, the lenders signatory thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2022) 
 #10.2 Settlement Agreement, dated May 19, 2014, between Edwards Lifesciences Corporation and Medtronic, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2014) 
 10.3 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2003) 
 10.4 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Amended and Restated Employment Agreement for Michael A. Mussallem, dated March 30, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009) 
 10.5 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Amended and Restated Chief Executive Officer Change-in-Control Severance Agreement, dated October 9, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2012) 
 10.6 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Change-in-Control Severance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2012) 
 10.7 Description of Severance Benefits for Mr. Jean-Luc Lemercier (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences ' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021) 
 10.8 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 2018 Edwards Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018) 
 10.9 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Long-Term Stock Incentive Compensation Program, as amended and restated as of May 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020) 
 10.10 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Participant Stock Option Statement and related Long-Term Stock Program Global Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for awards granted prior to May 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2011) 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. Description 10.11 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Long-Term Stock Incentive Compensation Program Global Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for awards granted beginning May 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022) 
 10.12 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Long-Term Stock Incentive Compensation Program Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for awards granted beginning May 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 2 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022) 
 10.13 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Long-Term Stock Incentive Compensation Program Global Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for awards granted beginning May 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 3 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022) 
 10.14 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Nonemployee Directors Stock Incentive Program, as amended and restated as of February 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016) 
 10.15 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 2020 Nonemployee Directors Stock Incentive Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 5 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022) 
 10.16 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Participant Stock Option Statement and related Nonemployee Directors Stock Incentive Program Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 6 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022) 
 10.17 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Nonemployee Directors Stock Incentive Program Restricted Stock Units Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 7 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022) 
 10.18 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Nonemployee Directors Stock Incentive Program Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 8 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022) 
 10.19 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective as of November 9, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011) 
 10.20 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Officer Perquisite Program Guidelines, as of February 20, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012) 
 10.21 Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 in Edwards Lifesciences' report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 +32 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 # Pursuant to a request for confidential treatment, confidential portions of this exhibit have been redacted and have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Represents management contract or compensatory plan 
 + Furnished herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION February 13, 2023 By: /s/ MICHAEL A. MUSSALLEM Michael A. Mussallem 
 Chairman of the Board and 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ MICHAEL A. MUSSALLEM Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 13, 2023 Michael A. Mussallem (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ SCOTT B. ULLEM Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer February 13, 2023 Scott B. Ullem (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ ROBERT W.A. SELLERS Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller February 13, 2023 Robert W.A. Sellers (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ KIERAN T. GALLAHUE Director February 13, 2023 Kieran T. Gallahue /s/ LESLIE S. HEISZ Director February 13, 2023 Leslie S. Heisz /s/ PAUL A. LAVIOLETTE Director February 13, 2023 Paul A. LaViolette /s/ STEVEN R. LORANGER Director February 13, 2023 Steven R. Loranger /s/ MARTHA H. MARSH Director February 13, 2023 Martha H. Marsh /s/ RAMONA SEQUEIRA Director February 13, 2023 Ramona Sequeira /s/ NICHOLAS J. VALERIANI Director February 13, 2023 Nicholas J. Valeriani 
 
 92 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex-21110xkq42022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 The following is a list of subsidiaries of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation, omitting subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of December 31, 2022 

Legal Entity State of Incorporation Formation Country of Incorporation Formation Edwards Lifesciences LLC Delaware U.S. Edwards Lifesciences (U.S.) Inc. Delaware U.S. Edwards Lifesciences (Japan) Limited Japan 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23>
 3
 ex-2310xkq42022.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-33054, 333-33056, 333-40434, 333-52334, 333-52346, 333-60670, 333-98219, 333-105961, 333-127260, 333-150810, 333-154242, 333-168462, 333-183106, 333-192229, 333-195853, 333-204180, 333-211333, 333-217909, 333-255853, and 333-255854) and Form S-3 (No. 333-266272) of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation of our report dated February 13, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Irvine, California 
 February 13, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex-31110xkq42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael A. Mussallem, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s MICHAEL A. MUSSALLEM Michael A. Mussallem Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 13, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex-31210xkq42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Scott B. Ullem, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s SCOTT B. ULLEM Scott B. Ullem 
 Corporate Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 February 13, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex-3210xkq42022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES CORPORATION 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Michael A. Mussallem, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Scott B. Ullem, Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s MICHAEL A. MUSSALLEM February 13, 2023 Michael A. Mussallem 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 s SCOTT B. ULLEM February 13, 2023 Scott B. Ullem 
 Corporate Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ew-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ew-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ew-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ew-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ew-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

