<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1810546_0001628280-23-005001.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>37523891</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>612743</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5767901</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15111900</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7863347</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7490575</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005001.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224124531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005001
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		181
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eastern Bankshares, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001810546
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39610
		FILM NUMBER:		23665150

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		265 FRANKLIN STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-897-1100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		265 FRANKLIN STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005001.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 ebc-20221231.htm
 10-K

ebc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________________ 
 (Mark one) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 
 ___________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of the registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the last sale price as of June 30, 2022 of 18.46, as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market, was . 
 shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, were issued and outstanding as of February 23, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

1 

Index 
 PAGE PART I. 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 27 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 51 
 Item 2. Properties 
 51 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 53 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 55 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 56 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 95 
 Item 8. Financial Statements 
 96 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 98 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 99 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 100 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
 101 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 102 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 187 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 188 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 190 
 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 191 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 191 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 191 
 Item13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 191 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 192 
 PART IV. Item15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 193 
 Item 16. Form 10 K Summary 
 195 
 SIGNATURES 
 196 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 When we use the terms we , us , our, and the Company, we mean Eastern Bankshares, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, taken as a whole, unless the context otherwise indicates. 
 Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are based on certain current assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, can generally be identified by the use of the words may, will, should, could, would, plan, potential, estimate, project, believe, intend, anticipate, expect, target and similar expressions. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on the current assumptions and beliefs of management and are only expectations of future results. The Company s actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of, among others, factors: 
 the ongoing negative impacts and disruptions of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic on our employees, customers, business operations, credit quality, financial position, liquidity and results of operations; 
 general business and economic conditions on a national basis and in the local markets in which the Company operates; 
 changes in customer behavior; 
 changes in regional, national or international macroeconomic conditions, including especially changes in inflation, recessionary pressures or interest rates in the United States; 
 the possibility that future credit losses, loan defaults and charge-off rates are higher than expected due to changes in economic assumptions or adverse economic developments; 
 turbulence in the capital and debt markets; 
 decreases in the value of securities and other assets; 
 decreases in deposit levels necessitating increased borrowing to fund loans and investments; 
 competitive pressures from other financial institutions; 
 operational risks including, but not limited to, cybersecurity incidents, fraud, natural disasters and future pandemics; 
 changes in regulation; 
 changes in accounting standards and practices; 
 the risk that goodwill and intangibles recorded in our financial statements will become impaired; 
 risks related to the implementation of acquisitions, dispositions, and restructurings, including the risk that acquisitions may not produce results at levels or within time frames originally anticipated; 
 the risk that we may not be successful in the implementation of our business strategy; 
 changes in assumptions used in making such forward-looking statements; and 
 other risks and uncertainties detailed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made. 

3 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General Corporate Overview 
 Eastern Bankshares, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, which we sometimes refer to as the Company, is a bank holding company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts that was incorporated under Massachusetts law in 2020. We are the sole shareholder of Eastern Bank, which we sometimes refer to as the Bank, a Massachusetts-chartered bank founded in 1818. Through the Bank and its wholly owned subsidiary, Eastern Insurance Group LLC Eastern Insurance Group ), we provide a variety of banking, trust and investment, and insurance services. We have two reportable business segments: banking and insurance agency. As of December 31, 2022, we had total consolidated assets of 22.6 billion, total gross loans of 13.6 billion, total deposits of 19.0 billion and total shareholders equity of 2.5 billion. We are subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), the Federal Reserve Board and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
 Our diversified products and services include lending, deposit, wealth management and insurance products. Deposits obtained through the branch banking network have traditionally been the principal source of funds for use in lending and for other general business purposes. We offer a range of demand deposit accounts, interest checking accounts, money market accounts, savings accounts and time certificates of deposit accounts. Our lending focuses on the following loan categories: commercial and industrial, including our Asset Based Lending Portfolio, commercial real estate, commercial construction, small business banking, residential real estate and home equity loans. Through Eastern Bank s wealth management offering, we provide a wide range of trust services. Eastern Insurance Group acts as an agent in offering insurance solutions for clients with personal, commercial or employee benefits-related insurance needs. In addition, we offer automated lock box collection services, cash management services and account reconciliation services to our corporate and institutional customers, as well as cash management services to our municipal clients. 
 The only entity controlled directly by Eastern Bankshares, Inc. is Eastern Bank, which is a wholly owned subsidiary. Eastern Bank controls five active subsidiaries in addition to Eastern Insurance Group LLC, as follows: 
 1. Broadway Securities Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary engaged in buying, selling, dealing in and holding securities and in holding industrial revenue bonds IRBs 
 2. Market Street Securities Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary engaged in buying, selling, dealing in and holding securities; 
 3. Real/Property Services, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary that provides real estate services to Eastern Bank; 
 4. Millennium Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary engaged in holding IRBs; and 
 5. Shared Value Investments LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary that invests in low income housing and other tax credit investments. 
 Market Area and Competition 
 Our primary market consists of the greater Boston area, specifically eastern and central Massachusetts, southern New Hampshire, including the seacoast region, and northern Rhode Island. 
 The statistical area used for government data gathering purposes that aligns most closely with our lending area is known as the Boston Worcester Providence combined statistical area, or CSA. In addition to greater Boston, this area includes the metropolitan areas of Manchester, New Hampshire; Worcester, Massachusetts; and Providence, Rhode Island. It also includes the Cape Cod region of Massachusetts. With an estimated population of 8.4 million, the Boston Worcester Providence CSA is the sixth largest CSA in the United States based upon 2021 population data. 
 We believe the Boston Worcester Providence CSA provides a well-diversified and resilient economic base. There are approximately 3.3 million households in the Boston Worcester Providence CSA with an average of 2.5 persons per household. Median household income in 2021 for the Boston Worcester Providence CSA was approximately 91,000 compared to 70,000 for the United States as a whole. The estimated median age of the population in the Boston Worcester Providence CSA is 40.2 years, compared to 38.8 years for the United States as a whole. For the eleven counties in eastern Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire in which our branches are located and from which we gather most of our deposits, the average unemployment rate as of December 2022 was 3.0 , as compared to 3.3 for the United States as a whole. For the statistical area consisting of Boston and Cambridge, Massachusetts, and Nashua, New Hampshire, which is a subset of the Boston Worcester Providence CSA, the unemployment rate as of November 2022, the most recent date for which data was available, was 2.7 , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
 4 

Home to over 100 colleges and universities, including nationally and internationally recognized institutions such as Boston College, Boston University, Brown University, Harvard University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Northeastern University, Wellesley College and Worcester Polytechnic Institute, the Boston Worcester Providence CSA includes many employers in what often is referred to as the knowledge-based economy that relies on highly-educated employees, professionals and entrepreneurs. Approximately 45.3 of the population in the Boston Worcester Providence CSA age 25 or older has at least a bachelor s degree, compared to 35.0 for the United States as a whole as of December 31, 2022. Major employment sectors range from education, services, manufacturing and wholesale and retail trade, to finance, technology and health care. Seven of the ten largest employers in the Boston metropolitan statistical area MSA are hospitals. Professional, scientific, and technical services, which covers a variety of industries including computer systems design, scientific research and development, management consulting, architecture and law, comprise the second largest share of the Boston MSA employers. 
 The financial services industry in general and in our market in particular is highly competitive. We face significant competition in gathering deposits and originating loans. Our most direct competition for deposits has historically come from banking institutions operating in our primary market area. Based on data from the FDIC as of June 30, 2022 (the latest date for which information is available), we had a weighted average deposit market share of 5.4 for the seven separate banking markets tracked by the Federal Reserve Board in which we have at least one branch. In the Boston market, which accounted for 94.9 of our deposits as of June 30, 2022, our market share was 3.5 , representing the fifth largest deposit share in that market. We also face competition for deposits from other financial services companies such as securities brokerage firms, credit unions, insurance companies and money market funds. 
 In consumer banking, the industry has become increasingly dependent on and oriented towards technology-driven delivery systems, permitting transactions to be conducted through a wide variety of online and mobile channels. In addition, technology has lowered the barriers to entry and made it possible for non-bank institutions to attract funds and provide lending and other financial services in our market despite not having a physical presence here. Given their lower cost structure, non-bank institutions that choose to solicit deposits primarily through digital platforms often are able to offer rates on deposit products that are higher than average for retail banking institutions with a traditional branch footprint, such as us. The primary factors driving competition for consumer loans and deposits are interest rates, fees charged, customer service levels, convenience, including branch location and hours of operation, and the range of products and services offered. 
 There is similarly intense competition in commercial banking, particularly for quality loan originations, from traditional banking institutions such as large regional banks, as well as commercial finance companies, leasing companies, insurance companies and other non-bank lenders, and institutional investors including collateralized loan obligation managers. Some larger competitors, including some of the largest banks in the United States, have a significant and, in many cases, growing presence in our market area, may offer a broader array of products and, due to their asset size, may sometimes be in a position to hold more exposure on their own balance sheets. We compete on a number of factors including, among others, customer service, quality of execution, range of products offered, price and reputation. We expect competition to continue to increase, especially as a result of regulatory and technological changes, the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry, and the Federal Open Market Committee s (the FOMC s monetary policy, including increases to the federal funds rate, which have recently lead to increased competition for customer deposits. Increased competition for deposits and the origination of loans could limit our growth in the future. 
 Recent Acquisitions 
 Bank Acquisitions 
 During the past two decades, we have been able to expand our banking business through a combination of internal or organic growth complemented by opportunistic strategic transactions. Since 1997, we have completed eight mergers or acquisitions of banking businesses. Most recently, on November 12, 2021, we acquired Century Bancorp, Inc. Century ), which operated 29 banking offices in 21 cities and towns in Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire, as of September 30, 2021, for 641.9 million in cash. Century had total assets of approximately 6.8 billion at the time of our acquisition, at fair value and excluding goodwill and intangible assets. 
 Eastern Insurance Group Acquisitions 
 In 2002, we acquired Allied American Insurance Agency, Inc. from the Arbella Insurance Group, which became Eastern Insurance Group. From 2004 through 2022, we expanded Eastern Insurance Group by acquiring 37 independent insurance agencies, the purchase prices for which ranged from less than 1.0 million to 17.1 million with an average purchase price of 3.8 million. In 2022, we acquired two independent insurance agencies, the purchase prices for which were 5.2 million and 8.2 million, respectively. 
 Business Strategy 
 5 

Our goal is to enhance our position as one of the leading community banking institutions in our market, providing a broad array of banking and other financial services to retail, commercial and small business customers. In recent years, we have focused significant effort on and invested heavily in our infrastructure to create sophisticated and competitive products and services, a strong, experienced work force, and awareness of our banking brand. We also plan to grow by acquisition. 
 As a result, we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities available in our market by focusing on the following core strategies. 
 Develop new customer relationships and deepen existing relationships. We seek to expand our market share in existing and contiguous markets across our businesses by leveraging our distinctive brand and delivering a diverse suite of tailored, high-quality solutions through a consultative, relationship-based approach reinforced by superior customer service. We believe this will result in disciplined growth of low-cost deposits, loans with attractive risk-adjusted returns and a steady stream of fee income. Our relationship-based approach has enabled us to achieve disciplined organic growth over time, and we expect this trend to continue. We believe our support of our small business and non-profit customers in obtaining funding under the Paycheck Protection Program, also known as PPP, demonstrated both our commitment and capacity to meet our customers needs, even in the most challenging circumstance. The PPP was created by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and was first launched in April 2020. We disbursed a total of 1.7 billion of loans to approximately 15,500 borrowers under the PPP of the CARES Act. The vast majority of our PPP borrowers were existing commercial and small business borrowers, non-profit customers, retail banking customers and clients of Eastern Wealth Management and Eastern Insurance Group. Please refer to the subsection of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Business Lending Activities Small Business Loans for a summary description of PPP lending as relevant to Eastern Bank. 
 Pursue opportunistic acquisitions. We have pursued and intend to continue to prudently pursue opportunities to acquire banks in our existing and contiguous markets that we believe will create attractive financial returns. Our focus is primarily on franchises that enhance our funding profile, product capabilities or geographic density, while maintaining an acceptable risk profile. We believe the vital need to make increasingly significant technological investments has greatly amplified the importance of scale in banking. We believe that as a result of our initial public offering IPO ), which was completed in October 2020, we are well-positioned as a consolidator in the banking market because of our financial strength, reputation and culture as evidenced by our recent acquisition of Century in November 2021. In addition, we intend to continue to pursue opportunistic acquisitions of additional insurance agencies in existing and contiguous markets. 
 Leverage technology to enhance customer experience and drive operating efficiencies. We have made significant investments in our technology to ensure we can deliver high-quality, innovative products and services to our customers. We are committed to regularly investing in technology and data analytics, as we are positioning our franchise for the future. We believe these investments will differentiate us with our target customers and provide a scalable platform, which will generate significant operating leverage as we grow over time. 
 Maintain and grow our experienced, diverse and customer focused employee base. We have an established corporate culture based on personal accountability, high ethical standards and a commitment to training and career development. We will look to opportunistically hire talented bankers and employees with a continued emphasis on recruiting highly motivated, diverse managers and employees who can establish and maintain long-term customer relationships that are key to our business, brand and culture. 
 Manage risk to navigate a range of economic environments. We believe that our conservative credit culture, strong capital and sources of liquidity, and our deep client relationships are key to our long-term financial success. We believe that stable long-term growth and profitability are the result of building strong customer relationships one at a time while maintaining rigorous credit discipline. We supplement our conservative risk culture with a rigorous and continuous enterprise risk management program. Recession expectations in 2022 for future periods, supported by high inflation, rising interest rates, lingering supply chain difficulties, and softer labor market dynamics, has resulted and is continuing to result in material uncertainty in the near- and medium-term future. We believe we are enduring this period of stress from a position of strength, which allows us to maintain a strong balance sheet while still supporting our customers and communities in need. 
 Lending Activities 
 Lending Activities 
 We use funds obtained from deposits, including brokered certificates of deposit, as well as funds obtained from the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of Boston FHLBB advances and Federal funds, primarily to originate loans and to invest in securities. We believe the portfolio is well diversified with approximately 860 commercial relationships at December 31, 2022. Our lending area mainly consists of the greater Boston area, specifically eastern and central Massachusetts, southern New Hampshire, including the seacoast region, and northern Rhode Island. In connection with our 
 6 

acquisition of Century, we acquired loans which are outside of our traditional lending area. Such loans will run-off over time as we are not actively pursuing lending activities in such areas. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining recorded investment balance of loans acquired in connection with our Century acquisition and which were outside of our traditional lending area was 411.6 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased mortgage loans, specifically one- to four-family residential real estate loans, a portion of which are outside of our traditional lending area. Loans purchased were subject to the same underwriting criteria as those loans originated directly by us. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased 380.2 million of residential real estate loans, of which 175.1 million were outside of our traditional lending area. 
 Our lending focuses on the following categories of loans: 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans. We offer a broad range of products, including lines of credit and term loans. We primarily target companies and institutions with annual revenues of 10 million to 500 million and strive to serve as the lead bank for customers with multi-product, long-term, profitable relationships with an emphasis on building long-term relationships. In addition, we participate in the syndicated loan market, club lending transactions and the Shared National Credit Program SNC Program ), which is comprised of loans and commitments to extend credit aggregating more than 100 million or more at origination and shared by three or more unaffiliated supervised institutions. 
 Loans in this category consist of lines of credit and term loans extended to businesses and corporate enterprises for the purpose of financing working capital, facilitating equipment purchases and facilitating acquisitions. As of December 31, 2022, we had total commercial and industrial loans of 3.2 billion, representing 23.2 of our total loans. 
 The primary risk associated with commercial and industrial loans is the ability of borrowers to achieve business results consistent with those projected at origination. For commercial and industrial loans, our primary focus is middle-market companies located in the markets we serve. Loans are extended on both a secured and unsecured basis, according to the credit profile of the customer, at both fixed interest rates and variable interest rates at varying spreads over the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), and Prime rate. See Risk Factors Changes to and replacement of LIBOR may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about the potential impact to our business. The average tenor of our commercial and industrial portfolio varies according to market conditions but at December 31, 2022 it was 5.7 years. 
 In managing the commercial and industrial loan portfolio, we focus on the size of the customer s lending relationship, which we view as the aggregate amount of all loans and loan commitments outstanding to a commercial borrower and any related borrowers or guarantors. The average commercial and industrial lending relationship by balance at December 31, 2022 was 2.3 million. At December 31, 2022, our ten largest commercial and industrial lending relationships, including relationships with combined commercial and industrial and owner-occupied commercial real estate exposure (e.g., combination of outstanding principal balance and undrawn commitment amount), had an average exposure of 68.9 million and ranged in exposure size from 62.2 million to 80.4 million. 
 Approximately 66.6 of our commercial and industrial loan exposure at December 31, 2022 was to customers headquartered within our primary lending market, which consists of eastern and central Massachusetts, southern New Hampshire, including the seacoast region, and northern Rhode Island, although we participate in the syndicated loan market and the SNC Program. Our regulators and Eastern Bank consider a SNC to be any loan or loan commitment for which the commitment amount is equal to or greater than 100 million, in aggregate; and which is shared by three or more federally supervised unaffiliated institutions under a formal lending agreement; or a portion of which is sold to two or more federally supervised unaffiliated institutions, with the purchasing institutions assuming their pro rata share of the credit risk. As of December 31, 2022, our commercial and industrial SNC Program portfolio totaled 685.8 million, or 21.9 , of our commercial and industrial portfolio, and 37.3 of our commercial and industrial SNC Program portfolio were loans to borrowers headquartered in our primary lending market. 
 Our commercial and industrial portfolio also includes our Asset Based Lending Portfolio ABL Portfolio ), IRBs, and a portion of our PPP loans. IRBs are municipal bonds issued to finance major capital projects and the majority of our IRB portfolio is in educational and other non-profit sectors. As of December 31, 2022, our ABL, commercial and industrial IRB, and commercial and industrial PPP portfolios totaled 208.8 million, 1.0 billion, and 3.6 million, respectively. 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans. Loans in this category include mortgage loans and lines of credit on commercial real estate, both investment and owner occupied. Property types financed include office, industrial, multi-family, affordable housing, retail, hotel and other type properties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total commercial real estate loans of 5.2 billion, representing 38.0 of our total loans. As of December 31, 2022, owner occupied loans totaled 917.2 million, representing 17.8 , of our commercial real estate loans. Collateral values are established by independent third-party appraisals and evaluations. The primary 
 7 

repayment sources include operating income generated by the real estate, permanent debt refinancing and/or proceeds from the sale of the real estate. 
 Our commercial real estate loan portfolio includes IRB loans of 608.0 million, or 11.8 of our commercial real estate portfolio, as of December 31, 2022. 
 The average outstanding loan balance in our commercial real estate portfolio was approximately 3.5 million as of December 31, 2022, although we originate commercial real estate loans with balances significantly larger than this average. At December 31, 2022, our ten largest commercial real estate loans had an average exposure of 33.7 million, ranging from 27.0 million to 38.5 million. 
 We focus our commercial real estate lending on properties within our primary market area but will originate commercial real estate loans on properties located outside this area based on an established relationship with a strong borrower. We intend to continue to grow our commercial real estate loan portfolio while maintaining prudent underwriting standards. In addition to originating these loans, we also participate in commercial real estate loans with other financial institutions. Such participations are underwritten in accordance with our policies before we will participate in such loans. 
 We originate a variety of fixed- and adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans with terms and amortization periods generally up to 30 years, which may include balloon loans. Interest rates and payments on most of our adjustable-rate loans are set based upon the 30-day LIBOR or SOFR index plus a margin. See Risk Factors Changes to and replacement of LIBOR may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about the potential impact to our business. 
 If we foreclose on a commercial real estate loan, the marketing and liquidation period to convert the real estate asset to cash can be a lengthy process with substantial holding costs. In addition, vacancies, deferred maintenance, repairs and market stigma can result in prospective buyers expecting sale price concessions to offset their real or perceived economic losses for the time it takes them to return the property to profitability. Depending on the individual circumstances, initial charge-offs and subsequent losses on commercial real estate loans can be unpredictable and substantial. 
 Commercial Construction Loans. Loans in this category include construction project financing and are comprised of commercial real estate, business banking and residential loans for the purpose of constructing and developing real estate. Substantially all of our commercial construction portfolio is in commercial real estate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total commercial construction loans of 336.3 million, representing 2.5 of our total loans. The majority of the loans in this category, measured by the outstanding loan balance as of December 31, 2022, are secured by properties located in our primary lending area. At December 31, 2022, our ten largest construction loans had an average exposure of 27.4 million, ranging from 24.0 million to 34.0 million. 
 Most of our construction loans are interest-only loans that provide for the payment of interest during the construction phase, which is usually up to 36 months, although the terms of some construction loans are extended, generally for periods of six to 12 months. At the end of the construction phase, the loan may convert to a permanent mortgage loan or the loan may be paid in full. Loans generally can be made with a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 75 of the appraised market value upon completion of the project. When appropriate to the underwriting, a discounted cash flow analysis is utilized. Before making a commitment to fund a construction loan, we require an appraisal of the property by an independent licensed appraiser for construction and land development loans in excess of 500,000. For larger loans, we also will generally require an inspection of the property by an Eastern Bank-appointed construction engineer before disbursement of funds during the term of the construction loan. 
 Land development loans and IRB loans within the construction portfolio totaled 24.3 million and 36.9 million as of December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 Small Business Loans. This category, which we refer to as business banking, is comprised of loans to small businesses with exposures of under 1.0 million and small investment real estate projects with exposures of under 3.0 million. These loans are separate and distinct from our commercial and industrial and commercial real estate portfolios described above due to the size of the loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total business banking loans of 1.1 billion, representing 8.0 of our total loans. In this category, commercial and industrial loans and commercial real estate loans totaled 208.4 million and 882.1 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. Business banking originations include traditionally underwritten loans as well as partially automated scored loans. Our proprietary decision matrix, which includes a number of quantitative factors including, but not limited to, a guarantor s credit score, industry risk, and time in business, is used to determine whether to make business banking loans. 
 A portion of our small business loans are guaranteed by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ), through the SBA 7(a) loan program. The SBA 7(a) loan program supports, through a United States Government guarantee, 
 8 

some portion of the traditional commercial loan underwriting that might not be fully covered absent the guarantee. Eastern Bank is a preferred lender under the SBA s Preferred Lender Program, which allows expedited underwriting and approval of SBA 7(a) Loans. For 2009-2022, Eastern Bank was distinguished as the highest producer of SBA 7(a) loans, in terms of loan volume, in Massachusetts. As of December 31, 2022, our SBA portfolio held approximately 1,800 loans with 119.6 million outstanding. 
 Our PPP loans are included in our commercial and industrial loans portfolio, as previously indicated, and in our business banking portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of PPP loans included in our business banking portfolio was 6.2 million. 
 One- to Four-Family Residential Real Estate Loans. Our one- to four-family residential real estate loan portfolio consists of mortgage loans that enable borrowers to purchase or refinance existing homes, most of which serve as the primary residence of the owner. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total residential loans of 2.5 billion, representing 18.1 of our total loans. Underwriting considerations include, among others, income sources and their reliability, willingness to repay as evidenced by credit repayment history, financial resources including cash reserves and the value of the collateral. We maintain policy standards for minimum credit score and cash reserves and maximum loan to value consistent with a prime portfolio. Collateral consists of mortgage liens on residential dwellings. We do not originate or purchase sub-prime or other high-risk loans. 
 Our one-to four-family residential real estate loans generally do not have prepayment penalties. We generally do not offer loans with negative amortization and do not offer interest-only one- to four-family residential real estate loans, although we may provide for interest-only payments with respect to loan modifications. 
 Through a team of approximately 15 licensed mortgage loan officers, we originate residential loans either for sale to investors or to retain in our loan portfolio. Decisions about whether to sell or retain residential loans are made based on the interest rate characteristics, pricing for loans in the secondary mortgage market, competitive factors and our capital needs, although we generally retain non-conforming residential loans in our portfolio. Since 2016, we have outsourced to an independent party the processing, underwriting (using our criteria) and closing of residential loans originated by our mortgage loan officers. During the year ended December 31, 2022, residential real estate mortgage originations were 524.6 million, of which 60.3 million were sold on the secondary markets. We generally do not continue to service residential loans that we sell in the secondary market. 
 At December 31, 2022, our ten largest one- to four-family residential real estate loans had an average balance of 2.4 million, ranging from 2.2 million to 2.7 million. 
 As previously indicated, we began purchasing mortgage loans, specifically one- to four-family residential mortgages, during the year ended December 31, 2022. Loans purchased were subject to the same underwriting criteria as those loans originated directly by us. 
 Home Equity Loans and Lines of Credit. Loans in this category consist of home equity lines of credit and home equity loans. We offer home equity lines of credit with cumulative loan-to-value ratios generally up to 80 , when taking into account both the balance of the home equity line of credit and first mortgage loan. We maintain policy standards for minimum credit score and cash reserves and maximum loan-to-value ratios consistent with a prime portfolio. For home equity loans and lines of credit originated in 2022, the average Fair Isaac Corporation FICO score was 771. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total consumer home equity loans of 1.2 billion, representing 8.8 of our total loans. Home equity lines of credit are granted for ten years with monthly interest-only repayment requirements. Home equity lines of credit can be converted to term loans that are fully amortized. Underwriting considerations are materially consistent with those utilized in the residential real estate category. Collateral consists of a senior or subordinate lien on owner-occupied residential property. 
 Other Consumer Loans. Loans in this category consist of unsecured personal lines of credit, overdraft protection, automobile loans, home improvement loans, airplane loans and other personal loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total other consumer loans of 194.1 million, representing 1.4 of our total loans. Our policy and underwriting considerations in this category include, among others: income sources and reliability, credit histories, term of repayment and collateral value, as applicable. 
 Loan Sales and Purchases 
 We generally originate commercial loans for our portfolio, although we sell participation interests in commercial and industrial loans and commercial real estate loans to local financial institutions, primarily on the portion of loans exceeding our borrowing limits. 
 9 

We began purchasing mortgage loans, specifically one- to four-family residential mortgages, during the year ended December 31, 2022. Loans purchased were subject to the same underwriting criteria as those loans originated directly by us. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased 380.2 million of residential real estate loans. We purchase loan participations from other financial institutions and during the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased 650.5 million of loan participations. As of December 31, 2022, we held loan participation interests, including SNCs, totaling 1.5 billion in loans originated by other lenders, consisting of 1.0 billion of commercial and industrial loan participations, 422.0 million of commercial real estate loan participations, 96.1 million of commercial construction loan participations, and less than 0.1 million of business banking loan participations. 
 Loan Approval Procedures and Authority 
 Our lending activities follow written, non-discriminatory, underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by Eastern Bank s Board of Directors and management. Eastern Bank s Board of Directors has delegated loan approval authority to certain officers up to prescribed limits, depending on the officer s experience, the type of loan and whether the loan is secured or unsecured. Loans to commercial relationships of 3.0 million and above require approval by credit managers. Loans to commercial relationships greater than 5.0 million and up to our internal loans-to-one relationship limitation require approval by management s Credit Committee. All business banking loans under 1.5 million are approved by credit officers, and all business banking loans over 1.5 million are approved by the Credit Committee. Loan policy exceptions are fully disclosed to the approving authority, either an individual officer or the appropriate management or Credit Committee prior to approval. Exceptions are reported to the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors quarterly. 
 Loans-to-One Borrower Limit and Loan Category Concentration 
 The maximum amount that we may lend to one borrower and its related entities generally is limited, by statute, to 20 of our capital, which is defined under Massachusetts law as the sum of our capital shares, surplus account and undivided profits. At December 31, 2022, our regulatory limit on loans-to-one borrower was 494.4 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our internal limits on loans-to-one borrower (and related entities), all of which are subject to industry-specific sub-limits, were: 
 50.0 million for commercial real estate loans; 
 125.0 million for commercial real estate relationships; 
 50.0 million for commercial and industrial relationships, including loans to non-profit entities; 
 75.0 million for loans to education entities with a risk rating between 1 and 7; 
 50.0 million for loans to education entities with a risk rating of 8 and above; 
 75.0 million for loans to healthcare entities with a risk rating between 1 and 4; and 
 50.0 million for loans the healthcare entities with a risk rating of 5 and above; 
 Aggregate exposure limits can be increased up to 10 on an exception basis with the approval of the Credit Committee, including the approval of the Chief Credit Officer and the Chief Commercial Banking Officer. 
 Investment Activities 
 Our securities portfolio consists primarily of government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities (which includes collateralized mortgage obligations), government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities (which includes collateralized mortgage obligations), U.S. Agency bonds, U.S. Treasury securities, state and municipal bonds and obligations, and other debt securities. We view our securities portfolio as a source of income and liquidity. Interest and principal payments generated from securities provide a source of liquidity to fund loans and meet short-term cash needs. The Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for approving and overseeing our investment policy, which it reviews at least annually. This policy dictates that investment decisions be made based on the safety of the investment, liquidity requirements, potential returns and market risk considerations. At December 31, 2022, our securities totaled 7.2 billion, and generated interest and dividends of 20.8 of total interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022. On at least a quarterly basis, we assess our securities portfolio for expected credit losses in accordance with the current expected credit losses CECL methodology, with separate approaches depending on whether a security is classified as available for sale or held to maturity. 
 10 

Sources of Funds 
 Deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities. At December 31, 2022, total deposits were 19.0 billion. Deposits originating through our branch banking network have traditionally been the principal source of our funds for use in lending and for other general business purposes. We offer a range of demand deposits, interest checking, money market accounts, savings accounts and time certificates of deposit. Interest rates on deposits are based on factors that include loan demand, deposit maturities, alternative costs of funds, and interest rates offered by competing financial institutions in our market area. We believe we have been able to attract and maintain satisfactory levels of deposits based on the level of service we provide to our customers, the convenience of our banking locations, our electronic banking options, and our interest rates, all of which are generally competitive with those of competing financial institutions. 
 We also participate in the IntraFi Network, which allows us to provide access to multi-million dollar FDIC deposit insurance protection on deposits for consumers, businesses and public entities. We can elect to sell or repurchase this funding as reciprocal deposits from other IntraFi Network banks depending on funding needs. As of December 31, 2022, we had repurchased 665.0 million reciprocal deposits from other IntraFi Network banks and had no additional capacity. In addition, we may purchase brokered deposits as an additional source of funds. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we purchased brokered certificates of deposit which amounted to 928.6 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Borrowings. At December 31, 2022, total borrowings were 740.8 million. Borrowings consist of both short-term and long-term borrowings and primarily consist of FHLB advances. Borrowings provide us with one source of funding. Maintaining available borrowing capacity with the FHLB provides us with a contingent source of liquidity. 
 Eastern Bank is a member of the FHLB of Boston. The primary reason for our FHLBB membership is to gain access to a reliable source of wholesale funding, particularly term funding, as a tool to manage liquidity and interest rate risk. As a member of the FHLBB, we are required to purchase shares in the FHLBB. Accordingly, we had invested 41.4 million in shares of the FHLBB and had 704.1 million outstanding in FHLBB borrowings with original maturities ranging from 1 week to 20 years at December 31, 2022. In addition, we had 2.0 billion of borrowing capacity remaining with the FHLBB at December 31, 2022. 
 See Note 11, Borrowed Funds within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding borrowings. 
 Eastern Wealth Management 
 Through Eastern Bank s wealth management division, we offer a range of trust services, including managing customer investments, serving as custodian for customer assets, and providing other fiduciary services including serving as trustee and personal representative of estates. Our clients include individuals, trusts, businesses, employer-sponsored retirement plans and charitable organizations. Services offered include financial planning and portfolio management. At December 31, 2022, Eastern Bank held 2.9 billion of assets in a fiduciary, custodial or agency capacity for customers. These assets are not assets of Eastern Bank and therefore are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Eastern Wealth Management had 49 full-time equivalent employees as of December 31, 2022 and revenue of 23.6 million or approximately 13.4 of noninterest income during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Eastern Insurance Group LLC 
 Eastern Insurance Group, a wholly owned subsidiary of Eastern Bank, acts as an independent agent in offering personal, business and employee benefits insurance products to individual and commercial clients. Personal insurance products include life, accident and health, automobile, and property and liability insurance including fire, condominium, home and tenants, among others. Commercial insurance products include group life and health, commercial property and liability, surety, and workers compensation insurance, among others. Eastern Insurance Group also offers a wide range of employee benefits products and services, including professional advice related to health care cost management, employee engagement and executive services. As an agency business, Eastern Insurance Group does not assume any underwriting or insurance risk. The commissions we earn on the sale of these insurance products and services, which totaled 99.2 million or 56.3 of our total noninterest income during the year ended December 31, 2022, is the most significant portion of our noninterest income. Eastern Insurance Group represents many leading insurance companies. 
 Eastern Insurance Group operates through 21 non-branch offices in eastern Massachusetts, one office in Keene, New Hampshire, and one office in Providence, Rhode Island. As measured by revenue, Eastern Insurance Group is the third largest insurance agency in Massachusetts and the thirty-ninth largest property and casualty insurance agency in the United States. Eastern Insurance Group had 399 full-time equivalent employees as of December 31, 2022 and revenue of 98.8 million, or approximately 13.3 of our total revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 11 

Regulation 
 We are subject to the extensive regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies, bank subsidiaries and their affiliates. This framework is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund and the banking system as a whole, and generally is not intended for the protection of shareholders or other investors. Described below are the material elements of selected laws and regulations applicable to us, the Bank, our subsidiaries and our affiliates. These descriptions are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes and regulations described. 
 General 
 Eastern Bank is a Massachusetts-chartered non-member bank. Eastern Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC. Eastern Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, as its chartering authority, and by the FDIC, as its primary federal regulator. Eastern Bank is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks and the FDIC concerning its activities and financial condition and must obtain regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, including, but not limited to, mergers with or acquisitions of other financial institutions. Eastern Bank is a member of the FHLBB. 
 Eastern Bank is subject to federal and state regulation and supervision that establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an insured state-chartered bank can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and borrowers and, for purposes of the FDIC, the protection of the deposit insurance fund. The statutory regulatory structure also gives both federal and state regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. 
 As a bank holding company, Eastern Bankshares, Inc. is required to comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board. It is required to file certain reports with the Federal Reserve Board and is subject to examination by and subject to the enforcement authority of the Federal Reserve Board. Eastern Bankshares, Inc. is also subject to examination by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks. In addition, Eastern Bankshares, Inc. is subject to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the federal securities laws. 
 Any change in applicable laws or regulations could have a material adverse impact on the operations and financial performance of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. and Eastern Bank. In addition, Eastern Bankshares, Inc. and Eastern Bank are affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States Government, including the Federal Reserve Board. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the financial markets, it is impossible for management to accurately predict future changes in monetary policy or the effect such changes may have on the business or financial condition of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. and Eastern Bank. 
 Set forth below is a brief description of material regulatory requirements that are applicable to Eastern Bank and Eastern Bankshares, Inc. The description is limited to certain material aspects of the statutes and regulations addressed, and is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on Eastern Bank and Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 
 Massachusetts Banking Laws and Supervision 
 Eastern Bank, as a Massachusetts-chartered bank, is regulated and supervised by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks. The Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks is required to regularly examine each state-chartered bank. The approval of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks is required to establish or close branches, to merge with another bank, to issue shares and to undertake certain other activities. Any Massachusetts bank that does not operate in accordance with the regulations, policies and directives of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks may be sanctioned. The Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks may suspend or remove directors or officers of a Massachusetts-chartered bank who have violated the law, conducted a bank s business in a manner that is unsafe, unsound or contrary to the depositors interests, or been negligent in the performance of their duties. In addition, the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks has the authority to appoint the FDIC as a receiver or conservator if the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks or the FDIC determine that we are conducting our business in an unsafe or unauthorized manner, and under certain other circumstances. 
 The powers that Massachusetts-chartered banks can exercise under these laws include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Lending Activities. A Massachusetts-chartered bank may make a wide variety of mortgage loans including fixed-rate loans, adjustable-rate loans, variable-rate loans, participation loans, graduated payment loans, construction and development loans, condominium and co-operative loans, second mortgage loans and other types of loans that may be made in 
 12 

accordance with applicable regulations. Commercial loans may be made to corporations and other commercial enterprises with or without security. Consumer and personal loans may also be made with or without security. 
 Insurance Sales. Massachusetts-chartered banks may engage in insurance sales activities if the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks has approved a plan of operation for insurance activities and the bank obtains a license from the Massachusetts Division of Insurance. Massachusetts-chartered banks may be licensed directly or indirectly through an affiliate or a subsidiary corporation established for this purpose. Eastern Bank has received approval for insurance sales activities, and offers a variety of personal and business insurance products and services through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Eastern Insurance Group, a licensed insurance agency. Eastern Insurance Group has also obtained all licenses required by various state insurance regulatory authorities in other states that license, regulate and supervise insurance producers, brokers and agents. 
 Investment Activities. In general and subject to constraints under federal law, Massachusetts-chartered banks may invest in preferred and common shares of any corporation organized under the laws of the United States or any state provided such investments do not involve control of any corporation and do not, in the aggregate, exceed 4.0 of the bank s deposits and have separate authority to invest up to 15 of the bank s assets in shares listed on a national share exchange in the United States. Massachusetts-chartered banks may additionally invest an amount equal to 1.0 of their deposits in shares of Massachusetts corporations or companies with substantial employment in Massachusetts which have pledged to the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks that such monies will be used for further development within Massachusetts. At the present time, Eastern Bank has the grandfathered authority under state law to invest in equity securities. However, such investment authority is constrained by federal law. See the subsection titled Federal Bank Regulation Investment Activities for such federal restrictions. 
 Dividends. Massachusetts-chartered banks may declare from net profits cash dividends not more frequently than quarterly and non-cash dividends at any time. No dividends may be declared, credited or paid if the bank s capital is impaired. Massachusetts-chartered banks with outstanding preferred stock may not, without the prior approval of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, declare dividends on its common stock without also declaring dividends on the preferred stock. The approval of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks is required if the total of all dividends declared in any calendar year exceeds the total of its net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits of the preceding two years, less any required transfer to surplus or a fund for the retirement of any preferred shares. Net profits for this purpose means the remainder of all earnings from current operations plus actual recoveries on loans and investments and other assets after deducting current operating expenses, actual losses, accrued dividends on preferred shares, if any, and all federal and state taxes. 
 Liquidation Account Effect on Dividends. As a result of the conversion of Eastern Bank Corporation, the predecessor holding company of Eastern Bank, from a mutual into a stock holding company in connection with our IPO (the Conversion ), Eastern Bankshares, Inc. may not declare or pay a cash dividend on, or repurchase any of its capital shares if the effect thereof would cause its net worth to be reduced below (i) the amount required for the liquidation account established by Eastern Bankshares, Inc. in connection with the IPO Liquidation Account or (ii) the regulatory capital requirements of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. (to the extent applicable). 
 The Liquidation Account was designed to provide payments to depositors of their liquidation interests, if any, in the end of a liquidation of (a) Eastern Bankshares, Inc. and Eastern Bank, or (b) Eastern Bank. Under the plan of conversion of Eastern Bank Corporation in connection with the Conversion, eligible account holders received an interest in a liquidation account maintained by Eastern Bankshares, Inc. in an amount equal to (i) Eastern Bank Corporation s ownership interest in Eastern Bank s total shareholders equity as of the date of the latest statement of financial condition included in our IPO prospectus, plus (ii) the value of the net assets of Eastern Bank Corporation as of the date of the latest statement of financial condition of Eastern Bank Corporation prior to the consummation of the conversion (excluding its ownership of Eastern Bank). Eastern Bank Corporation s plan of conversion also provided for the establishment of a parallel liquidation account maintained at Eastern Bank to support Eastern Bankshares, Inc. s liquidation account in the event Eastern Bankshares, Inc. does not have sufficient assets to fund its obligations under Eastern Bankshares, Inc. s liquidation account. Eastern Bankshares, Inc. and Eastern Bank hold the Liquidation Account for the benefit of eligible account holders who have continued to maintain deposits in Eastern Bank following completion of the conversion. 
 Share Repurchases. Eastern Bankshares, Inc. may not repurchase any of its capital stock if the effect thereof would cause its net worth to be reduced below (i) the amount required for the Liquidation Account or (ii) the regulatory capital requirements of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. (to the extent applicable). In addition, under Massachusetts regulations, Eastern Bankshares, Inc. may not repurchase shares of its common stock during the first three years following the completion of the IPO, except to fund tax-qualified or non-tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans, or except in amounts not greater than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock where compelling and valid business reasons are established to the satisfaction of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks. 
 13 

On November 12, 2021, we received a notice of non-objection from the Federal Reserve Board to our first proposed share repurchase program. Our authorization to repurchase shares under this program, which was approved by our Board of Directors, was limited to 9,337,900 shares, which represented 5 of our then-outstanding shares of common stock, over a 12-month period. The program was further limited to 225.0 million through November 30, 2022. We completed the repurchase of the total number of shares authorized through this program during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On September 7, 2022, we announced receipt of a notice of non-objection from the Federal Reserve Board for a new share repurchase program. The program, which authorizes the purchase of up to 8,900,000 shares, or 5.0 of our then-outstanding shares of common stock over a 12-month period, is limited to 200.0 million through August 31, 2023. 
 Protection of Personal Information. Massachusetts has adopted statutory and regulatory requirements intended to protect personal information. The requirements are similar to federal laws such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, discussed below under Federal Bank Regulation Privacy Regulations. They require organizations to establish written information security programs to prevent identity theft and other fraud. The Massachusetts regulation also contains technology system security requirements, especially for the encryption of personal information sent over wireless or public networks or stored on portable devices. 
 Parity Powers. Massachusetts-chartered banks may, in accordance with Massachusetts law, exercise any power and engage in any activity that has been authorized for national banks, federal thrifts or state banks in a state other than Massachusetts, provided that the activity is permissible under applicable federal law and not specifically prohibited by Massachusetts law. Such powers and activities must be subject to the same limitations and restrictions imposed on the national bank, federal thrift or out-of-state bank that exercised the power or activity. A Massachusetts bank may exercise such powers, and engage in such activities by providing 30 days advanced written notice to the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks. 
 Loans to One Borrower Limitations. Massachusetts banking law grants broad lending authority. However, with certain limited exceptions, total obligations of one borrower and related interests to a bank may not exceed 20.0 of the total of the bank s capital, which is defined under Massachusetts law as the sum of the bank s capital shares, surplus account and undivided profits. 
 Loans to a Bank s Insiders. Under Massachusetts law, a Massachusetts-chartered bank must comply with Regulation O of the Federal Reserve Board and the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks retains examination and enforcement authority to ensure compliance. Regulation O generally requires that extensions of credit to insiders: 
 be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; 
 not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of the Massachusetts financial institution s capital; and 
 meet other definitional and procedural requirements as specified in the regulation. 
 Regulatory Enforcement Authority. Any Massachusetts-chartered bank that does not operate in accordance with the regulations, policies and directives of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks may be subject to sanctions for non-compliance, including seizure of the property and business of the bank, imposition of a conservatorship or revocation of its charter. The Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks may, under certain circumstances, suspend or remove officers or directors who have violated the law, conducted the bank s business in a manner which is unsafe, unsound or contrary to the depositors interests or been negligent in the performance of their duties. In addition, upon finding that a bank has engaged in an unfair or deceptive act or practice, the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks may issue an order to cease and desist and impose a fine on the bank concerned. Massachusetts consumer protection and civil rights statutes applicable to Eastern Bank permit private individual and class action lawsuits and provide for the rescission of consumer transactions, including loans, and the recovery of statutory and punitive damage and attorney s fees in the case of certain violations of those statutes. 
 Massachusetts has other statutes and regulations that are similar to the federal provisions discussed below. 
 Federal Bank Regulation 
 Capital Requirements. Federal regulations require FDIC-insured depository institutions, such as Eastern Bank, to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets ratio of 8.0 , and a Tier 1 capital to average assets leverage ratio of 4.0 . The Federal Reserve has substantially identical requirements for the holding company. For further discussion of these requirements, see Note 16, "Minimum Capital Requirements " within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 14 

For purposes of the regulatory capital requirements, common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common shareholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred shares and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred shares and long-term perpetual preferred shares, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred shares and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets. As permitted by applicable capital regulations, we have opted out of the requirement to include Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI in our regulatory capital determinations. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. 
 In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets (e.g., recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and certain United States government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one to four- family residential mortgages, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of up to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. 
 In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer in an amount of 2.5 or greater, on top of the minimum risk-based capital ratios. For banking organizations seeking to avoid the limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments, the capital conservation buffer effectively increases the minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio to 7.0 , the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio to 8.5 , and the minimum total capital ratio to 10.5 . At December 31, 2022, Eastern Bank exceeded the regulatory requirement for the capital conservation buffer. 
 The FDIC Improvement Act required each federal banking agency to revise its risk-based capital standards for insured institutions to ensure that those standards take adequate account of interest-rate risk, concentration of credit risk, and the risk of nontraditional activities, as well as to reflect the actual performance and expected risk of loss on multi-family residential loans. The FDIC, along with the other federal banking agencies, adopted a regulation providing that the agencies will take into account the exposure of a bank s capital and economic value to changes in interest rate risk in assessing a bank s capital adequacy. The FDIC also has authority to establish individual minimum capital requirements in appropriate cases upon determination that an institution s capital level is, or is likely to become, inadequate in light of the particular circumstances. 
 Standards for Safety and Soundness. As required by statute, the federal banking agencies adopted final regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement safety and soundness standards. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines address internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, credit underwriting, loan documentation, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings and compensation, fees and benefits. The agencies have also established standards for safeguarding customer information. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. 
 Investment Activities. All state-chartered FDIC-insured banks, including Massachusetts-chartered banks, are generally limited in their investment activities to principal and equity investments of the type and in the amount authorized for national banks, notwithstanding state law, subject to certain exceptions. For example, state-chartered banks may, with FDIC approval, continue to exercise state authority that was in existence as of September 30, 1991, to invest in common or preferred shares listed on a national securities exchange and in the shares of an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The maximum permissible investment is 100 of Tier 1 Capital, as specified by the FDIC s regulations, or the maximum amount permitted by Massachusetts law, whichever is less. 
 In addition, the FDIC is authorized to permit such a state bank to engage as principal in state-authorized activities or investments not permissible for national banks (other than non-subsidiary equity investments) if it meets all applicable capital requirements and the FDIC determines that such activities or investments do not pose a significant risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The FDIC has adopted procedures for institutions seeking approval to engage in such activities or investments. In addition, a nonmember bank may control a subsidiary that engages in activities as principal that would only be permitted for a national bank to conduct in a financial subsidiary if a bank meets specified conditions and deducts its investment in the subsidiary for regulatory capital purposes. 
 15 

Interstate Banking and Branching. Federal law permits well capitalized and well managed bank holding companies to acquire banks in any state, subject to Federal Reserve Board approval, certain concentration limits and other specified conditions. Interstate mergers of banks are also authorized, subject to regulatory approval and other specified conditions. In addition, amendments adopted as part of the Dodd-Frank Act permit banks to establish de novo branches on an interstate basis to the extent that branching is authorized by the law of the host state for the banks chartered by that state. 
 Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulatory authorities take prompt corrective action with respect to banks that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. 
 The FDIC has adopted regulations to implement the prompt corrective action legislation. An institution is deemed to be well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater and a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater. An institution is adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater and a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 or a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 or a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . As of December 31, 2022, Eastern Bank was a well capitalized institution under FDIC regulations. 
 At each successive lower capital category, an insured depository institution is subject to more restrictions and prohibitions, including restrictions on growth, restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, restrictions or prohibitions on payment of dividends, and restrictions on the acceptance of brokered deposits. Furthermore, if an insured depository institution is classified in one of the undercapitalized categories, it is required to submit a capital restoration plan to the appropriate federal banking agency, and the holding company must guarantee the performance of that plan. Based upon its capital levels, a bank that is classified as well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, or undercapitalized may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice, warrants such treatment. An undercapitalized bank s compliance with a capital restoration plan is required to be guaranteed by any company that controls the undercapitalized institution in an amount equal to the lesser of 5.0 of the institution s total assets when deemed undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve the status of adequately capitalized. If an undercapitalized bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. Significantly undercapitalized banks must comply with one or more of a number of additional restrictions, including but not limited to an order by the FDIC to sell sufficient voting shares to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, cease receipt of deposits from correspondent banks or dismiss directors or officers, and restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, compensation of executive officers and capital distributions by the parent holding company. Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to additional measures including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a receiver or conservator within 270 days after it obtains such status. 
 Transaction with Affiliates and Regulation W of the Federal Reserve Board Regulations. Transactions between banks and their affiliates are governed by federal law. An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. In a holding company context, the parent bank holding company and any companies which are controlled by such parent holding company are affiliates of the bank (although subsidiaries of the bank itself, except financial subsidiaries, are generally not considered affiliates). Generally, Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve Board s Regulation W limit the extent to which the bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10.0 of such institution s capital shares and surplus, and with all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20.0 of such institution s capital shares and surplus. Section 23B applies to covered transactions as well as to certain other transactions and requires that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable, to the institution or subsidiary as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans to, purchase of assets from, and issuance of a guarantee to an affiliate, and other similar transactions. Section 23B transactions also include the provision of services and the sale of assets by a bank to an affiliate. In addition, loans or other extensions of credit by the financial institution to the affiliate are required to be collateralized in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act. 
 Sections 22(h) and (g) of the Federal Reserve Act place restrictions on loans to a bank s insiders, i.e., executive officers, directors and principal shareholders. Under Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act, loans to a director, an executive officer and to a greater than 10.0 shareholder of a financial institution, and certain affiliated interests of these, together with 
 16 

all other outstanding loans to such person and affiliated interests, may not exceed specified limits. Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act also requires that loans to directors, executive officers and principal shareholders be made on terms and conditions substantially the same as offered in comparable transactions to persons who are not insiders and also requires prior board approval for certain loans. In addition, the aggregate amount of extensions of credit by a financial institution to insiders cannot exceed the institution s unimpaired capital and surplus. Section 22(g) of the Federal Reserve Act places additional restrictions on loans to executive officers. 
 Enforcement. The FDIC has extensive enforcement authority over insured state-chartered banks, including Eastern Bank. The enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders, remove directors and officers and prohibit institution affiliated parties from banking. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws and regulations, breaches of fiduciary duty and unsafe or unsound practices. The FDIC is required, with certain exceptions, to appoint a receiver or conservator for an insured state nonmember bank if that bank was critically undercapitalized on average during the calendar quarter beginning 270 days after the date on which the institution became critically undercapitalized. The FDIC may also appoint itself as conservator or receiver for an insured state non-member bank under specified circumstances, including: insolvency; substantial dissipation of assets or earnings through violations of law or unsafe or unsound practices; existence of an unsafe or unsound condition to transact business; insufficient capital; or the incurrence of losses that will deplete substantially all of the institution s capital with no reasonable prospect of replenishment without federal assistance. 
 Federal Insurance of Deposit Accounts. Eastern Bank is a member of the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the FDIC. The Deposit Insurance Fund provides deposit insurance of 250,000 per depositor, per insured bank, for each of the eight ownership categories defined by the FDIC, provided that the requirements for each ownership category are met. 
 The FDIC assesses deposit insurance premiums on each insured institution quarterly based on risk characteristics of the institution. As a bank with assets of more than 10 billion, Eastern Bank is subject to a deposit assessment based on a scorecard issued by the FDIC. This scorecard considers, among other things, Eastern Bank s rating under the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council s Uniform Financial Institutions Rating System, or CAMELS rating, results of asset-related stress testing and funding-related stress, as well as our use of core deposits, among other things. Depending on the results of Eastern Bank s performance under that scorecard, the total base assessment rate is between 1.5 and 40 basis points. The FDIC Board of Directors may also impose special assessments under stressed circumstances. 
 The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments. A significant increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of Eastern Bank. Future insurance assessment rates cannot be predicted. 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule order or regulatory condition imposed in writing. We do not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of deposit insurance. 
 Privacy Regulations. FDIC regulations generally require that Eastern Bank disclose its privacy policy, including identifying with whom it shares a customer s non-public personal information, to customers at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. In addition, Eastern Bank is required to provide its customers with the ability to opt-out of having their personal information shared with unaffiliated third parties and not to disclose account numbers or access codes to non-affiliated third parties for marketing purposes. Eastern Bank currently has a privacy protection policy in place and believes that such policy is in compliance with the regulations. 
 Community Reinvestment Act. Under the Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, as implemented by FDIC regulations, Eastern Bank as a non-member bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. The CRA does require the FDIC, in connection with its examination of a non-member bank, to assess the institution s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution, including applications to acquire branches and other financial institutions. The CRA requires the FDIC to provide a written evaluation of an institution s CRA performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. Eastern Bank s most recently published FDIC CRA performance rating was Outstanding. 
 Massachusetts has its own statutory counterpart to the CRA which is also applicable to Eastern Bank. The Massachusetts version is generally similar to the CRA but utilizes a five-tiered descriptive rating system. Massachusetts law requires the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks to consider, but not be limited to, a bank s record of performance under Massachusetts law in considering any application by the bank to establish a branch or other deposit-taking facility, to relocate 
 17 

an office or to merge or consolidate with or acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of any other banking institution. Eastern Bank s most recent 2022 CRA performance rating under Massachusetts law was Outstanding. 
 On December 14, 2021, The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued a final rule to rescind its June 2020 Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) rule and replace it with a rule based on the rules adopted jointly by the Federal banking agencies in 1995, as amended. The OCC s action facilitates the planned future issuance of updated interagency CRA rules with the Federal Reserve Board and FDIC to modernize the CRA regulatory framework and promote consistency for all insured depository institutions. It is unclear whether or when a final rule will be promulgated. It is also unclear whether the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks will adopt corresponding changes to its CRA regulations, which apply to all Massachusetts-chartered banks, including Eastern Bank. 
 Compensation Practices. Our compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC. The federal banking regulators have provided guidance designed to ensure that incentive compensation arrangements at banking organizations take into account risk and are consistent with safe and sound practices. The guidance sets forth the following three key principles with respect to incentive compensation arrangements: (i) the arrangements should provide employees with incentives that appropriately balance risk and financial results in a manner that does not encourage employees to expose their organizations to imprudent risk; (ii) the arrangements should be compatible with effective controls and risk management; and (iii) the arrangements should be supported by strong corporate governance. The guidance provides that supervisory findings with respect to incentive compensation will be incorporated, as appropriate, into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or perform other actions. The guidance also provides that enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements or related risk management, control or governance processes pose a risk to the organization s safety and financial weakness. The federal banking agencies have yet to adopt regulations implementing the executive compensation provisions of the Dodd Frank Act. In August 2022, the SEC adopted new rules requiring public companies to disclose in future proxy statements the relationship between executive pay and company financial performance. Among other items, the new rules require: (1) tabular disclosure of compensation actually paid to certain executive officers, along with certain company and peer performance metrics; (2) a graphical or narrative explanation of the relationship between compensation paid and applicable performance measures; and (3) a tabular list of financial performance measures applied to executive compensation for the most recent fiscal year. 
 Consumer Protection and Fair Lending Regulations. Massachusetts-chartered banks are subject to a variety of federal and Massachusetts statutes and regulations that are intended to protect consumers and prohibit discrimination in the granting of credit. These statutes and regulations provide for a range of sanctions for non-compliance with their terms, including imposition of administrative fines and remedial orders, and referral to the Attorney General for prosecution of a civil action for actual and punitive damages and injunctive relief. Certain of these statutes authorize private individual and class action lawsuits and the award of actual, statutory and punitive damages and attorneys fees for certain types of violations. 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Supervision. With total assets in excess of 10 billion, Eastern Bank is classified as a large bank and therefore is subject to direct supervision and examination by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB for compliance with federal consumer financial law under Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 USA PATRIOT Act. Eastern Bank is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act, which gave federal agencies additional powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing, and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. By way of amendments to the Bank Secrecy Act, Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act provided measures intended to encourage information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions of Title III impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions, including banks, thrifts, brokers, dealers, credit unions, money transfer agents, and parties registered under the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 CARES Act . Eastern Bank has been impacted by provisions of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or CARES Act, containing, among other provisions, certain temporary regulatory forbearance measures applicable during the COVID-19 pandemic state of emergency and temporary relief from troubled debt restructurings. 
 Consolidated Appropriations Act. Eastern Bank has been impacted by provisions of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, which was enacted on December 27, 2020. These provisions extend certain provisions related to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States (which were due to expire) and provides additional emergency relief to individuals and businesses. Included within the provisions of the Consolidated Appropriations Act was the extension of Section 4013 of the CARES Act to January 1, 2022, which provided relief from a requirement to evaluate loans that had received COVID-19 modifications to determine if the loans required troubled debt restructuring TDR treatment provided certain criteria were met. Accordingly, we applied the TDR relief granted pursuant to such section to any qualifying loan modifications executed during the allowable time period. 
 18 

Other Regulations 
 Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by Eastern Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. Loan operations are also subject to state and federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 
 Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; 
 Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; 
 Massachusetts Debt Collection Regulations, establishing standards, by defining unfair or deceptive acts or practices, for the collection of debts from persons within the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the General Laws of Massachusetts, Chapter 167E, which governs Eastern Bank s lending powers; and 
 Rules and regulations of the various federal and state agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal and state laws. 
 The deposit operations of Eastern Bank also are subject to, among others, the: 
 Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; 
 Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; 
 Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; and 
 General Laws of Massachusetts, Chapter 167D, which governs deposit powers. 
 Federal Reserve System 
 Historically, the Federal Reserve Board regulations required depository institutions to maintain interest-earning reserves against their transaction accounts. However, in March of 2020, the Federal Reserve Board eliminated reserve requirements and therefore there was no minimum reserve requirement as of December 31, 2022. The Federal Reserve Board has stated that it has no plans to re-impose reserve requirements. However, they may adjust reserve requirement ratios in the future if conditions warrant. The annual interest rate on reserve balances was 4.40 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System 
 Eastern Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The FHLB provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. Members of the FHLB are required to acquire and hold shares of capital shares in the FHLB bank of which they are a member. Eastern Bank acquired capital shares in the FHLBB and was in compliance with this requirement at December 31, 2022. Based on redemption provisions of the FHLBB, the shares have no quoted market value and are carried at cost. Eastern Bank reviews for impairment based on the ultimate recoverability of the cost basis of the FHLBB shares. As of December 31, 2022, no impairment had been recognized. 
 At its discretion, the FHLBB may declare dividends on the shares. The FHLBs are required to contribute a percentage of their net earnings towards funds for affordable housing programs. These requirements could reduce the amount of dividends that the FHLBs pay to their members and result in the FHLBs imposing a higher rate of interest on advances to their members. Dividend income from the FHLB during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.3 million. There can be no assurance that such dividends will continue in the future. 
 19 

Holding Company Regulation 
 Eastern Bankshares, Inc. is subject to examination, regulation, and periodic reporting under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, as administered by the Federal Reserve Board. Eastern Bankshares, Inc. is required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire all, or substantially all, of the assets of any bank or bank holding company. Prior Federal Reserve Board approval would be required for Eastern Bankshares, Inc. to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, it would, directly or indirectly, own or control more than 5 of any class of voting shares of the bank or bank holding company. In addition to the approval of the Federal Reserve Board, prior approval may also be necessary from other agencies having supervisory jurisdiction over the bank to be acquired before any bank acquisition can be completed. 
 A bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging in non-banking activities, or acquiring direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting securities of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for activities found by the Federal Reserve Board to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Some of the principal activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined by regulation to be so closely related to banking are: (i) making or servicing loans; (ii) performing certain data processing services; (iii) providing discount brokerage services; (iv) acting as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor; (v) leasing personal or real property; (vi) making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (vii) acquiring a savings and loan association whose direct and indirect activities are limited to those permitted for bank holding companies. 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 authorized a bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including being well-capitalized and well managed, to opt to become a financial holding company and thereby engage in a broader array of financial activities than previously permitted. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment banking. Eastern Bankshares, Inc. has no present plan or intent to elect to become a financial holding company. 
 Eastern Bankshares, Inc. is subject to the Federal Reserve Board s capital adequacy guidelines for bank holding companies (on a consolidated basis) which have historically been similar to, though less stringent than, those of the FDIC for Eastern Bank. The Dodd-Frank Act, however, required the Federal Reserve Board to promulgate consolidated capital requirements for depository institution holding companies that are no less stringent, both quantitatively and in terms of components of capital, than those applicable to the depository institutions themselves. Consolidated regulatory capital requirements identical to those applicable to the subsidiary banks apply to bank holding companies. 
 A bank holding company is generally required to give the Federal Reserve Board prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of its consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve Board may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve Board order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve Board. There is an exception to this approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions. 
 The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement regarding capital distributions, including dividends, by bank holding companies. In general, the Federal Reserve Board s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve Board s policies also require that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by standing ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the source of strength doctrine. Under the prompt corrective action laws, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has issued guidance that requires consultation with the agency prior to a bank holding company s payment of dividends or repurchase of shares under certain circumstances. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. to pay dividends, repurchase its shares or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 
 Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, depository institutions are liable to the FDIC for losses suffered or anticipated by the FDIC in connection with the default of a commonly controlled depository institution or any assistance provided by the FDIC to such an institution in danger of default. Eastern Bankshares, Inc. does not control two depository institutions that would subject it to the cross-guarantee provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. 
 The status of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. as a registered bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act will not exempt it from certain federal and state laws and regulations applicable to corporations generally, including, without limitation, certain provisions of the federal securities laws. 
 20 

Massachusetts Holding Company Regulation. Under the Massachusetts banking laws, a company owning or controlling two or more banking institutions is regulated as a bank holding company. The term company is defined by the Massachusetts banking laws similarly to the definition of company under the Bank Holding Company Act. Each Massachusetts bank holding company: (i) must obtain the approval of the Massachusetts Board of Bank Incorporation before engaging in certain transactions, such as the acquisition of more than 5 of the voting shares of another banking institution; (ii) must register, and file reports, with the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks; and (iii) is subject to examination by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Eastern Bankshares, Inc. is not a bank holding company under the Massachusetts banking laws, because Eastern Bank is our sole bank subsidiary. 
 Regulation of Eastern Insurance Group LLC 
 Eastern Insurance Group LLC is subject to regulation and supervision by the Massachusetts Division of Insurance, and various state insurance regulatory authorities in other states that license, regulate and supervise insurance producers, brokers and agents. 
 Federal Securities Laws 
 The class of common stock of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, and therefore Eastern Bankshares Inc. and our shareholders are subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Exchange Act. 
 The registration under the Securities Act of 1933 of shares of common stock issued in Eastern Bankshares, Inc. s IPO under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act does not cover the resale of those shares. Shares of common stock purchased by persons who are not affiliates of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. may be resold without registration. Shares purchased by an affiliate of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. are subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act Rule 144 ). If Eastern Bankshares, Inc. meets the current public information requirements of Rule 144, each affiliate of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. that complies with the other conditions of Rule 144, including those that require the affiliate s sale to be aggregated with those of other persons, would be able to sell in the public market, without registration, a number of shares not to exceed, in any three-month period, the greater of 1 of the outstanding shares of Eastern Bankshares, Inc., or the average weekly volume of trading in the shares during the preceding four calendar weeks. In the future, Eastern Bankshares, Inc. may permit affiliates to have their shares registered for sale under the Securities Act. 
 In December 2021, the SEC proposed rules related to corporate share repurchase programs, which include extensive disclosure requirements for public companies that engage in share repurchasing. Our future share repurchase programs will likely be subject to these or other share repurchase disclosure requirements. The proposed rules would require an issuer to provide a new Form SR disclosing the amount of purchased shares, share price, and other information on the first business day following the execution date. The proposed amendments also would enhance existing periodic disclosure requirements requiring an issuer to disclose: the objective or rationale for the share repurchases and the process or criteria used to determine the repurchase amounts; any policies and procedures relating to purchases and sales of the issuer s securities by its officers and directors during a repurchase program, including any restriction on such transactions; and whether the issuer is making its repurchases pursuant to a plan that it intends to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1(c) and/or the conditions of the Exchange Act Rule 10b-18 non-exclusive safe harbor. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is intended to improve corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies, and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to federal securities laws. We have policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with these regulations, and we review and document such policies, procedures and systems to ensure continued compliance with these regulations. 
 Change in Control Regulations 
 Under the Change in Bank Control Act, no person, or group of persons acting in concert, may acquire control of a bank holding company such as Eastern Bankshares, Inc. unless the Federal Reserve Board has been given 60 days prior written notice and not disapproved the proposed acquisition. The Federal Reserve Board considers several factors in evaluating a notice, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and competitive effects. Control, as defined under the applicable regulations, means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of us or to vote 25 or more of any class of voting securities of ours. Acquisition of more than 10 of any class of a bank holding company s voting securities constitutes a rebuttable presumption of control under certain circumstances, including where, as will be the case with Eastern Bankshares, Inc., the issuer has registered securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 21 

Substantially similar requirements are imposed under Massachusetts law with respect to the acquisition of control, directly or indirectly, of Eastern Bank. 
 In addition, federal regulations provide that no company may acquire control (as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act) of a bank holding company without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Any company that acquires such control becomes a bank holding company subject to registration, examination and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 Through October 14, 2023, no person may acquire beneficial ownership of more than 10 of our common stock without prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board and the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks. If any person exceeds this 10 beneficial ownership threshold, shares in excess of 10 will not be counted as shares entitled to vote through October 14, 2023. 
 Legal and Regulatory Proceedings 
 We operate in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes us to potentially significant risks. In addition to the matters described below, in the normal course of business, we are named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including class actions and other individual litigation matters, arising in connection with our activities as a banking institution, including with respect to allegations of unfair or deceptive business practices and our role in administering trusts for which we are a trustee alone or with others. We also face legal exposure associated with employment actions, which at times can result in matters against Eastern Bank before the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination or the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Actual or threatened legal actions against us include claims for substantial amounts of compensatory damages, claims for intermediate amounts of compensatory damages and claims for punitive damages. Compliance with all applicable laws and regulations involves a significant investment in time and resources. Any new laws or regulations applicable to our business, any changes to existing laws or regulations, or any changes to the interpretations or enforcement of those laws or regulations, may affect our operations and/or financial condition. For additional information, see Note 18, Commitments and Contingencies within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In part as a result of the extensive regulation, supervision and examination of our business described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are also involved, from time to time, in other reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, public or private censure, increased costs, required remediation, restriction on business activities or other impacts on us. 
 We contest liability and the amount of damages as appropriate in each pending matter. Where available information indicates that it is probable a liability has been incurred at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and we can reasonably estimate the amount of that loss, we accrue the estimated loss as a charge to income. 
 In many proceedings, however, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even possible or to estimate the amount of any loss. We cannot predict with certainty if, how or when such proceedings will be resolved or what the eventual settlement, fine, penalty or other relief, if any, may be, particularly for proceedings that are in their early stages of development or where plaintiffs seek substantial or indeterminate damages. Numerous issues may need to be resolved before liability can be reasonably estimated, including through potentially lengthy discovery and determination of important factual matters, determination of issues related to class certification and the calculation of damages and by addressing novel or unsettled legal questions relevant to the proceedings in question. 
 The activities of Eastern Bank, including with respect to disclosures about and implementation of numerous consumer products, are subject to various laws and numerous regulations, including those related to unfair or deceptive acts or practices. If Eastern Bank is found to have violated one or more consumer protection laws, it may be required to pay restitution to certain affected customers in connection with certain of these practices. In addition, Eastern Bank may face formal administrative enforcement actions from its federal and other governmental supervisory agencies, including the assessment of civil monetary penalties and restitution, relating to consumer products, and could also face potential civil litigation. For further information regarding risks related to regulatory actions and litigation, please refer to Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Operational risks are inherent in our businesses, Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulations in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion (DE I) 
 The Company, which employed 2,146 employees as of December 31, 2022, including 1,950 full-time employees, is deeply committed to having a diverse workforce reflective of the communities we serve, where all feel included and 
 22 

supported. We seek to build and sustain diversity, equity and inclusion DEI as a critical aspect of our work and workplace environment, which we believe makes us a better employer, provider of services to our customers, member of our communities and investment for our shareholders. 
 The Company has long been committed to and recognized as a leader in DEI, as evidenced by: 
 Our diverse Board of Directors. DEI starts with our diverse Board of Directors, which has long been led by professionals of color, including Lead Director Deborah Jackson. Overall, 45 of our Board of Directors is comprised of women and people of color. 
 Our DEI Governance. Each committee of the Board, including the Compensation and Human Capital Management, Nominating and Governance, Audit and Risk Management Committees, has oversight of aspects of the Company s DEI strategic priorities. We also have a DEI Executive Committee led by the CEO, as well as a DEI Steering Committee comprised of executives, leaders of our employee resource groups and outside professionals. 
 Our diverse leadership team. Our Management Committee, which runs the Company, is comprised of 14 executives, about 43 of whom are women or people of color, including our President, Quincy Miller, and Sujata Yadav, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer and the first woman of color to serve on this leadership team. 
 Our history. Our first customer was a woman, and for over 200 years women have played a key role in our Company s success. Women comprise 66 of our total workforce. 
 Our record of being and recognition as a DEI leader. In 2022, we were recognized as a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ equality by the Human Rights Campaign for the ninth consecutive year. We were the first company in the country to sign the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation s amicus brief that asked the U.S. Supreme Court to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act. We offer comprehensive transgender-inclusive healthcare coverage, including coverage for treatments and services related to sex affirmation or reassignment. We also are a founding member of the Massachusetts LGBT Chamber of Commerce and the LGBT Business Network, working to promote opportunities for LGBT-owned businesses, corporations and professionals. 
 Our 11 employee resource groups ERGs ). Each group has an executive sponsor and serves as a source of support and inclusion for colleagues. The groups also provide guidance to leadership, with ERG leaders serving on our DEI Steering Committee. ERG highlights in 2022 include: 
 Our disAbility Advocacy Alliance facilitated a discussion with education law experts to help colleagues advocate for educational support and service for family members with special education needs; 
 Our Latinos In Action group led a number of colleague development sessions, including roundtables that celebrated diversity, inclusion and intersectionality; 
 Our Parents Network organized a live session led by experts on mental health to address the challenges of parenting children whose mental health has been affected by the pandemic; 
 As part of our Black History Month celebration, our Black Professional Alliance group held a panel discussion with leaders from King Boston, the Black Economic Council of MA and the New Commonwealth Racial Equity and Social Justice Fund, moderated by President Quincy Miller, to discuss Martin Luther King Jr. s roots in Boston and the groundbreaking work these organizations perform; 
 Our Young Professionals Group, in collaboration with Latinos in Action, sponsored a peer mentoring program. 
 The ERGs reflect the diversity of our workforce and the communities we serve, and include: 
 Asian American Professional Collective; 
 Black Professional Alliance; 
 Latinos in Action; 
 disAbility Advocacy Alliance; 
 Equality Under the Blue (LGBTQ+); 
 Sustainability Network (environment); 
 Heart of Eastern (volunteerism); 
 23 

Parenting Networking Group; 
 Military Veterans and Families Network; 
 Women s Interest Network; and 
 Young Professionals Network. 
 We are proud of our longstanding commitment to DEI. Yet, we also recognize that we have more work to do to improve DEI, including at senior leadership levels. In 2022, we continued to implement our Road to Equity action plan that was launched in 2021, which reflects efforts to increase DEI across the Company, including talent acquisition, retention and development, supplier diversity, products and services, and philanthropic support from the Eastern Bank Foundation. In 2022, our senior management set key objectives to help drive an enhanced focus on DEI, including measuring and reporting progress on quantitative DEI goals related to human capital management, supplier diversity and philanthropic spend in underserved communities. We also continued to invest in programs and trainings to further support the Road to Equity. Eastern Insurance Group launched a Career Development Rotational Program providing diverse talent opportunities in the insurance sector. Our Commercial Credit Training Program enhanced its focus on serving as an on-ramp into Commercial Lending and Credit for women and people of color, who are underrepresented in these divisions at our Company. Supplier diversity goals were tracked across all divisions in our Company while we formed a team to focus on business products and services related to historically underserved business owners. 
 Management partners with external organizations to develop diverse candidate pipelines, regularly reports on diverse hiring to the Board of Directors and the Compensation and Human Capital Management Committee, and has a talent acquisition team comprised of diverse colleagues. In 2022, despite a competitive labor market, we achieved record racial diversity hiring, with 47 of new hires racially diverse. Also in 2022, 60 of new hires were women. Our hiring at the Vice President and above level continues to be a focus area. In 2022, 25 of our hires at those senior levels were diverse, and 40 were women. 
 We provide DEI training across all divisions with the assistance and leadership of experienced external DEI professionals. This has included mandatory training on our DEI strategy for all employees; a live facilitated discussion called Understanding Racism offered to all employees; and a pilot focused on understanding and preventing microaggressions. 
 Demographics 
 The tables below depict our demographics as of December 31, 2022 for our Board of Directors, our Management Committee (which consists of our most senior executive leaders), our total workforce, and new hires in 2022: 
 2022 Board of Directors Gender Race Ethnicity Female Male Not Disclosed Total Asian Black Latinx Not Disclosed Other POC White Total Count 
 3 8 11 1 1 1 8 11 Percentage 
 27.3 72.7 100.0 9.1 9.1 9.1 72.7 100.0 
 2022 Management Committee Gender Race Ethnicity Female Male Not Disclosed Total Asian Black Latinx Not Disclosed Other POC White Total Count 
 5 9 14 1 1 12 14 Percentage 
 35.7 64.3 100.0 7.1 7.1 85.8 100.0 
 2022 Total Workforce Gender Race Ethnicity Female Male Non-binary Total Asian Black Latinx Not Disclosed Other POC White Total Count 
 1,421 722 3 2,146 182 142 256 44 38 1,484 2,146 Percentage 
 66.3 33.6 0.1 100.0 8.5 6.6 11.9 2.1 1.8 69.1 100.0 
 24 

2022 New Hires (2022 new hires employed as of 12/31/22) Gender Race Ethnicity Female Male Not Disclosed Total Asian Black Latinx Not Disclosed Other POC White Total Count 
 225 149 374 42 43 44 10 38 197 374 Percentage 
 60.2 39.8 100.0 11.2 11.5 11.8 2.7 10.2 52.6 100.0 
 Pay Benefits 
 Our compensation and benefits programs are designed to attract, motivate and retain talent to achieve short-term and long-term goals through the implementation of sound compensation principles and policies. For compensation, this includes paying for performance, and ensuring equity, fairness and nondiscrimination in pay as well as compensation risk mitigation. To help ensure pay equity, we conduct pay equity analyses on an annual basis with the assistance of external advisors. We also seek fairness in total compensation by utilizing market data, conducting internal compensation comparison analyses and engaging expert independent compensation and benefits consulting firms for industry benchmarking. We believe we offer an attractive and competitive benefits program that focuses on overall wellness in all areas of life, with a variety of options to enhance employee choice. Our benefits include: health, dental and vision coverage; paid parental leave and other paid time off; short and long term disability benefits; health and flexible spending accounts; tuition reimbursement; Employee Assistance Program; and wellness programming. Among other benefits, in 2022, we offered our employees three separate retirement benefits: a defined pension benefit plan, a 401(k) contribution, and an employee stock ownership plan ESOP through which Company stock is allocated to all eligible employees (based on age and hours worked). 
 COVID-19 Response 
 As we continued to navigate the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic through 2022, we continued to be guided by our people first philosophy that we believe has served our Company, colleagues, communities and shareholders well. Our cross-functional pandemic response team continued to prioritize keeping our essential, onsite, customer facing colleagues as safe as possible while continuing to serve our customers needs. In 2022, we: 
 continued to staff a dedicated COVID-19 hotline to help colleagues report positive cases and obtain support around illness and return to work; 
 increased colleague communications around COVID-19 protocols to ensure employees understood best practices around COVID-19 risk mitigation; quarantines; vaccinations, boosters and general CDC guidance; 
 continued to pay employees who could not work due to COVID-19-related illness and for time needed to get vaccinated without requiring employees to use their sick or personal time; 
 instituted, for the second consecutive year, increased carryover of 2021 unused vacation time to offer more flexibility to colleagues to take time off in 2022; and 
 provided rapid antigen tests to employees who work on-site in our branches and lockbox location. 
 Employee Well Being 
 Given our 2020 IPO, 2021 acquisition of Century, the adjustment to COVID-19, and other large strategic matters, we have asked our employees for a tremendous commitment to their jobs over the last three years. In addition, more than half of our colleagues have continued to work remotely and may have less ability to separate work from home. We have also experienced higher than usual turnover in a competitive labor market. To help address these challenges, we focused on burnout amongst our employees in 2022. We enhanced our wellness offerings, including mental health support. We facilitated healing circles led by mental health experts to help colleagues process racial traumas and incidents of hate and gun violence. To assist with talent attraction and retention, and to further support employee well-being, we increased minimum vacation time from two to three weeks, which provided more time off for about 400 employees (33 of our non-exempt population), many of whom work in customer-facing or on-site positions. To provide employees with additional downtime, we closed on the day after Thanksgiving for a second annual Company-wide day of rest . We offered live trainings on remote work best practices to help hybrid employees better balance work with life. In 2022, we also continued to support a fund that provides cash grants to eligible employees experiencing an unexpected financial hardship. 
 Employee Engagement 
 25 

We are dedicated to engaging our workforce to better understand how we can improve our culture and workplace. In 2022, we virtually hosted eight Town Hall meetings, led by the CEO. At each meeting, employees were able to ask questions anonymously and engage directly with the CEO and Management Committee members. 
 We also engage our employees through more formal measures. Annually, we engage an independent third party consultant to conduct an employee engagement survey, and based on employee feedback, management identifies areas to address. In 2022, 92 of employees responded to the survey, with an overall engagement score of 86 . Notably, 87 of respondents reported that they are proud to work for our Company and 87 reported that the Company has created an environment where people with diverse backgrounds can succeed. 
 We enhanced our onboarding program to ensure that new colleagues more quickly acclimate into our Company, culture and their role. Our CEO holds small group sessions with new employees to strengthen their ties to leadership and the Company. We use onboarding and offboarding engagement surveys. For onboarding, we engage with newly hired employees at the 30 day and 90 day marks to understand how they are integrating into the Company and how the Company can improve the onboarding process. For offboarding, we survey colleagues to better understand why they left the Company. We believe these efforts will provide data that can help us improve the overall employee experience at our Company and deepen engagement and retention. In 2022, we continued supporting our employees commitment to engage with the communities by offering paid time off to volunteer. We were named for the sixth consecutive year among the top 10 most charitable organizations in Massachusetts by the Boston Business Journal. 
 Turnover 
 Our Company experienced an increase in employee turnover in 2022, which management believes reflects the competitive labor market within our geographic footprint. To help alleviate the staffing stresses caused by this turnover, we engaged third parties to support talent acquisition in higher turnover divisions. 
 We also increased the number of weeks of vacation we offer (from two weeks to three) to help attract more talent in this competitive environment and retain the talent we have. We also focused on development plans for high performing talent, with an emphasis on retention risk mitigation. Finally, our succession planning, particularly at Eastern Insurance Group and in our Commercial Lending Group, has enabled us to transition our next generation of leaders, with five new members joining the Management Committee in March of 2022. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We protect our intellectual property rights by applying for and obtaining trademarks and service marks when appropriate. We believe that our name, our marks and our logo have significant value and are important to our operations, and we rely on protection of this intellectual property to maintain our competitive position. We monitor our trademarks and vigorously oppose the infringement of any of our marks as appropriate. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our SEC filings are available to the public from the SEC s internet site at www.SEC.gov. 
 We post the following filings to investor.easternbank.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: our annual reports on Form 10-K, our proxy statements, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Paper copies of all such filings are available free of charge by request via email (investor.relations@easternbank.com), telephone (781-598-7920) or mail (Eastern Bankshares, Inc. Investor Relations at 265 Franklin Street, Boston, MA 02110). The information contained or incorporated on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We may use our website as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure promulgated by the SEC. These disclosures are included on our website in the Investor Relations or News sections. Accordingly, investors should monitor these portions of our website, in addition to following the Company s press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls and webcasts. 
 26 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 We are subject to a number of risks potentially affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As a company offering banking and other financial services, certain elements of risk are inherent in our transactions and operations and are present in the business decisions we make. We, therefore, encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business, and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. These risks include, but are not limited to, credit risk, market risks, liquidity risks, interest rate risks, operational risks, model risks, technology, regulatory and legal risks, and strategic and reputational risks. We discuss our principal risk management processes and, in appropriate places, related historical performance in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors that may affect our business, future operating results and financial condition, as well as the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations would likely be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. The following risks are not the only risks we face. Additional risks that are not presently known or that we presently deem to be immaterial also could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business. 
 
 Summary of Material Risk Factors 
 This section summarizes some of the risks potentially affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. These risks and others are discussed in more detail further below in this section. You should consider this summary together with the more detailed information provided below. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic s impact on businesses and consumers in our market area has had, and we may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Since March 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as governmental and private sector responses to it, have had a severe impact in our markets. The impact and severity of subsequent strains of COVID-19 on the economy and our business are impossible to predict. 
 The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to result in adverse economic conditions in our market that could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including by: 
 reducing demand for products and services from our customers, and 
 causing greater than average recognition of credit losses and increases in our allowance for loan losses, especially if our business customers continue to experience reduced demand for their products and services 
 Our commercial and small business borrowers operating businesses such as hotels, inns, restaurants and retail stores that depend primarily upon customers patronizing their businesses in person were adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and we expect some of these effects to persist into 2023. 
 The increase in remote and hybrid work arrangements has resulted and could continue to result in reduced demand for office space in our market, and such reduction in demand has adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect both the value of the collateral securing some of our commercial real estate loans and the demand by developers and other borrowers for new commercial real estate loans. 
 It may be challenging for us to grow our core business while the COVID-19 pandemic continues or if the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be erratic. 
 There are various risks associated with our acquisition growth strategy, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We operate in a competitive market and may be unable to successfully identify acquisition opportunities or compete for attractive acquisition targets. 
 We may be unsuccessful in realizing the expected benefits of an acquired business, including failure to retain key employees or customers, incurrence of unexpected difficulty or expense in integrating operations, technologies or customers, assumption of significant (and potentially unknown) liabilities, and inexperience with the products 
 27 

and/or geographies offered by the acquired business, all of which could divert our management s attention away from other business concerns and/or negatively impact our financial results. 
 Various risks, including risks associated with changes in interest rates, loan losses, cybersecurity and regulatory compliance, are inherent in our business and our industry generally. 
 Recent and anticipated future increases in interest rates have had and will likely continue to have a material effect on many areas of our business, including on our net interest income, deposit costs, and loan volume and delinquency, and they may have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 The fair value of our investments, including our securities portfolio, has declined due to the recent increases in interest rates and may continue to decline, adversely impacting shareholders equity. 
 Interest rate increases, competition from other banks, and other factors adversely affect our liquidity, and our operating results may be impacted by these factors and by measures we undertake to manage our liquidity position. 
 The geographic concentration of our loan portfolio and lending activities in eastern Massachusetts and southern and coastal New Hampshire makes us vulnerable to a downturn in our local economy. 
 Commercial loans, including those secured by commercial real estate, are generally riskier than other types of loans and constitute a significant portion of our loan and lease portfolio. 
 If our allowance for loan losses is insufficient to cover actual loan losses, our earnings and capital could decrease. 
 Replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate with a substitute index may adversely affect our results of operations, including by causing us to incur significant expenses in effecting the transition, changes to loan balances, and disputes or litigation with customers. 
 Technology has lowered barriers to entry in the financial services sector, making it possible for non-banks to offer products and services, such as loans and payment services, that traditionally were banking products, and also making it possible for technology companies to compete with financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone-based financial solutions. 
 We face progressively increasing security risks to our information databases, including information we maintain relating to our customers, as precautions taken by us and our vendors may not be completely effective to prevent unauthorized access, human error, phishing attacks or other forms of social engineering and other events that could impact the security, reliability, confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems or those of our vendors. 
 We face significant legal risks, both from regulatory investigations and proceedings and from private actions brought against us. 
 Operational risk and losses can result from internal and external fraud; errors by employees or third parties; failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper authorization; failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules; equipment failures, including those caused by natural disasters or by electrical, telecommunications or other essential utility outages; business continuity and data security system failures, including those caused by computer viruses, cyber-attacks or unforeseen problems encountered while implementing major new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems; or the inadequacy or failure of systems and controls, including those of our suppliers or counterparties. 
 Our business is subject to extensive state and federal regulations, which often limit or restrict our activities and may impose material financial requirements or limitations on the conduct of our business. 
 We are subject to capital and liquidity standards that require banks and bank holding companies to maintain more and higher quality capital and greater liquidity than has historically been the case. 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 We may incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations, possibly even inadvertent or unintentional violations. 
 We may be unable to disclose some restrictions or limitations on our operations imposed by our regulators. 
 28 

Eastern Insurance Group s business model, in which it acts as an agent in offering insurance solutions for clients with insurance needs, could become outdated as insurance carriers increasingly offer products directly to consumers. 
 To the extent that we acquire other companies, our business may be negatively impacted by certain risks inherent with such acquisitions. 
 Our stock-based benefit plan, which we adopted in 2021, has increased and is expected to continue to increase our annual compensation and benefit expenses related to awards granted to participants under such plan. 
 Certain provisions of our articles of organization, as well as state and federal banking laws, may make our stock a less attractive investment compared to the stock of peer companies. 
 Through October 14, 2023, no person may acquire beneficial ownership of more than 10 of our common stock without prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board and the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks. If any person exceeds this 10 beneficial ownership threshold, shares in excess of 10 will not be counted as shares entitled to vote through October 14, 2023. After that date, any holder of shares in excess of the 10 threshold will be entitled to cast only one one-hundredth (1/100th) of a vote per share for each share in excess of the 10 threshold. 
 Our articles of organization provide that state and federal courts located in Massachusetts will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 The market price of our stock value may be negatively affected by applicable regulations that restrict the level of stock that we may repurchase through October 14, 2023. 

Risks potentially affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors that may affect our business, future operating results and financial condition, as well as the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. The following risks are not the only risks we face. Additional risks that are not presently known or that we presently deem to be immaterial also could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business. Please refer to the note at the beginning of this section for important caveats related to the following risk factors. 
 Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic and Associated Economic Slowdown 
 The duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2023 and beyond, including the potential for resurgences and the impact of new variants, are impossible to predict. The COVID-19 pandemic, including associated governmental and private sector responses, has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as discussed below. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and governmental and private sector action in response to the COVID-19 pandemic have had a material adverse effect on the global, national and local economies, and on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and it remains premature to predict if or when economic activity will revert to the level that existed before the spread of COVID-19. 
 We are unable to predict how the governmental and private sector action will evolve in 2023 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in our markets. 
 Our commercial and small business borrowers that operate businesses such as hotels, inns, restaurants and retail stores that depend primarily upon customers patronizing their businesses in person were adversely affected by reduced commercial and social interactions, and we expect some of these effects to persist. In addition, our commercial real estate borrowers with properties whose value is tied to customer patronage may experience significant decreases in their property values. 
 29 

As a result of the dramatic decline in cash flow that many of our commercial and commercial real estate borrowers have experienced and may continue to experience as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, many of those borrowers have sought and may continue to seek payment deferments on their indebtedness. 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic in our market area reduced cash flow for many of our commercial and commercial real estate borrowers. Borrowers have sought and may continue to seek payment deferments on their indebtedness. 
 Eastern Bank has worked with borrowers throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to negotiate loan modifications or forbearance arrangements that reduce or defer the monthly payments due to Eastern Bank. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding loan modifications for the year ended December 31, 2022. Although many of the borrowers whose loans we modified resumed making timely loan payments, it is possible that some of those borrowers, as well as some of our borrowers whose loans were previously not modified, may seek future modifications. 
 The increase in remote and hybrid work may result in reduced demand for office space in our market, and such reduction in demand may adversely affect both the value of the collateral securing some of our commercial real estate loans and the demand by developers and other borrowers for new commercial real estate loans. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic caused many employers to shift to remote and/or hybrid workforce arrangements in which employees work from their homes instead of going into their employers offices. Remote and/or hybrid work patterns may have long-term implications for how many businesses successfully operate and, in turn, their need for leased office space. A reduction in the need for office space could result in a reduction in our loan demand and/or in our customers ability to repay their loans, which, in turn, may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Additionally, any material reduction in the demand for these categories of commercial office space in our market could adversely affect both the value of the collateral securing a portion of our commercial real estate loans and the demand by developers and other borrowers for new commercial real estate loans, which, in turn, may have a negative impact on our business and financial results. 
 We have experienced and may continue to experience greater than usual credit costs in the future if the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic in our market continues. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic initially caused us to experience greater than usual credit costs. We initially increased our provision for loan losses in 2020 following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. We may still experience additional credit costs in the future if the economic effect of the continuing COVID-19 pandemic in our market worsens. 
 The associated economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic may have other adverse effects on our operating results beyond the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Other factors that may have an adverse effect on our operating results include: 
 possible constraints on liquidity and capital, due to supporting client activities, increased competition, or regulatory actions, and 
 potential losses in our investment securities portfolio due to volatility in the financial markets. 
 In addition, because both the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated economic impacts are unprecedented, it has been and may continue to be challenging for management to make certain judgments and estimates that are material to our business while the COVID-19 pandemic continues, such as the current value of commercial real estate collateral, that are material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Risks Related to Our Acquisition Strategy 
 Our future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations following the Century Merger. 
 Following the Century Merger in November 2021, the size and operational scope of our business increased significantly beyond its prior size and scope. The Century Merger increased our asset size and the breadth and complexity of our business with the addition of new business lines in which we had not previously engaged, and exposure to industry sectors, such as higher education, which we have not historically served. The size and scope of our commercial loan and lease portfolio has also increased in size as a result of the Century Merger. The commercial loan portfolio we acquired from Century includes loans that are concentrated in industry sectors (such as higher education and nonprofit organizations) that are relatively new to us. Some such loans are of greater size than the typical size of commercial loans that we have made in recent years. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which poses substantial challenges for our management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs 
 30 

and complexity. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in this regard or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits that were anticipated from the Century Merger. 
 We may be unsuccessful identifying and competing for acquisitions. 
 We continuously look for acquisition opportunities of banks, financial institutions and insurance agencies that meet our criteria, some of which may be material to our business and financial performance and could involve significant cash expenditures or result in a material increase in the number of shares of our common stock that are outstanding. We face competition from other financial services institutions, some of which may have greater financial resources than us, when considering acquisition opportunities. Accordingly, attractive opportunities may not be available to us, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying, completing or integrating future acquisitions. We may not be able to acquire other institutions on acceptable terms. The ability to grow may be limited if we are unable to successfully make acquisitions in the future. 
 To the extent that we acquire other companies, our business may be negatively impacted by certain risks inherent with such acquisitions. 
 We have acquired and will continue to consider the acquisition of other financial services companies. A significant component of our business strategy is to grow through acquisitions of other financial institutions, including banks and insurance agencies, or business lines as opportunities arise. Although we have been successful with this strategy in the past, we may not be able to grow our business in the future through acquisitions for a number of reasons, including: 
 Competition with other prospective buyers resulting in our inability to complete an acquisition or in our paying a substantial premium over the fair value of the net assets of the acquired business; 
 Inability to obtain regulatory approvals; 
 Potential difficulties and/or unexpected expenses relating to the integration of the operations, technologies, products and the key employees of the acquired business, resulting in the diversion of resources from the operation of our existing business; 
 Acquisitions of new lines of business may present risks that are different in kind or degree compared to those that we are accustomed to managing, requiring us to implement new or enhance existing procedures and controls and diverting resources from the operation of our existing business; 
 Inability to maintain existing customers of the acquired business or to sell the products and services of the acquired business to our existing customers; 
 Inability to retain key management of the acquired business; 
 Assumption of or potential exposure to significant liabilities of the acquired business, some of which may be unknown or contingent at the time of acquisition, including, without limitation, liabilities for regulatory and compliance issues; 
 Exposure to potential asset quality issues of the acquired business; 
 Failure to mitigate deposit erosion or loan quality deterioration at the acquired business; 
 Potential changes in banking or tax laws or regulations that may affect the acquired business; 
 Inability to improve the revenues and profitability or realize the cost savings and synergies expected of the acquired business; 
 Potential future impairment of the value of goodwill and intangible assets acquired; and 
 Identification of internal control deficiencies of the acquired business. 
 All of these and other potential risks may serve as a diversion of our management s attention from other business concerns, and any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business. Acquisitions typically involve the payment of a premium over book and market values, and therefore, some dilution of our tangible book value and net income per share may occur in connection with any future transaction. 
 The consummation of a merger will be contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions, including regulatory approvals, that may be outside of our control and that we and our merger partner may be unable to satisfy or obtain or which may delay the consummation of such merger or result in the imposition of conditions that could reduce the anticipated benefits from the merger or cause the parties to abandon the merger. 
 31 

The consummation of a merger is contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions, some of which are beyond our control and that of a merger partner, including, among others, the receipt of required regulatory approvals and approval of shareholders. 
 These conditions to the closing of a merger may not be fulfilled in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, a prospective merger may be delayed substantially or may not be completed. In addition, the parties to the merger agreement will likely have the contractual right to decide to terminate a merger agreement at any time, or in certain other circumstances, either mutually or individually. 
 As a condition to granting required regulatory approvals, governmental entities may impose conditions, limitations or costs, require divestitures or place restrictions on our conduct after the closing of a merger. Such conditions or changes and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals could, among other things, have the effect of delaying completion of a merger or of imposing additional costs or limitations on us following a merger, any of which may have an adverse effect on us following such merger. 
 The degree of scrutiny that bank regulators give to bank mergers can change from time to time. We are unable to predict whether any change bank regulators may adopt, will have a material adverse effect on our ability to acquire or merge with banking companies in our market area. 
 Our acquisitions of assets from insurance agencies may not perform in accordance with our expectations. 
 Eastern Insurance Group routinely acquires insurance agencies in existing and adjacent markets. We identify potential acquisition targets based on records of their historical, and our projections of their future, revenue performance. These transactions are often structured as asset purchases through which we acquire certain assets and rights of the target, including the target s business relationships with its own customers, as well as the target s sales producers, working to ensure both the target s customers and sales producers remain with Eastern Insurance Group. Several factors could negatively affect the results of this type of acquisition, including, but not limited to: difficulties and delays in integrating the customers or business, or onboarding the sales producers, of the target; our inability to sustain revenue and earnings growth or to fully realize revenue or expense synergies or the other expected benefits of the acquisition; the inability to implement integration plans and other consequences associated with acquisitions; the choice by customers of the target or its sales producers not to keep their respective business relationships with Eastern; and effects of competition in the financial services industry, including competitors success in recruiting away the target s sales producers. We can provide no assurances that the customers or sales producers of any particular acquisition target will join or remain at Eastern Insurance Group. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry Generally 
 Changes in interest rates have impacted and may continue to impact our profitability. 
 Net interest income historically has been, and we anticipate that it will remain, a significant component of our total revenue. A high percentage of our assets and liabilities have been and will continue to be in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments. Thus, changes in interest rates have impacted and may continue to impact many areas of our business, including net interest income, deposit costs, and loan volume and delinquency. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including global, national, regional and local economic conditions, the effects of disease pandemics such as COVID-19, competitive pressures, and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the FOMC. Changes in interest rates have influenced and could continue to influence the interest we receive on loans and securities and the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, and the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities. If the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities increase at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest earning assets, our net interest income may decline and, with it, a decline in our earnings may occur. Our net interest income and our earnings would be similarly affected if the interest rates on our interest earning assets declined at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities. 
 The FOMC raised the target range for the federal funds rate seven times in 2022, and, additional rate increases may occur if inflation pressures remain elevated or intensify. Aggressive increases to the target range for the federal funds rate, combined with ongoing geopolitical instability, could raise the risk of an economic recession and responsive measures, including a reduction of the federal funds rate. Any such downturn, especially domestically and in the markets in which we operate, may adversely affect our asset quality, deposit levels, loan demand and results of operations. 
 Higher interest rates generally are associated with a lower volume of loan originations and refinancings, while lower interest rates are usually associated with higher loan originations and refinancings. Our ability to generate gains on sales of mortgage loans is significantly dependent on the level of originations. Cash flows are affected by changes in market interest rates. Generally, in rising interest rate environments, loan prepayment rates are likely to decline, and in falling interest rate environments, loan prepayment rates are likely to increase. A significant amount of our commercial and industrial and commercial real estate, including multi-family residential real estate loans, are adjustable-rate loans and an increase in the 
 32 

general level of interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers, especially those with adjustable rate loans, to pay their loan obligations. Changes in interest rates, prepayment speeds and other factors may also cause the value of our loans held for sale to change. 
 Although we have implemented risk management strategies, such as hedging certain loans indexed to a market rate that are expected to reprice with the federal funds rate by using interest rate swaps, as well as policies and procedures designed to manage the risks associated with changes in market interest rates, changes in interest rates have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 If our ongoing assumptions regarding borrower or depositor behavior or overall economic conditions are significantly different than we anticipate, then our risk mitigation may be insufficient to protect against interest rate risk and our operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 If our allowance for loan losses is insufficient to cover loan losses, our earnings and capital could decrease. 
 At December 31, 2022, our allowance for loan losses was 142.2 million, or 1.05 of total loans, compared to 97.8 million, or 0.80 of total loans, at December 31, 2021. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for many of our loans. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses, we review our loans, loss and delinquency experience, and commercial and commercial real estate peer data and we evaluate other factors including, among other things, current and expected future economic conditions. If our assumptions are incorrect, or if delinquencies or non-performing loans increase, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, which would require additions to our allowance, which could materially decrease our net income. 
 In addition, our federal and state regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase the allowance by recognizing additional provisions for loan losses charged to income, or to charge-off loans, which, net of any recoveries, would decrease the allowance for loan losses. Any such additional provision for loan losses or net increase in charge-offs could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The geographic concentration of our loan portfolio and lending activities makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the local economy. 
 We primarily serve individuals, businesses and municipalities located in eastern and central Massachusetts, including the greater Boston metropolitan area, southern New Hampshire, including its coastal region, and northern Rhode Island. At December 31, 2022, approximately 9.1 billion, or 91.2 of our total loans secured by real estate were secured by real estate located in this market area. Therefore, our success is largely dependent on the economic conditions, including employment levels, population growth, income levels, savings trends and government policies, in this market area. Weaker economic conditions caused by recessions, unemployment, inflation, a decline in real estate values or other factors beyond our control may adversely affect the ability of our borrowers to service their debt obligations and could result in higher loan and lease losses and lower net income for us. 
 Although there is not a single employer or industry in our market area on which a significant number of our customers are dependent, a substantial portion of our loan portfolio is composed of loans secured by real estate property located in the greater Boston metropolitan area. This makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the local economy and real estate markets. Decreases in local real estate values caused by economic conditions or other events could adversely affect the value of the property used as collateral for our loans, which could cause us to realize a loss in the event of a foreclosure. 
 A worsening of business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the principal markets in which we conduct business could have adverse effects on our business, including the following: 
 A decrease in the demand for, or the availability of, loans and other products and services offered by us; 
 A decrease in the value of our loans held for sale or other assets secured by residential or commercial real estate; 
 An impairment of certain intangible assets, such as goodwill; 
 A decrease in interest income from variable rate loans due to declines in interest rates; and 
 An increase in the number of clients and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or other obligations to us, which could result in a higher level of non-performing assets, net charge-offs, provisions for loan losses, and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. 
 Moreover, a significant decline in general economic conditions, caused by inflation, recession, acts of terrorism, an outbreak of hostilities or other international or domestic calamities, unemployment, public health crises or other factors beyond our control could further impact these local economic conditions and could further negatively affect the financial results 
 33 

of our banking operations. In addition, deflationary pressures, if present, while possibly lowering our operating costs, could have a significant negative effect on our borrowers, especially our business borrowers, and the values of underlying collateral securing loans, which could negatively affect our financial performance. In the event of severely adverse business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the principal markets in which we conduct business, there can be no assurance that the federal government and the Federal Reserve Board would intervene. If economic conditions worsen or volatility increases, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. For more information about our market area, please see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Business. 
 We are a community bank and our ability to manage reputational risk is critical to attracting and maintaining customers, investors and employees and to the success of our business, and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. 
 We are a community bank and our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. A key component of our business strategy is to rely on our reputation for customer service and knowledge of local markets to expand our presence by capturing new business opportunities from existing and prospective customers in our market area. As a community bank, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and associates. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees, by our inability to conduct our operations in a manner that is appealing to current or prospective customers, or by events beyond our control, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Threats to our reputation can come from many sources, including adverse sentiment about financial institutions generally, the perception of unethical practices, employee misconduct, failure to deliver minimum standards of service or quality, compliance deficiencies, cybersecurity breaches and questionable or fraudulent activities of our customers. We have policies and procedures in place to protect our reputation and promote ethical conduct, but these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. Negative publicity regarding our business, employees, or customers, with or without merit, may result in the loss of customers and employees, costly litigation and increased governmental regulation, all of which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We face continuing and growing security risks to our information data bases, including information we maintain relating to our customers. 
 We are subject to certain operational risks, including data processing system failures and errors, inadequate or failed internal processes, customer or employee fraud and catastrophic failures resulting from terrorist acts or natural disasters. In the ordinary course of business, we rely on electronic communications and information systems to conduct our business and to store sensitive data, including financial information regarding customers. Our electronic communications and information systems infrastructure, as well as the systems infrastructures of the vendors we use to meet our data processing and communication needs, are inherently vulnerable to unauthorized access, human error, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, malicious code, spam attacks, phishing, ransomware or other forms of social engineering and other events that could impact the security, reliability, confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems or those of our vendors. Financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks and other means. Denial of service attacks have been launched against a number of large financial services institutions. Hacking and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks. Although to date we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in the future. No matter how well designed or implemented our controls are, we will not be able to anticipate all security breaches of these types, and we may not be able to implement effective preventive measures against such security breaches in a timely manner. A failure or circumvention of our security systems could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. 
 We regularly assess and test our security systems and disaster preparedness, including back-up systems, but the risks are substantially escalating. We are not able to fully protect against these events given the rapid evolution of new vulnerabilities, the complex and distributed nature of our systems, our interdependence on the systems of other companies and the increased sophistication of potential attack vectors and methods against our systems. As a result, cybersecurity and the continued enhancement of our controls and processes to protect our systems, data and networks from attacks, unauthorized access or significant damage remain a priority. Accordingly, we may be required to expend additional resources to enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or exposures. Any breach of our system security could result in disruption of our operations, unauthorized access to confidential customer information, significant regulatory costs, such as enforcement actions and/or the imposition of civil money penalties, litigation exposure and other possible damages, loss or liability. Such costs or losses could exceed the amount of available insurance coverage, if any, 
 34 

and would adversely affect our earnings. Also, any failure to prevent a security breach or to quickly and effectively deal with such a breach could cause reputational harm, negatively impact customer confidence, undermine our ability to attract and keep customers, and possibly result in regulatory sanctions. 
 We rely on third-party vendors, which could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks. 
 Third-party vendors provide key components of our business infrastructure, including certain data processing and information services. Third parties may transmit confidential, propriety information on our behalf. Although we require third-party providers to maintain certain levels of information security, such providers may remain vulnerable to operational and technology vulnerabilities, including cyber-attacks, security breaches, unauthorized access, breaches, fraud, phishing attacks, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious attacks, which could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data, an interruption in service or other similar events that may impact our business. Although we may contractually limit liability in connection with attacks against third-party providers, we remain exposed to the risk of loss associated with such vendors. In addition, a number of our vendors are large national entities with dominant market presence in their respective fields. Their services could prove difficult to replace in a timely manner if a failure or other service interruption were to occur. We cannot predict the costs or time that would be required to find an alternative service provider. Failures of certain vendors to provide contracted services could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to customers and cause us to incur significant expenses. 
 Industry competition may adversely affect our degree of success. 
 Our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. We operate in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued industry consolidation. This consolidation may produce larger, better capitalized and more geographically diverse companies that are capable of offering a wider array of financial products and services at more competitive prices. 
 In our market areas, we face competition from other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, tax-exempt credit unions, financial technology companies fintechs ), internet banks, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, brokerage and investment banking firms, mortgage companies and other financial intermediaries that offer similar services. Some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility or lower costs in competing for business. 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of additional factors, including customer convenience, quality of service, personal contacts, pricing and range of products. If we are unable to successfully compete for new customers and to retain our current customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected, perhaps materially. In particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers seeking investments with higher yields or greater financial stability, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin and financial performance. In addition, we may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. As a result, our ability to effectively compete to retain or acquire new business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services, such as loans and payment services, that traditionally were banking products, and made it possible for technology companies to compete with financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone-based financial solutions. 
 Competition with non-banks, including technology companies, to provide financial products and services is intensifying. In particular, the activity of fintechs has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to continue to grow. Fintechs have and may continue to offer bank or bank-like products. The federal and state bank regulatory agencies have demonstrated a willingness to charter non-traditional bank charter applicants, such as fintechs, which increases competition in the industry. In addition, other fintechs have partnered with existing banks to allow them to offer deposit products to their customers under current and proposed interagency guidelines on third party relationships. Regulatory changes, such as revisions to the FDIC s rules on brokered deposits intended to reflect recent technological changes and innovations, may also make it easier for fintechs to partner with banks and offer deposit products. In addition to fintechs, the large technology companies have begun to make efforts toward providing financial services directly to their customers and are expected to continue to explore new ways to do so. Many of these companies, including our competitors, have fewer regulatory constraints, and some have lower cost structures, in part due to lack of physical locations and regulatory compliance costs. Some of these companies also have greater resources to invest in technological improvements than we currently have. 
 In addition to external competition, the financial services industry, including the banking sector, is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition, new, unexpected technological changes could have a disruptive effect on the way banks offer products and services. We believe 
 35 

our success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to use technology to offer products and services that provide convenience to customers and to create additional efficiencies in our operations. However, we may not be able to, among other things, keep up with the rapid pace of technological changes, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. As a result, our ability to compete effectively to attract or retain new business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to successfully execute our strategic plan or achieve our performance targets. 
 An important goal of our strategic plan is expanding our profitable loan and deposit market share through both organic growth and opportunistic strategic transactions. (For a more complete discussion of our strategic plan, please see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Business. It is possible that one or more factors, including factors outside of our control, may hinder or prevent us from achieving our growth objectives. Our key assumptions include: 
 that we will be able to attract and retain the requisite number of skilled and qualified personnel required to increase our loan origination volume, especially in our commercial banking portfolios. The marketplace for skilled personnel is competitive, which means hiring, training and retaining skilled personnel is costly and challenging and we may not be able to increase the number of our loan professionals sufficiently to achieve our loan origination targets successfully; 
 that we will be able to fund asset growth by growing deposits with our overall cost of funds at a rate consistent with our expectations; 
 that we will be able to successfully identify and purchase high-quality interest-earning assets that perform over time in accordance with our expectations; and 
 that there will be no material change in competitive dynamics, including as a result of our seeking to increase market share. 
 If one or more of our assumptions prove incorrect, we may not be able to successfully execute our strategic plan, we may never achieve our indicative performance targets and any shortfall may be material. 
 Our business strategy includes projected growth in our core businesses, and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage our growth effectively. 
 We expect to continue to experience growth in the amount of our assets, the level of our deposits and the scale of our operations. Achieving our growth targets requires us to attract customers that currently bank at other financial institutions in our market, thereby increasing our share of the market. Our ability to successfully grow will depend on a variety of factors, including our customers ability to meet their obligations to us, our ability to attract and retain experienced bankers and insurance agents, the continued availability of desirable business opportunities, the competitive responses from other financial institutions in our market areas and our ability to manage our growth. Growth opportunities may not be available, or we may not be able to manage our growth successfully. If we do not manage our growth effectively, our financial condition and operating results could be negatively affected. 
 We could fail to attract, retain or motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management, other key employees or members of our Board, which could impair our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 A cornerstone of our strategic plan involves retaining as well as hiring highly skilled and qualified personnel. Accordingly, our ability to implement our strategic plan and our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management and other key employees and directors. The disruption of the labor market caused by COVID-19 has created additional uncertainty with respect to our current and future workforce. The failure to attract or retain, including as a result of an untimely death or illness of key personnel, or ability to replace a sufficient number of appropriately skilled and key personnel, could place us at a significant competitive disadvantage and prevent us from successfully implementing our strategy, which could impair our ability to implement our strategic plan successfully, achieve our performance targets and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Limitations on the manner in which regulated financial institutions, such as us, can compensate their officers and employees, including those contained in pending rule proposals implementing requirements of Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act, may make it more difficult for such institutions to compete for talent with financial institutions and other companies not subject to these or similar limitations. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially. 
 36 

The fair value of Eastern Bank s investments has declined and could decline further due to a variety of factors. 
 Most of Eastern Bank s investment securities portfolio is designated as available-for-sale. Accordingly, unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, in the estimated fair value of the available-for-sale portfolio is recorded as other comprehensive income, a separate component of shareholders equity. Due to the recent increases in interest rates, the fair value of Eastern Bank s investment portfolio has declined, causing a corresponding decline in shareholders equity. If interest rates rise further, the fair value of our investment portfolio may further decline and contribute to a further corresponding decline in shareholders equity. Management believes that several factors will affect the fair values of the investment portfolio, including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates or expectations of changes, the degree of volatility in the securities markets, inflation rates or expectations of inflation and the slope of the interest rate yield curve. 
 In addition, unrealized losses on investment securities may result from changes in credit spreads and liquidity issues in the marketplace, along with changes in the credit profile of individual securities issuers. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), we are required to review our investment portfolio periodically for the presence of credit-related impairment of our investment securities, taking into consideration current market conditions, the extent and nature of changes in fair value, issuer rating changes and trends, volatility of earnings, current analysts evaluations, and our ability and intent to hold investments until a recovery in fair value, as well as other factors. Adverse developments with respect to one or more of the foregoing factors may require us to measure and recognize an allowance for credit losses in a future period, with the resulting provision for credit losses recognized as a charge to our earnings. Subsequent valuations, in light of management s evaluation of the factors prevailing at that time, may result in significant changes in the values of these securities in future periods. Any of these factors could require us to recognize an impairment in the value of our investment securities portfolio, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods. 
 Commercial loans, including those secured by commercial real estate, are generally riskier than other types of loans and constitute a significant portion of our loan and lease portfolio. 
 Our commercial loan and lease portfolio, including those secured by commercial real estate but excluding PPP, comprised 9.7 billion, or 71.8 of our total loans at December 31, 2022 (excluding PPP loans). Commercial loans generally carry larger balances and involve a higher risk of nonpayment or late payment than residential mortgage loans. Most of the commercial loans are secured by borrower business assets such as accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and other fixed assets. Compared to real estate, these types of collateral are more difficult to monitor, harder to value, may depreciate more rapidly and may not be as readily saleable if repossessed. Repayment of commercial and industrial loans is largely dependent on the business and financial condition of borrowers. Business cash flows are dependent on the demand for the products and services offered by the borrower s business. Such demand may be reduced when economic conditions are weak or when the products and services offered are viewed as less valuable than those offered by competitors. In addition, some of our commercial real estate loans are not fully amortizing and contain large balloon payments upon maturity. These balloon payments may require the borrower to either sell or refinance the underlying property in order to make the balloon payment, which may increase the risk of default or non-payment. In addition, because of the risks associated with commercial loans, including the economic stress in our market due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we may experience higher rates of default than if the portfolio were more heavily weighted toward residential mortgage loans. Higher rates of default could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, if we foreclose on commercial collateral, our holding period for the collateral may be longer than for one- to four-family residential real estate loans because there are fewer potential purchasers of the collateral, which can result in substantial holding costs. In addition, vacancies, deferred maintenance, repairs and market stigma can result in prospective buyers expecting sale price concessions to offset their real or perceived economic losses for the time it takes them to return the property to profitability. 
 We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with real estate lending activities. 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and we could become subject to environmental liabilities with respect to one or more of these properties. At December 31, 2022, 10.0 billion, or 74.0 of our total loans, comprised loans secured by real estate. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing defaulted loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If so, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage, civil fines and criminal penalties regardless of when the hazardous conditions or toxic substances first affected the property. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses to address unknown liabilities and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability, and we may not have adequate remedies against the prior owner or other responsible parties and could find it difficult or impossible to sell the affected properties. Although management has implemented policies and procedures to mitigate this risk, they may not be sufficient in all instances to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 37 

Our business may be adversely affected by credit risks associated with residential property. 
 At December 31, 2022, loans secured by one- to four-family residential real estate were 3.8 billion, or 28.1 of total loans. Loans secured by one- to four-family residential real estate include residential real estate mortgages, home equity loans and lines and investment real estate loans secured by one- to four-family residential properties. At December 31, 2022, 164.3 million of one- to four-family residential real estate loans were part of the commercial loan portfolio. One- to four-family residential mortgage lending, whether owner occupied or non-owner occupied, is generally sensitive to regional and local economic conditions that significantly impact the ability of borrowers to meet their loan payment obligations. Declines in real estate values could cause some of our residential mortgages to be inadequately collateralized, which would expose us to a greater risk of loss if we seek to recover on defaulted loans by selling the real estate collateral. Residential loans with combined higher loan-to-value ratios are more sensitive to declining property values than those with lower combined loan-to-value ratios and, therefore, may experience a higher incidence of default and severity of losses. In addition, if the borrowers sell their homes, they may be unable to repay their loans in full from the sale proceeds. For those home equity loans and lines of credit secured by a second mortgage, it is unlikely that we will be successful in recovering all or a portion of our loan proceeds in the event of default unless we are prepared to repay the first mortgage loan and such repayment and the costs associated with a foreclosure are justified by the value of the property. For these reasons, we may experience higher rates of delinquencies, default and losses on our home equity loans, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 A portion of our loan portfolio consists of loan participations, which may have a higher risk of loss than loans we originate because we are not the lead lender and we have limited control over credit monitoring. 
 We routinely purchase loan participations. Although we underwrite these loan participations consistent with our general underwriting criteria, loan participations may have a higher risk of loss than loans we originate because we rely on the lead lender to disclose relevant financial information on a timely basis. Moreover, our decision regarding the classification of a loan participation and loan loss provisions associated with a loan participation is made in part based upon information provided by the lead lender. A lead lender also may not monitor a participation loan in the same manner as we would for loans that we originate. At December 31, 2022, we held loan participation interests in commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, commercial construction and business banking loans totaling 1.5 billion. 
 Changes to and replacement of LIBOR may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have certain floating rate loans for which the interest rate is calculated based upon one of various indices commonly known as the London Interbank Offered Rate applicable to loans denominated in U.S. dollars USD LIBOR ). We have entered into interest rate swap arrangements with customers that are indexed to USD LIBOR. In 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), a regulator of financial services firms and financial markets in the United Kingdom, stated that it planned to phase out regulatory oversight of USD LIBOR (and other LIBOR indices) by no longer compelling panel banks to submit estimated borrowing costs. The FCA indicated that it would support the USD LIBOR indices generally only through 2021 and, with respect to certain USD LIBOR indices, only through June 2023, to allow for an orderly transition to alternative reference rates. 
 In June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC convened by the Federal Reserve Board and Federal Reserve Bank of New York designated the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), with certain adjustments, as its recommended alternative to USD LIBOR. Regulators, industry groups and the ARRC have published recommended fallback language for USD LIBOR-linked financial instruments, identified recommended alternatives for USD LIBOR (e.g., SOFR, as adjusted) and proposed implementation of the recommended alternatives in financial instruments indexed to USD LIBOR. It is possible that differences between USD LIBOR and SOFR, as adjusted, or other alternatives may result in changes to the mark-to-market value of each affected transaction. Payments under contracts linked to alternative indices may differ from those linked to USD LIBOR, as the rates under alternative indices are calculated differently. 
 The Company has established a working group to guide the transition and is continuing to assess its LIBOR-related contracts and amend agreements where necessary to permit application of an alternative index. The Company is also transitioning its future floating rate loan, interest rate swap arrangement, and other applicable contracts to alternative reference rates. The implementation of a substitute index for the calculation of interest rates may result in our incurring significant expenses in effecting the transition, changes to loan balances, and disputes or litigation with customers, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, uncertainty as to the nature of such changes may adversely affect the market for or value of loans, derivatives, investment securities and other financial obligations held by or due to Eastern Bank and could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 38 

Hedging against interest rate exposure may adversely affect our earnings. 
 We employ techniques that limit, or hedge, the adverse effects of changing interest rates on our loan portfolios. We also engage in hedging strategies with respect to arrangements where our customers swap floating interest rate obligations for fixed interest rate obligations, or vice versa. Our hedging activity varies based on the level and volatility of interest rates and other changing market conditions. These techniques may include purchasing or selling futures contracts, purchasing put and call options on securities or securities underlying futures contracts, or entering into other mortgage-backed derivatives. There are, however, no perfect hedging strategies, and interest rate hedging may fail to protect us from loss. Moreover, hedging activities could result in losses if the event against which we hedge does not occur. Additionally, interest rate hedging could fail to protect us or adversely affect us because, among other things: 
 available interest rate hedging may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought, including, for example, an interest rated based upon adjusted SOFR, as discussed above; 
 the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related liability; 
 the party owing money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay; 
 the credit quality of the party owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; 
 the value of derivatives used for hedging may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with accounting rules to reflect changes in fair value; and/or 
 downward adjustments, or mark-to-market losses, would reduce our shareholders equity. 
 New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risks. 
 From time to time, we may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. In addition, we will continue to make investments in research, development, and marketing for new products and services. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services we may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the development and introduction of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. Furthermore, if customers do not perceive our new offerings as providing significant value, they may fail to accept our new products and services. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, the burden on management and our information technology of introducing any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be required to write down goodwill and other acquisition-related identifiable intangible assets. 
 When we acquire a business, a portion of the purchase price of the acquisition may be allocated to goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired determines the amount of the purchase price that is allocated to goodwill acquired. As of December 31, 2022, goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets were 661.1 million. Under current accounting guidance, if we determine that goodwill or intangible assets are impaired, we would be required to write down the value of these assets. We conduct an annual review to determine whether goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets are impaired. We conduct a quarterly review for indicators of impairment of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. Our management recently completed these reviews and concluded that no impairment charge was necessary for the year ended December 31, 2022. We cannot provide assurance whether we will be required to take an impairment charge in the future. Any impairment charge would have a negative effect on our shareholders equity and financial results and may cause a decline in our stock price. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed, or the cost of that capital may be very high. 
 Our regulators require us to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations, which may result in our need to raise additional capital to support continued growth. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside our control, and on our financial condition and performance. Accordingly, we may not be able to raise additional capital if needed on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our operations could be materially impaired, and our financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to raise additional capital when required by the 
 39 

Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, FDIC and/or the Federal Reserve Board, we may be subject to adverse regulatory action. 
 If we raise capital through the issuance of additional of common stock or other securities, it would dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders and may dilute the per share value of our common stock. New investors may also have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our current shareholders. 
 We face significant legal risks, both from regulatory investigations and proceedings and from private actions brought against us. 
 From time to time we are named as a defendant or are otherwise involved in various legal proceedings, including class actions and other litigation or disputes with third parties. There is no assurance that litigation with private parties will not increase in the future. Actions against us may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause serious reputational harm to us. As a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely that we could continue to experience a high level of litigation related to our businesses and operations. There could be substantial cost and management diversion in such litigation and proceedings, and any adverse determination could have a materially adverse effect on our business, brand or image, or our financial condition and results of our operations. 
 Our businesses and operations are also subject to increasing regulatory oversight and scrutiny, which may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. These and other initiatives from federal and state officials may subject us to further judgments, settlements, fines or penalties, or cause us to be required to restructure our operations and activities, all of which could lead to reputational issues, or higher operational costs, thereby reducing our revenue. Please see the sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Business Supervision and Regulation, and Legal Proceedings for more information. 
 Our insurance coverage may be inadequate or expensive . 
 We are subject to claims in the ordinary course of business. It is not always possible to prevent or detect activities giving rise to claims, and the precautions we take may not be effective in all cases. We maintain an insurance coverage program that provides limited coverage for some, but not all, potential risks and liabilities associated with our business. We may not obtain insurance if we believe the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially, and in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. As a result, we may not be able to renew our existing insurance policies or procure other desirable insurance on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, certain risks generally are not fully insurable. Even where insurance coverage applies, insurers may contest their obligations to make payments. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by losses and liabilities from uninsured or under-insured events, as well as by delays in the payment of insurance proceeds, or the failure by insurers to make payments. 
 The loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase our cost of funding and our funding sources may prove insufficient to replace deposits at maturity and support our future growth. 
 Our funding costs have increased materially beginning in 2022 and may continue to increase if our deposits decline and we are forced to replace them with more expensive sources of funding, if clients shift their deposits into higher cost products, or if we need to raise interest rates to avoid losing deposits. Increases to the federal funds rate, and competitor and customer responses to those increases, have caused and we anticipate will continue to cause competitive pressures to increase our deposit interest rates. The reduction in our overall level of deposits would increase the extent to which we rely on other, more expensive sources for funding, including Federal Home Loan Bank advances and brokered deposits, which would reduce our operating results. 
 In order for Eastern Bank to maintain sufficient cash flow, we must maintain sufficient funds to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers. As a part of our liquidity management, we use a number of funding sources in addition to core deposit growth and repayments and maturities of loans and investments. These additional sources consist primarily of Federal Home Loan Bank advances, proceeds from the sale of loans or investments, federal funds purchased and brokered deposits. As we continue to grow, or as competitive pressures increase with regard to core funding sources, we are likely to become more dependent on these additional sources. Adverse operating results or changes in industry conditions could lead to difficulty or an inability in accessing these additional funding sources. Our financial flexibility will be severely constrained if we are unable to maintain our access to funding or if adequate financing is not available to accommodate future growth at acceptable interest rates. If we are required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, our revenues may not increase proportionately to cover our costs. In this case, our operating margins and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 40 

Various factors beyond our control, including interest rate increases and competition from banks and other financial institutions, adversely affect our liquidity. 
 Liquidity describes our ability to meet financial needs that arise in the normal course of our business, including deposit withdrawals and anticipated loan fundings, as well as current and planned expenditures. Our primary sources of liquidity are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities, and proceeds from calls, maturities and sales of securities. The significant increases in market interest rates beginning in 2022 have contributed and may continue to contribute to a decline in our core deposits as customers seek higher interest rates from sources such as non-bank money market funds and bank competitors. We have undertaken and may continue to undertake measures to mitigate market-wide competitive deposit pressures or interest rate uncertainty or to otherwise manage our liquidity position. These have included and may continue to include accessing alternative funding sources, such as FHLBB advances and brokered certificates of deposit, as noted above. 
 Our investment portfolio also provides a potential source of liquidity that we have from time to time elected to and may continue to access. Due to the increase in interest rates, the fair value of our available for sale investment portfolio has declined in value since our initial purchase, resulting in a net unrealized loss position. If we elected to sell such investment securities, we would recognize a loss and take a charge to our operating results in the quarter in which a decision to sell such securities is made. Additionally, a majority of our available for sale investment securities would generate a capital loss or gain upon their sale. Capital losses are only deductible to the extent we are able to record capital gains during the applicable tax carryback and carryforward periods for federal tax purposes, and capital losses may not be carried back or carried forward for Massachusetts state tax purposes. If we are unable to offset capital losses from the sale of securities, if any, with capital gains, the tax benefit associated with such sale would be less than the amount reflected as a deferred tax asset in our financial statements. 
 Deterioration in the performance or financial position of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston might restrict the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston s ability to meet the funding needs of its members, cause a suspension of its dividend and cause its stock to be determined to be impaired. 
 Significant components of Eastern Bank s liquidity needs are met through its access to funding pursuant to its membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston. The Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston is a cooperative that provides services to its member banking institutions. The primary reason for joining the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston is to obtain funding. The purchase of stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston is a requirement for a member to gain access to funding. Any deterioration in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston s performance or financial condition may affect our ability to access funding and/or require us to deem the required investment in Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston stock to be impaired. If we are not able to access funding through the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, we may not be able to meet our liquidity needs, or we may need to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources, either of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Similarly, if we deem all or part of our investment in Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston stock impaired, such action could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 We may not be able to successfully implement future information technology system enhancements, or such implementations could be delayed materially, which could adversely affect our business operations and profitability. 
 We invest significant resources in information technology system enhancements in order to provide functionality and security at an appropriate level. We may not be able to successfully implement and integrate future system enhancements, or such implementations could be delayed materially, which could adversely impact the ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, which in turn could result in sanctions from regulatory authorities. Such sanctions could include fines and suspension of trading in our stock, among others. In addition, future system enhancements could have higher than expected costs and/or result in operating inefficiencies, which could increase the costs associated with the implementation as well as ongoing operations. 
 Failure to properly utilize system enhancements that are implemented in the future could result in impairment charges that adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations and could result in significant costs to remediate or replace the defective components. In addition, we may incur significant training, licensing, maintenance, consulting and amortization expenses during and after systems implementations, and any such costs may continue for an extended period of time. 
 We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure. 
 Third-party vendors provide key components of our business infrastructure such as internet connections, network access and core application processing. While we believe we have selected these third-party vendors carefully, we do not control their actions. We cannot assure that our third-party service providers will be able to continue to provide their services in an efficient, cost effective manner, if at all, or that they will be able to adequately expand their services to meet our needs. Any problems caused by these third-parties, including an interruption in service, or as a result of their not providing us their services 
 41 

for any reason or their performing their services poorly, and our inability to make alternative arrangements in a timely manner, could cause a disruption to our business and could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers or otherwise conduct our business efficiently and effectively. Replacing these third-party vendors could also entail significant delay and expense. We cannot predict the costs or time that would be required to find an alternative vendor. 
 Operational risks are inherent in our businesses. 
 Our enterprise risk management framework seeks to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return, which is critical to optimizing shareholder value. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit, liquidity, operational, regulatory compliance and reputational. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 In addition to the necessity of maintaining our enterprise risk management framework, our operations depend on our ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately while complying with applicable laws and regulations. Operational risk and losses can result from internal and external fraud; errors by employees or third parties; failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper authorization; failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules; equipment failures, including those caused by natural disasters or by electrical, telecommunications or other essential utility outages; business continuity and data security system failures, including those caused by computer viruses, cyber-attacks or unforeseen problems encountered while implementing major new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems; or the inadequacy or failure of systems and controls, including those of our suppliers or counterparties. Although we have implemented risk controls and loss mitigation actions, and substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures, identifying and rectifying weaknesses in existing procedures and training staff, it is not possible to be certain that such actions have been or will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks we face. Any weakness in these systems or controls, or any violation or alleged violation of such laws or regulations, could result in increased regulatory supervision, enforcement actions and other disciplinary action, and have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, reputation and ability to obtain future regulatory approvals, including those necessary to complete mergers or other acquisitions. 
 Changes in management s estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements and our financial condition or operating results. 
 In preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and those that will be included in periodic reports that we will file in the future under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our management is required to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s best estimates and experience as of that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include our valuation of our retirement plans and pension benefits, our determination of our income tax provision, our evaluation of the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses, and our evaluation of our securities portfolio. Please see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates for more information and Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our internal controls, procedures and policies may fail or be circumvented. 
 Management regularly reviews and updates our internal controls and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well-designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Our shift to a remote working model due to the COVID-19 pandemic has required us to modify some of these controls, which are approved in advance by management and reviewed by the financial reporting internal controls manager and through internal audits. Similar to our other systems of controls, these modifications can provide only reasonable assurances that the objectives of the system are being met. Any failure or circumvention of the controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We maintain a significant investment in projects that generate tax credits, which we may not be able to fully utilize, or, if utilized, may be subject to recapture or restructuring. 
 As part of Eastern Bank s community reinvestment initiatives, we invest in qualified affordable housing projects and other tax credit investment projects. Eastern Bank receives low-income housing tax credits, investment tax credits, rehabilitation tax credits and other tax credits as a result of its investments in these limited partnership investments. At 
 42 

December 31, 2022, we maintained investments of approximately 131.3 million in entities for which we receive allocations of tax credits, excluding investments of approximately 3.9 million in qualified zone academy bond investments, which we utilize to offset our income tax liability. We recorded the benefit of 7.3 million in credits for the year ended December 31, 2022. We intend to utilize all tax credits, as of December 31, 2022, to offset income tax liability. Substantially all of these tax credits are related to development projects that are subject to ongoing compliance requirements over certain periods of time to fully realize their value. If these projects are not operated in full compliance with the required terms, the tax credits could be subject to recapture or restructuring. Further, we may not be able to utilize any future tax credits. If we are unable to utilize our tax credits or, if our tax credits are subject to recapture or restructuring, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties. 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of customers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. If any of such information is incorrect, then the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties may be misrepresented, which would increase our credit risk and expose us to possible write-downs and losses. 
 We may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. 
 We rely on a combination of owned and licensed trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and other intellectual property rights. Third parties may challenge, invalidate, infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property, or such intellectual property may not be sufficient to provide us with competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain services or other competitive harm. In addition, certain aspects of our business and our services rely on technologies licensed by third parties, and we may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties on reasonable terms or at all. The loss or diminution of our intellectual property protection or the inability to obtain third-party intellectual property could harm our business and ability to compete. 
 We may also be subject to costly litigation in the event our services infringe upon or otherwise violate a third party s proprietary rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually be granted, intellectual property rights, including trademarks, that could be infringed by our services or other aspects of our business. Third parties have made, and may make, claims of infringement against us with respect to our services or business. Any claim from third parties may result in a limitation on our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims. Even if we believe that intellectual property related claims are without merit, defending against such claims is time consuming and expensive and could result in the diversion of the time and attention of our management and employees. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might require us to redesign affected services, enter into costly settlement or license agreements, pay costly damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain of our services. Any intellectual property related dispute or litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and by economic conditions generally. 
 Weakness in the U.S. economy may adversely affect, our business. A deterioration of business and economic conditions has adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect the credit quality of our loans, results of operations and financial condition. Increases in loan delinquencies and default rates could adversely impact our loan charge-offs and provision for loan and lease losses. Deterioration or defaults made by issuers of the underlying collateral of our investment securities may cause additional credit-related other-than-temporary impairment charges to our income statement. Our ability to borrow from other financial institutions or to access the debt or equity capital markets on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including actions by rating agencies and deteriorating investor expectations. 
 In addition to these specific effects, widespread adverse economic conditions that could affect us include: 
 Reduced consumer spending; 
 Increased unemployment; 
 Lower wage income levels; 
 Declines in the market value of residential and commercial real estate; 
 Inflation or deflation; 
 Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar; 
 43 

Volatility in short-term and long-term interest rates (for more information regarding the potential effect of fluctuating interest rates, see Changes in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our profitability. and 
 Higher bankruptcy filings. 
 Climate change, natural disasters, public health crises, geopolitical developments, acts of terrorism and other external events could harm our business. 
 Natural disasters can disrupt our operations, result in damage to our properties, reduce or destroy the value of the collateral for our loans and negatively affect the economies in which we operate, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. A significant natural disaster, such as a hurricane, earthquake, fire or flood, could have a material adverse impact on our local market area and ability to conduct business, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate for losses that may occur. Public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, such as the global outbreak of COVID-19, domestic or geopolitical crises, such as terrorism, military conflict, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, other wars or the perception that hostilities may be imminent, political instability or civil unrest, or other conflict, human error or other events outside of our control, could cause disruptions to our business or the United States economy as a whole, and our business and operating results could suffer. The occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. 
 Climate change may worsen the severity and impact of future hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods and other extreme weather-related events that could cause disruption to our business and operations. Chronic results of climate change such as shifting weather patterns could also cause disruption to our business and operations. 
 Changes in accounting standards can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board changes the financial accounting and reporting principles that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be hard to anticipate and implement and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements. Additionally, significant changes to accounting standards may require costly technology changes, additional training and personnel, and other expense that will negatively impact our operating results. 
 The financial weakness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial financial weakness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interconnected as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. We have exposure to many different counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, other commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other financial institutions. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, could lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by us or by other institutions and organizations. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be liquidated or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument exposure due to us. There is no assurance that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Market changes may adversely affect demand for our services and impact results of operations. 
 Channels for servicing our customers are evolving rapidly, with less reliance on traditional branch facilities, more use of online and mobile banking, and increased demand for universal bankers and other relationship managers who can service multiples product lines. We compete with larger providers who are rapidly evolving their service channels and escalating the costs of evolving the service process. We have a process for evaluating the profitability of our branch system and other office and operational facilities. The identification of unprofitable operations and facilities can lead to restructuring charges and introduce the risk of disruptions to revenues and customer relationships. 
 Changes in the equity markets could materially affect the level of assets under management and the demand for fee-based services. 
 Economic downturns could affect the volume of revenue from and demand for fee-based services. Revenue from Eastern Bank s wealth management division depends in large part on the level of assets under management and administration. Market volatility and the potential of such volatility to lead customers to liquidate investments, as well as lower asset values, could reduce the level of assets under management and administration and thereby decrease our investment management revenue. 
 44 

Conditions in the insurance market could adversely affect our earnings. 
 Revenue from insurance fees and commissions could be adversely affected by fluctuating premiums in the insurance markets or other factors beyond our control. Other factors that affect insurance revenue are the profitability and growth of our clients, the renewal rate of the current insurance policies, continued development of new product and services as well as access to new markets. Our insurance revenues and profitability may also be adversely affected by new laws and regulatory developments impacting the healthcare and insurance markets. Some of our competitors may not be affected by such new laws and regulatory developments and would therefore not bear related compliance costs, resulting in cost savings that could provide them with a competitive advantage over us. 
 Eastern Insurance Group s business model could become outdated as insurance carriers offer products directly to consumers. 
 Technological advances in the insurance market have increased the number of insurance carriers that work directly with consumers to generate insurance policies. Since Eastern Insurance Group acts solely as an insurance agent and does not originate insurance policies, this shift in business model could result in decreased revenue and could eventually result in the eradication of the insurance agent model altogether. As such, an increase in the number or popularity of direct-to-consumer insurance products could result in decreased profitability for Eastern Insurance Group. 
 Our return on equity may be relatively low for the foreseeable future compared to our publicly traded peer companies. This could negatively affect the trading price of our shares of common stock. 
 Net income divided by average shareholders equity, known as return on equity, is a ratio many investors use to compare the performance of financial institutions. Our return on equity may be relatively low compared to our publicly traded peers until we are able to leverage the additional capital we raised in our 2020 IPO. Our return on equity will also be negatively affected by added expenses associated with our employee stock ownership plan and the stock-based benefit plans adopted in 2021. Until we can increase our net interest income and non-interest income and leverage the capital raised in the offering, we expect our return on equity to be relatively low for the foreseeable future compared to our publicly traded peer companies. A relatively low return on equity may negatively affect the market price of our shares of common stock. 
 Rising sea levels projected for the coastal regions of Massachusetts and New Hampshire could adversely affect our business. 
 We believe that progressively rising sea levels will be an area of risk over time for the coastal regions of Massachusetts and New Hampshire in our market, both as the frequency and severity of extreme weather events increase and as currently inhabited property and land parcels are exposed to episodic flooding and routinely higher tides. As a city, Boston was ranked the world s eighth most vulnerable to floods among 136 coastal cities by a 2013 study produced by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. According to a 2016 report sponsored in part by the City of Boston, sea levels in Boston, which rose approximately nine inches relative to land during the twentieth century, may rise another eight inches by 2030, and by 2050, the sea level in Boston may be as much as 1.5 feet higher than it was in 2000. The increase in the relative sea level in Boston and other coastal regions of Massachusetts and New Hampshire in our market is expected to result in higher coastal surges during storm events and, when considered with projected increases in precipitation intensities, an increase in stormwater flooding. These effects in Boston and similar conditions elsewhere in our market area may adversely affect the value of commercial and residential properties that secure some of our loans and may adversely affect economic develop in portions of our market area. 
 Societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. 
 Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. Eastern Bank and its customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes, and the like. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. Among the impacts to Eastern Bank could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors. In addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing our business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. 
 45 

We are subject to environmental, social and governance risks that could adversely affect our reputation and the trading price of our common stock. 
 We are subject to a variety of environmental, social and governance risks that arise out of the set of concerns that together comprise what have become commonly known as ESG matters. Risks arising from ESG matters may adversely affect, among other things, our reputation and the trading price of our common stock. 
 As a financial institution with a diverse base of customers, vendors and suppliers, we may face potential negative publicity based on the identity of those we choose to do business with and the public s (or certain segments of the public s) view of those customers, vendors and suppliers. This negative publicity may be driven by adverse news coverage in traditional media and may also be spread through the use of social media platforms. If our relationships with our customers, vendors and suppliers were to become the subject of such negative publicity, our ability to attract and retain customers and employees may be negatively impacted and our stock price may also be impacted. 
 Additionally, many investors now consider how corporations are addressing ESG matters when making investment decisions. For example, certain investors incorporate the business risks of climate change and the adequacy of companies responses to climate change and other ESG matters as part of their investment theses. These shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of our common stock if investors determine that we do not sufficiently address ESG matters in accordance with their standards or other third-party standards for evaluating ESG matters. 
 Further, our regulators, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, may adopt regulations related to ESG matters that could require the collection, assessment, and reporting of extensive data, including emissions-related data, in categories and formats that are novel to us. Although we have begun considering and developing various measures to address potential future regulatory requirements, these measures may not be sufficient in every instance to ensure full compliance with such requirements. 
 Risks Related to Regulations 
 Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the monetary and related policies of the Federal Reserve Board. An important function of the Federal Reserve Board is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve Board to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in banks reserve requirements against bank deposits and the interest rate paid on such reserves. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 The monetary and related policies of the Federal Reserve Board have had a significant effect on the operating results of financial institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. Changes in any of these policies are influenced by macroeconomic conditions and other factors that are beyond Eastern Bank s control and the effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. 
 Our business is highly regulated, which could limit or restrict our activities and impose financial requirements or limitations on the conduct of our business. 
 Eastern Bank and Eastern Bankshares, Inc. are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Federal and state laws and regulations govern numerous matters affecting us, including changes in the ownership or control of banks and bank holding companies, maintenance of adequate capital and the financial condition of a financial institution, permissible types, amounts and terms of extensions of credit and investments, permissible non-banking activities, the level of reserves against deposits and restrictions on stock repurchases and dividend payments. The FDIC and the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks have the power to issue cease and desist orders to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law by banks subject to their regulation, and the Federal Reserve Board possesses similar powers with respect to bank holding companies and their subsidiary banks. These and other restrictions limit the manner in which we and Eastern Bank may conduct business and obtain financing. 
 The laws, rules, regulations, and supervisory guidance and policies applicable to us are subject to modification and change. Changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties, and/or reputation damage, which could have a material 
 46 

adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. See the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Business Supervision and Regulation for a discussion of the regulations to which we are subject. 
 Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on our operations, the classification of our assets and determination of the level of our allowance for loan losses. These regulations, along with the currently existing tax, accounting, securities, insurance, monetary laws, rules, standards, policies and interpretations control the methods by which financial institutions conduct business, implement strategic initiatives and tax compliance, and govern financial reporting and disclosures. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation or supervisory action, may have a material impact on our operations. 
 In addition, changes in the legal and regulatory framework under which we operate require us to update our information systems to ensure compliance. Our need to review and evaluate the impact of ongoing rule proposals, final rules and implementation guidance from regulators further complicates the development and implementation of new information systems for our business. Also, our regulators expect us to perform increased due diligence and ongoing monitoring of third-party vendor relationships, thus increasing the scope of management involvement and decreasing the efficiency otherwise resulting from our relationships with third-party technology providers. 
 Presidential appointees to the independent bank regulatory agencies may adopt new regulatory policies and pursue different bank supervisory priorities. We are unable to predict whether changes in the policies and priorities of independent bank regulatory agencies will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to capital and liquidity standards that require banks and bank holding companies to maintain more and higher quality capital and greater liquidity than has historically been the case. 
 New capital requirements which were fully phased-in as of January 1, 2019, require bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries to maintain substantially higher levels of capital as a percentage of their assets, with a greater emphasis on common equity as opposed to other components of capital. The need to maintain more and higher quality capital, as well as greater liquidity, and generally increased regulatory scrutiny with respect to capital levels, may at some point limit our business activities, including lending, and our ability to expand. It could also result in our taking steps to increase our regulatory capital and may dilute shareholder value or limit our ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to our investors through stock repurchases. 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The Community Reinvestment Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, and other fair lending laws and regulations impose community investment and nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Department of Justice and other federal and state agencies are responsible for enforcing these federal laws and regulations and comparable state provisions. A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the Community Reinvestment Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act or other fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions, restrictions on expansion and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Various federal banking agencies are considering changes to their respective Community Reinvestment Act regulations. We are unable to predict whether any of those changes will be adopted and, if so, whether they will have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations, possibly even inadvertent or unintentional violations. 
 The financial services industry is subject to intense scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and aggressive enforcement of federal and state regulations, particularly with respect to mortgage-related practices and other consumer compliance matters, and compliance with anti-money laundering, Bank Secrecy Act and Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations, and economic sanctions against certain foreign countries and nationals. Enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations; however, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there were in place at the time systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance. Failure to comply with these and other regulations, and supervisory expectations related thereto, may result in fines, penalties, lawsuits, regulatory sanctions, reputation damage or restrictions on our business. 
 47 

Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions. 
 The USA PATRIOT and Bank Secrecy Acts require financial institutions to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities. If such activities are detected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury s Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. These rules require financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines or sanctions, including restrictions on conducting acquisitions or establishing new branches. Although we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, these policies and procedures may not be effective in preventing violations of these laws and regulations. 
 An increase in FDIC insurance assessments could significantly increase our expenses. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act eliminated the maximum Deposit Insurance Fund DIF ratio of 1.5 of estimated deposits, and the FDIC has established a long-term ratio of 2.0 . In September 2020, the FDIC adopted a restoration plan designed to ensure that the DIF reserve ratio reaches 1.35 by September 2028. On September 30, 2021, the Deposit Insurance Fund reserve ratio was 1.27 . In October 2022, the FDIC increased the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules for all FDIC insured depository institutions by 2 basis points, beginning with the quarterly assessment period ending March 31, 2023. The new assessment rate schedules will remain in effect unless and until the DIF reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2 , absent further FDIC action. In addition, if our regulators issue downgraded ratings of Eastern Bank in connection with their examinations, the FDIC could impose significant additional fees and assessments on us. 
 We may be unable to disclose some restrictions or limitations on our operations imposed by our regulators. 
 Bank regulatory agencies have the authority to take supervisory actions that restrict or limit a financial institution s activities. In some instances, we are not permitted to publicly disclose these actions. In addition, as part of our regular examination process, our and our banking subsidiary s respective regulators may advise us to operate under various restrictions as a prudential matter. Any such actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could adversely affect our costs and revenues. Moreover, efforts to comply with any such nonpublic supervisory actions or restrictions may require material investments in additional resources and systems, as well as a significant commitment of managerial time and attention. As a result, such supervisory actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations; and, in certain instances, we may not be able to publicly disclose these matters. 
 We could be required to act as a source of strength to our banking subsidiaries, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Federal Reserve Board policy historically required bank holding companies such as Eastern Bankshares, Inc. to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. The Dodd-Frank Act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. This support may be required by the Federal Reserve Board at times when Eastern Bankshares, Inc. might otherwise determine not to provide it or when doing so might not otherwise be in the interests of the shareholders or creditors of Eastern Bankshares, Inc., and may include one or more of the following: 
 Any extension of credit from Eastern Bankshares, Inc. to Eastern Bank or any other bank subsidiary that is included in the relevant bank s capital would be subordinate in right of payment to depositors and certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary banks. 
 In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment that the bank holding company had been required to make to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment. 
 In certain circumstances if we have two or more bank subsidiaries, one bank subsidiary could be assessed for losses incurred by another bank subsidiary. In addition, in the event of impairment of the capital stock of one of our banking subsidiaries, Eastern Bankshares, Inc., as our banking subsidiary s shareholder, could be required to pay such deficiency. 
 Laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection could have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 We currently are subject to state and federal rules regarding privacy and data protection, such as the Massachusetts data security law (Standards for the Protection of Personal Information of Residents of the Commonwealth). Our growth and expansion into a variety of new fields may potentially involve new U.S.-based regulatory issues/requirements including, for example, the New York Department of Financial Services Cybersecurity Regulation or the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ). In addition, one or more members of the European Union (the EU may take the position that we are 
 48 

subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR because some of our customers are or may become residents of EU states while maintaining account relationships with us. The potential costs of compliance with or imposed by new or existing laws and regulations and policies that are applicable to us may affect the use of our products and services and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations and differences in interpretation of tax laws and regulations may adversely affect our financial statements and our operating results. 
 From time to time, local, state or federal tax authorities change tax laws and regulations, which may result in a decrease or increase to our deferred tax asset. Local, state or federal tax authorities may interpret laws and regulations differently than we do and challenge tax positions that we have taken on tax returns. This may result in differences in the treatment of revenues, deductions, credits and/or differences in the timing of these items. The differences in treatment may result in payment of additional taxes, interest, penalties or litigation costs that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 Due to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, we may not be able to deduct all of the compensation of some executives, including executives of companies we may acquire in the future. 
 Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code generally limits to 1 million annual deductions for compensation paid to covered employees of any publicly held corporation. A publicly held corporation includes any company, such as Eastern Bankshares, Inc., that issues securities required to be registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or companies required to file reports under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, determined as of the last day of the company s taxable year. We expect that as a publicly held corporation, the deductibility of compensation to our covered employees will be similarly limited. Pursuant to proposed U.S. Treasury regulations issued on December 20, 2019 clarifying the changes made to Section 162(m) by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the initial guidance provided by the IRS in Notice 2018-68 that was issued in August 2018, the definition of covered employees generally includes anyone who served as the principal executive officer PEO or principal financial officer PFO at any time during the taxable year; the three highest compensated executive officers (other than the PEO or PFO), determined under SEC rules; and any individual who was a covered employee, including of a predecessor company, at any point during a taxable year beginning on or after January 1, 2017, even after the employee terminates employment. We expect that in most if not all cases a publicly traded company that we might acquire in the future will be a predecessor company. Accordingly, we expect that the number of our covered employees will increase if Eastern acquires one or more publicly held corporations in the future. 
 As a result of the foregoing, Section 162(m) limited the deductibility of compensation to our covered employees to 1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and assuming no change in applicable law, we expect that we will not be able to deduct all of the compensation paid in future years where Eastern qualifies as a publicly held corporation. Losing deductions under Section 162(m) could increase our income taxes and reduce our net income. A reduction in net income could negatively affect the price of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. stock. 
 Regulatory developments could adversely affect our business by increasing our costs and thereby making our business less profitable. 
 Our profitability may be adversely affected by current and future rulemaking and enforcement activity by the various federal, state and self-regulatory organizations to which we are subject. Regulations can adversely affect our compliance costs and other non-interest expenses, and failure to comply with regulations could subject us to regulatory actions or litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 New laws, rules and regulations, or changes to the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws, rules or regulations, from time to time could increase our expenses, causing our recent historical expenses not to be indicative of future expenses, and could result in limitations on the lines of business we conduct or plan to conduct, modifications to our current or future business practices, and increased capital requirements. For example, the SEC and our banking regulators have proposed climate-related disclosure requirements and principles for climate-related financial risk management, respectively. We expect that these developments could negatively impact our results, including by increasing our legal, compliance, and information technology expenditures and could result in other costs, as well as greater risks of lawsuits and enforcement activity by regulators. These changes may also affect the array of products and services we offer to our customers. 
 It is unclear how and whether our regulators, including the SEC, FDIC, other banking regulators and other state insurance regulators may respond to, or enforce elements of, these new regulations or develop their own similar laws and regulations. The impacts, degree and timing of the effect of applicable laws, future regulations and industry principles on our business cannot now be anticipated and may have further impacts on our products and services and the results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Stock-Based Benefit Plans 
 49 

Our stock-based benefit plans have increased and will continue to increase our expenses and reduce our income. 
 In 2021, we adopted the Equity Plan, which will increase our annual compensation and benefit expenses related to awards granted to participants under such plan. The actual amount of these new stock-related compensation and benefit expenses will depend on the number of awards actually granted under the Equity Plan, the fair market value of the awards on the date of grant, the vesting period, and other factors which we cannot predict at this time. 
 In addition, we recognize compensation expense monthly for our employee stock ownership plan when shares are committed to be released to participants accounts, and we recognize compensation expense for restricted stock awards, performance stock units and restricted stock units over the vesting period of awards made to recipients. We anticipate that in 2023, our incremental compensation expense for shares purchased in our IPO by the ESOP and for the Equity Plan will significantly increase our overall compensation expense as compared to prior years. 
 If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely and capable manner, we may be subject to adverse regulatory consequences and there could be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. 
 We ceased being an emerging growth company on December 31, 2021, and therefore Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act is now applicable to us. Accordingly, our management is now required to conduct an annual assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and include a report on these internal controls in the annual reports we will file with the SEC on Form 10-K. Our independent registered public accounting firm is required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls. This requires significant documentation of our policies, procedures and systems, review of that documentation by our internal auditing and accounting staff and our outside independent registered public accounting firm, and testing of our internal control over financial reporting by our internal auditing and accounting staff and our outside independent registered public accounting firm. This process involves considerable time and attention, strains our internal resources, and increases our operating costs. We have experienced and may continue to experience higher than anticipated operating expenses and outside auditor fees during the implementation of these changes and thereafter. If our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 Risks Related to Our Articles of Organization and State and Federal Banking Laws 
 Various factors may make takeover attempts more difficult to achieve. 
 Certain provisions of our articles of organization and state and federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. without our Board of Directors approval. Under regulations applicable to our IPO, no person may acquire beneficial ownership of more than 10 of our common stock before October 15, 2023 without prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board and the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks. If any person exceeds this 10 beneficial ownership threshold, shares in excess of 10 will not be counted as shares entitled to vote during the three-year period ending October 14, 2023. After that three-year period, the holder of shares in excess of the 10 threshold will be entitled to cast only one one-hundredth (1/100) of a vote per share for each share in excess of the 10 threshold. Under federal law, subject to certain exemptions, a person, entity or group must notify the Federal Reserve Board before acquiring control of a bank holding company. Acquisition of 10 or more of any class of voting stock of a bank holding company, including shares of our common stock, creates a rebuttable presumption that the acquirer controls the bank holding company. Also, a bank holding company must obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board before, among other things, acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of any class of voting shares of any bank, including Eastern Bank, and certain non-bank companies. 
 There also are provisions in our articles of organization that may be used to delay or block a takeover attempt, including, among others, a provision that prohibits any person from casting a full vote for any shares of common stock exceeding the 10 threshold, as described above; the prohibition on removal of directors without cause; and the required approval of at least 80 of the voting power of the shares then-outstanding entitled to vote for business combination transactions with interested shareholders. Additionally, our Board of Directors is currently classified, with directors serving three-year staggered terms. However, the classified structure is being phased out, and by our 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, directors will be elected for annual terms. Furthermore, shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units or stock options that we may grant to employees and directors, stock ownership by our management and directors, employment agreements and/or change in control agreements that we have entered into with our executive officers and other factors may make it more expensive for companies or persons to acquire control of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. Taken as a whole, these 
 50 

statutory provisions and provisions in our articles of organization could result in our being less attractive to a potential acquirer and thus could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 The articles of organization of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. provide that state and federal courts located in Massachusetts will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 The articles of organization of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. provide that state and federal courts located in Massachusetts will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. The articles of organization of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Business Litigation Session of the Suffolk County Superior Court (the BLS (1) is the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of Eastern Bankshares, Inc., any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of Massachusetts corporate law, or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, and (2) is a concurrent jurisdiction for any claim arising under the Securities Act of 1933 or the rules and regulations thereunder. The articles of organization also provide that the exclusive forum provision does not apply to any claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction, including all suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. The choice of forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the shareholder finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors and officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our articles of organization to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 The market price of our stock value may be negatively affected by applicable regulations that restrict stock repurchases by us. 
 Massachusetts regulations prohibit us from repurchasing shares of our common stock through October 14, 2023 (i.e., during the first three years following the completion of our IPO), except to fund tax-qualified or nontax-qualified employee stock benefit plans, or except in amounts not greater than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock then outstanding. 
 Our repurchase of shares of common stock is also subject to Federal Reserve Board policy related to repurchases of shares by depository institution holding companies. To date, we have received two notices of non-objection to proposed share repurchase programs, one allowing the purchase of up to 9,337,900 shares, which we completed in the third quarter of 2022; and one allowing the purchase of up to up to 8,900,000 shares through August 31, 2023. The outstanding repurchase program, which is limited to 200.0 million, may be modified or terminated by our Board of Directors at any time. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board could subsequently limit or prohibit our repurchase of common stock if we experience a material adverse change in our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 At December 31, 2022, we conducted our banking business through our corporate headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts and 98 branch offices located in eastern Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire. In addition, Eastern Bank occupies two administrative/operational offices, in Lynn and Brockton, Massachusetts. Eastern Insurance Group LLC operates through 21 non-branch offices including offices in eastern Massachusetts, and one office in Providence, Rhode Island. At December 31, 2022, we leased 81 of our offices, and the total net book value of our land, buildings, furniture, fixtures and equipment was 62.7 million. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We operate in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes us to potentially significant risks. For more information regarding the Company s exposure generally to legal and regulatory risks, see Business Legal and Regulatory Proceedings in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 51 

As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are not involved in any pending legal proceeding as a plaintiff or a defendant other than routine legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business, and we are not involved in any legal proceeding the outcome of which we believe would be material to our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

52 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Eastern Bankshares, Inc. s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol EBC. As of February 10, 2023, there were 8,175 common shareholders of record based on information provided by our transfer agent. The number of record-holders may not reflect the number of persons or entities holding stock in nominee name through banks, brokerage firms and other nominees. 
 Comparative Stock Performance Graph 
 The stock performance graph below and associated table compare the cumulative total shareholder return of our common stock from October 15, 2020 to December 31, 2022 to the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Index and the KBW Regional Banking Index. The lines in the graph and the numbers in the table below represent quarterly index levels derived from the compounded daily returns that include reinvestment or retention of all dividends. If the quarterly interval, based on the last day of a quarter, was not a trading day, the preceding trading day was used. The index value for all of the series was set to 100.00 on October 15, 2020 (which assumes that 100.00 was invested in each of the series on October 15, 2020). 
 The following information in this Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Exchange Act or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such a filing. The stock price performance shown on the stock performance graph and associated table below is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. Information used in the graph and table was obtained from a third party provider, a source believed to be reliable, but we are not responsible for any errors or omission in such information. 
 
 53 

Period Ending Index 10/15/2020 12/31/2020 03/31/2021 06/30/2021 9/30/2021 Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 100.00 134.24 159.29 170.48 168.94 Russell 2000 100.00 120.82 136.16 142.00 135.81 KBW Regional Banks 100.00 134.82 174.87 172.39 177.93 Index 12/31/2021 3/31/2022 6/30/2022 9/30/2022 12/31/2022 Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 168.53 180.81 155.75 166.55 147.04 Russell 2000 138.72 128.28 106.22 103.90 110.37 KBW Regional Banks 184.23 180.21 158.61 164.85 171.46 
 Source: Zacks Investment Research, Inc. 1980-2023 
 Dividends 
 We intend to continue to pay regular cash dividends to holders of our common stock; however, any future determination to declare and pay cash dividends, if any, will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on a variety of factors, including applicable laws, our financial condition, results of operations, business prospects, general business or financial market conditions, regulatory environment and other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant. To the extent dividends from Eastern Bank will be a source of cash used by the Company to pay its dividends, dividends from the Bank will be dependent on the Bank s future earnings, capital requirements, and financial condition. 
 Repurchases of Common Shares 
 As further detailed below, we have received notices of non-objection from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to two share repurchase programs, one allowing the purchase of up to 9,337,900 shares of our common stock, which we competed in the third quarter of 2022, and the other allowing the purchase of up to 8,900,000 shares through August 31, 2023. Repurchases are made at management s discretion from time to time at prices management considers to be attractive and in the best interests of both the Company and its shareholders, subject to the availability of shares, general market conditions, the trading price of the shares, alternative uses for capital and liquidity, and our financial performance. Repurchases may be suspended, terminated or modified by us at any time for any reason. 
 Information regarding the shares repurchased under the plans is presented in the following table: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of the Share Repurchase Programs Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Share Repurchase Programs (1)(2) December 1, 2021 December 31, 2021 1,135,878 20.42 1,135,878 8,202,022 January 1, 2022 January 31, 2022 987,526 21.02 2,123,404 7,214,496 February 1, 2022 February 28, 2022 1,109,697 21.08 3,233,101 6,104,799 March 1, 2022 March 31, 2022 769,398 21.31 4,002,499 5,335,401 April 1, 2022 April 30, 2022 1,194,185 20.19 5,196,684 4,141,216 May 1, 2022 May 31, 2022 1,880,381 18.93 7,077,065 2,260,835 June 1, 2022 June 30, 2022 1,141,903 18.78 8,218,968 1,118,932 July 1, 2022 July 31, 2022 909,785 19.02 9,128,753 209,147 August 1, 2022 August 31, 2022 9,128,753 209,147 September 1, 2022 September 30, 2022 571,463 20.33 9,700,216 8,537,684 October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 1,094,049 20.32 10,794,265 7,443,635 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 453,885 18.91 11,248,150 6,989,750 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 11,248,150 6,989,750 Total 11,248,150 19.97 
 (1) On October 28, 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors had approved a share repurchase program, subject to receipt of a notice of non-objection from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Non-Objection Notice ). On November 12, 2021, we announced we had received the Non-Objection Notice to the share repurchase program, which authorized the purchase of up 
 54 

to 9,337,900 shares over a 12-month period. The program was limited to 225.0 million through November 30, 2022. We completed the repurchase of the total number of shares authorized through this program during the third quarter of 2022. 
 (2) On September 7, 2022, we announced receipt of a notice of non-objection from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a new share repurchase program. The program, which authorizes the purchase of up to 8,900,000 shares over a 12-month period, is limited to 200.0 million through August 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 55 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those in this discussion as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a bank holding company, and our principal subsidiary, Eastern Bank, is a Massachusetts-chartered bank that has served the banking needs of our customers since 1818. Our business philosophy is to operate as a diversified financial services enterprise providing a broad array of banking and other financial services primarily to retail, commercial and small business customers. We had total assets of 22.6 billion and 23.5 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We are subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), the Federal Reserve Board and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
 We manage our business under two business segments: our banking business, which contributed revenue of 645.4 million, or 86.7 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our insurance agency business, which contributed revenue of 98.8 million, or 13.3 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our banking business consists of a full range of banking, lending (commercial, residential and consumer), savings and small business offerings, including our wealth management and trust operations that we conduct through our Eastern Wealth Management division. Our insurance agency business consists of insurance-related activities, acting as an independent agent in offering commercial, personal and employee benefits insurance products to individual and commercial clients. Refer to the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Business within Item 1 for further discussion of our banking business and insurance agency business. 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, computed in accordance with GAAP, was 199.8 million, as compared to 154.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 29.2 . This increase was primarily due to an increase in net interest income. Our net interest income increased primarily due to an increase in our average interest-earning assets, which was primarily the result of our 2021 acquisition of Century. Refer to the Results of Operations section below for further discussion. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included items that our management considers non-core, which management excludes for purposes of assessing our operating net income, a non-GAAP financial measure. Operating net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 213.3 million compared to 165.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was largely driven by the aforementioned change in average interest-earning assets. Refer to the Outlook and Trends section below for further discussion. Refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for a reconciliation of net operating earnings to GAAP net income. 
 56 

The following chart shows our basic earnings per share on a GAAP and operating (non-GAAP) basis over the past three years (refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for a reconciliation of GAAP earnings to operating earnings): 
 
 Earnings per share, on a GAAP basis, increased from 0.90 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.21 for the year ended December 31, 2022 a 34.4 increase. The increase was primarily due to an increase in net interest income and a decrease in the average number of common shares outstanding. The decrease in the average number of common shares outstanding was attributable to share repurchases in connection with our previously announced share repurchase programs. 
 57 

The following chart shows our efficiency ratio on a GAAP and operating (non-GAAP) basis over the past five years (refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below for additional information on the determination of each measure): 
 
 The GAAP efficiency ratio and non-GAAP operating efficiency ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased compared to the ratios for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decreases were primarily attributable to increased net interest income, which resulted in a margin of increase in total revenue that exceeded the rates at which noninterest expense increased and noninterest income decreased for the same periods. Refer to the Results of Operations section below for additional discussion of the changes in net interest income, noninterest income and noninterest expense. 
 
 Outlook and Trends 
 Interest Rates 
 We believe that increases in the federal funds rate we expect to occur in the first half of 2023 will reduce our net interest income in 2023 as the increases in interest-bearing liability costs are anticipated to exceed the increase in yield on interest-earning assets. Beginning in March 2022, the FOMC voted to increase the federal funds rate multiple times from a range of 0.00 to 0.25 to a range of 4.50 to 4.75 on February 1, 2023, when the FOMC stated that it anticipates that ongoing increases in the target range [for the federal funds rate] will be appropriate in order to attain a stance of monetary policy that is sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to 2 percent over time. 
 Inevitably, not all of our interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities will re-price simultaneously and in equal volume in response to changes in the federal funds rate, and therefore the potential for interest rate exposure exists. Management believes that several factors will affect the actual impact of interest rate changes on our balance sheet and operating results, including, but not limited to, actual changes in interest rates or expectations of future changes, the degree of volatility in the securities markets, inflation rates or expectations of inflation, and the slope of the interest rate yield curve. We attempt to manage interest rate risk by identifying, quantifying, and, where appropriate, hedging our exposure. Approximately 34 of the outstanding principal balance of our loans as of December 31, 2022 was indexed to a market rate that is expected to reprice along with the federal funds rate. As rates have risen and the shape of the yield curve changed during the year ended December 31, 2022, a portion of these loans have been hedged using interest rate swaps to convert the floating rate interest receipts to a fixed rate. The notional amount of floating rate loans swapped totaled 2.4 billion as of December 31, 2022, representing approximately 18 of the outstanding principal balance of our loans at that date. For more detail regarding such hedging financial instruments, refer to Note 19, Derivative Financial Instruments within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We anticipate that an increase in market interest rates, whether due to an increase in the federal funds rate or otherwise, will decrease the fair value of those interest rate swaps 
 58 

and consequently reduce the positive impact on our net interest income that an interest rate increase would otherwise have. Refer to the section titled Management of Market Risk within this Item 7 for additional discussion including the estimated change to our net interest income under interest rate risk measurement methodologies that use a variety of hypothetical scenarios assuming immediate and parallel changes in interest rates that may not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loans 
 We are a participating lender in the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP. We concluded PPP loan originations in the second quarter of 2021 as the SBA announced in May 2021 that PPP funds were exhausted. The majority of our PPP borrowers are existing commercial and small business borrowers, non-profit customers, retail banking customers and clients of our Eastern Wealth Management division and Eastern Insurance Group. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining balance of our PPP loans was 9.8 million and 331.4 million, respectively. Net PPP loan fee accretion (fee accretion less cost amortization) for all PPP loans decreased by 25.3 million, or 73.8 , to 9.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 34.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our net interest margin was adversely affected as a result of the decline in net fee accretion, which is associated with the decreased volume of PPP loan payoffs. The impact to our net interest margin resulting from the decline in net PPP loan fee accretion during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was 0.25 (change computed based upon average total loans for the year ended December 31, 2021). 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We present certain non-GAAP financial measures, which management uses to evaluate our performance, and which exclude the effects of certain transactions, non-cash items and GAAP adjustments that we believe are unrelated to our core business and are therefore not necessarily indicative of our current performance or financial position. Management believes excluding these items facilitates greater visibility for investors into our core businesses as well as underlying trends that may, to some extent, be obscured by inclusion of such items in the corresponding GAAP financial measures. 
 There are items in our financial statements that impact our results but which we believe are unrelated to our core business. Accordingly, we present operating net income, noninterest income on an operating basis, noninterest expense on an operating basis, total operating revenue, operating earnings per share, operating net income to average tangible shareholders equity, tangible book value per share, and the operating efficiency ratio, each of which excludes the impact of such items because we believe such exclusion can provide greater visibility into our core business and underlying trends. Such items that we do not consider to be core to our business include (i) income and expenses from investments held in rabbi trusts, (ii) gains and losses on sales of securities available for sale, net, (iii) gains and losses on the sale of other assets, (iv) rabbi trust employee benefits, (v) impairment charges on tax credit investments and associated tax credit benefits, (vi) expenses indirectly associated with our IPO, (vii) other real estate owned OREO gains, (viii) merger and acquisition expenses, (ix) the stock donation to the Eastern Bank Foundation (the Foundation in connection with our mutual-to-stock conversion and IPO, (x) settlement of putative consumer class action litigation matters related to overdraft and non-sufficient fund fees, and associated settlement expenses, and (xi) the non-cash pension settlement charge recognized related to our Defined Benefit Plan. 
 We also present tangible shareholders equity, tangible assets, the ratio of tangible shareholders equity to tangible assets, average tangible shareholders equity, the ratios of net income and operating net income to average tangible shareholders equity and tangible book value per share, each of which excludes the impact of goodwill and other intangible assets, as we believe these financial measures provide investors with the ability to further assess our performance, identify trends in our core business and provide a comparison of our capital adequacy to other companies. We have included the tangible ratios because management believes that investors may find it useful to have access to the same analytical tools used by management to assess performance and identify trends. 
 Our non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as an alternative or substitute to GAAP net income, or as an indication of our cash flows from operating activities, a measure of our liquidity or an indication of funds available for our cash needs. An item which we consider to be non-core and exclude when computing these non-GAAP financial measures can be of substantial importance to our results for any particular period. In addition, our methodology for calculating non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar performance measures and, accordingly, our reported non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to the same or similar performance measures reported by other companies. 
 59 

The following table summarizes the impact of non-core items recorded for the time periods indicated below and reconciles them to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Net income (GAAP) 199,759 154,665 22,738 Non-GAAP adjustments: Add: Noninterest income components: Losses (income) from investments held in rabbi trusts 10,762 (10,217) (10,337) Losses (gains) on sales of securities available for sale, net 3,157 (1,166) (288) (Gains) losses on sales of other assets (1,492) (571) 20 Noninterest expense components: Rabbi trust employee benefit (income) expense (5,161) 5,515 4,789 Impairment (reversal) charge on tax credit investments (170) 10,779 Indirect IPO costs (1) 1,199 Gain on sale of other real estate owned (87) (606) Merger and acquisition expenses 305 35,460 90 Settlement and expenses for putative consumer class action matters 3,325 Defined Benefit Plan settlement loss (2) 12,045 Stock donation to the Eastern Bank Foundation 91,287 Total impact of non-GAAP adjustments 19,616 32,089 96,933 Less net tax benefit associated with non-GAAP adjustment (3) 
 6,096 20,869 17,537 Non-GAAP adjustments, net of tax 13,520 11,220 79,396 Operating net income (non-GAAP) 
 213,279 165,885 102,134 Weighted average common shares outstanding during the period: Basic 165,510,357 172,192,336 171,812,535 Diluted 165,648,571 172,252,057 171,812,535 Earnings per share, basic 1.21 0.90 0.13 Earnings per share, diluted 1.21 0.90 0.13 Operating earnings per share, basic (non-GAAP) 1.29 0.96 0.59 Operating earnings per share, diluted (non-GAAP) 1.29 0.96 0.59 
 (1) Reflects costs associated with the IPO that are indirectly related to the IPO and were not recorded as a reduction of capital. 
 (2) Represents a non-cash settlement charge related to the Defined Benefit Plan. For additional information regarding this charge, refer to Note 17, Employee Benefits within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (3) The net tax benefit associated with these items is determined by assessing whether each item is included or excluded from net taxable income and applying our combined statutory tax rate only to those items included in net taxable income. The net tax benefit amount for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 reflects the impact of the reversal of a 12.0 million valuation allowance associated with the stock donation to the Eastern Bank Foundation in the amounts of 0.7 million and 11.3 million, respectively. The reversal of the valuation allowance in each period was considered appropriate based upon our determination of the realizability of such deductions for tax purposes at that time. 
 60 

The following table summarizes the impact of non-core items with respect to our total revenue, noninterest income, noninterest expense and the efficiency ratio, which reconciles to the most directly comparable respective GAAP financial measure, for the periods indicated: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands) Net interest income (GAAP) 568,054 429,827 401,251 411,264 390,044 Add: Tax-equivalent adjustment (non-GAAP)(2) 12,736 6,093 5,472 5,254 5,696 Fully-taxable equivalent net interest income (non-GAAP) 580,790 435,920 406,723 416,518 395,740 Noninterest income (GAAP) 176,161 193,155 178,373 182,299 180,595 Less: (Losses) income from investments held in rabbi trusts (10,762) 10,217 10,337 9,866 (1,542) (Losses) gains on sales of securities available for sale, net (3,157) 1,166 288 2,016 50 Gains (losses) on sales of other assets 1,492 571 (20) (15) 1,989 Noninterest income on an operating basis (non-GAAP) 188,588 181,201 167,768 170,432 180,098 Noninterest expense (GAAP) 469,602 443,956 504,923 412,684 397,928 Less: Rabbi trust employee benefit (income) expense (5,161) 5,515 4,789 4,604 (847) Impairment (reversal) charge on tax credit investments (170) 10,779 Indirect IPO costs (1) 1,199 Merger and acquisition expenses 305 35,460 90 244 Settlement and expenses for putative consumer class action matters 3,325 Defined Benefit Plan settlement loss 12,045 Stock donation to the Eastern Bank Foundation 91,287 Plus: Gain on sale of other real estate owned 87 606 Noninterest expense on an operating basis (non-GAAP) 462,413 399,913 397,385 408,080 398,531 Total revenue (GAAP) 744,215 622,982 579,624 593,563 570,639 Total operating revenue (non-GAAP) 769,378 617,121 574,491 586,950 575,838 Ratios Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 63.10 71.26 87.11 69.53 69.73 Operating efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 60.10 64.80 69.17 69.53 69.21 
 (1) Reflects costs associated with the IPO that are indirectly related to the IPO and were not recorded as a reduction of capital. 
 (2) Interest income on tax-exempt loans and investment securities has been adjusted to an FTE basis using a marginal tax rate of 21.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022, 21.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021, 21.8 for the year ended December 31, 2020, 21.8 for the year ended December 31, 2019, and 21.7 for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 61 

The following table summarizes the calculation of our tangible shareholders equity, tangible assets, the ratio of tangible shareholders equity to tangible assets, and tangible book value per share, which reconciles to the most directly comparable respective GAAP measure, as of the dates indicated: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Tangible shareholders equity: Total shareholders equity (GAAP) 2,471,790 3,406,352 3,428,052 1,600,153 1,433,141 Less: Goodwill and other intangibles 661,126 649,703 376,534 377,734 381,276 Tangible shareholders equity (non-GAAP) 1,810,664 2,756,649 3,051,518 1,222,419 1,051,865 Tangible assets: Total assets (GAAP) 22,646,858 23,512,128 15,964,190 11,628,775 11,372,287 Less: Goodwill and other intangibles 661,126 649,703 376,534 377,734 381,276 Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 21,985,732 22,862,425 15,587,656 11,251,041 10,991,011 Shareholders equity to assets ratio (GAAP) 10.9 14.5 21.5 13.8 12.6 Tangible shareholders equity to tangible assets ratio (non-GAAP) 8.2 12.1 19.6 10.9 9.6 Book value per share: Common shares issued and outstanding 176,172,073 186,305,332 186,758,154 Book value per share (GAAP) 14.03 18.28 18.36 Tangible book value per share (non-GAAP) 10.28 14.80 16.34 
 The following table summarizes the calculation of our average tangible shareholders equity and ratio of net income and operating net income to average tangible shareholders equity operating return on average tangible shareholders equity ), which reconciles to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for the periods indicated: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (GAAP) 199,759 154,665 22,738 135,098 122,727 Operating net income (non-GAAP) (1) 213,279 165,885 102,134 129,696 121,796 Average tangible shareholders equity: Average total shareholders equity (GAAP) 2,831,533 3,424,570 2,040,156 1,543,191 1,360,562 Less: Average goodwill and other intangibles 655,653 414,441 376,706 379,615 380,304 Average tangible shareholders equity (non-GAAP) 2,175,880 3,010,129 1,663,450 1,163,576 980,258 Ratios: Return on average total shareholders equity (GAAP) 7.05 4.52 1.11 8.75 9.02 Return on average tangible shareholders equity (non-GAAP) 9.18 5.14 1.37 11.61 12.52 Operating return on average tangible shareholders equity (non-GAAP) 9.80 5.51 6.14 11.15 12.42 
 (1) Refer to the table above within this Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for a reconciliation of operating net income to net income. 
 62 

Financial Position 
 Summary of Financial Position 
 As of December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount ) Percentage ) (Dollars in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 169,505 1,231,792 (1,062,287) (86.2) Securities available for sale 6,690,778 8,511,224 (1,820,446) (21.4) Securities held to maturity 476,647 476,647 100.0 Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 13,420,317 12,157,281 1,263,036 10.4 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 41,363 10,904 30,459 279.3 Goodwill and other intangible assets 661,126 649,703 11,423 1.8 Deposits 18,974,359 19,628,311 (653,952) (3.3) Borrowed funds 740,828 34,278 706,550 2,061.2 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Total cash and cash equivalents decreased by 1.1 billion, or 86.2 , to 169.5 million at December 31, 2022 from 1.2 billion at December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to an increase in gross loans of 1.3 billion, a decrease in total customer deposits of 654.0 million, net of purchases of brokered certificates of deposit, and share repurchases of 201.6 million. These items were partially offset by net cash inflows related to increased borrowed funds of 706.6 million and net cash inflows related to AFS and HTM securities of 263.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. For further discussion of the change in deposits, refer to the later Deposits section in this Item 7. For further discussion of the change in loans, refer to the later Loans section in this Item 7. For more information regarding our share repurchase programs, refer to Note 15, Shareholders Equity within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For further discussion of the change in securities, refer to the later Securities section in this Item 7. For further discussion of the change in borrowed funds, refer to the later Borrowed Funds section in this Item 7. 
 Securities 
 Our current investment policy authorizes us to invest in various types of investment securities and liquid assets, including U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of government-sponsored enterprises, mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, corporate notes, asset-backed securities and municipal securities. The Risk Management Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for approving and overseeing our investment policy, which it reviews at least annually. This policy dictates that investment decisions be made based on the safety of the investment, liquidity requirements, potential returns and market risk considerations. We do not engage in any investment hedging activities or trading activities, nor do we purchase any high-risk investment products. We typically invest in the following types of securities: 
 U.S. government securities: At December 31, 2022 our U.S. government securities consisted of U.S. Agency bonds and U.S. Treasury securities. At December 31, 2021, our U.S. government securities consisted of U.S. Agency bonds, U.S. Treasury securities and Small Business Administration pooled securities. We maintain these investments, to the extent appropriate, for liquidity purposes, at zero risk weighting for capital purposes, and as collateral for interest rate derivative positions. U.S. Agency bonds include securities issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, the FHLB, and the Federal Farm Credit Bureau. 
 Mortgage-backed securities: We invest in residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities insured or guaranteed by Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae or Fannie Mae, including collateralized mortgage obligations. We have not purchased any privately-issued mortgage-backed securities. We invest in mortgage-backed securities to achieve a positive interest rate spread with minimal administrative expense, and to lower our credit risk as a result of the guarantees provided by Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae or Fannie Mae. 
 Investments in residential mortgage-backed securities involve a risk that actual payments will be greater or less than the prepayment rate estimated at the time of purchase, which may require adjustments to the amortization of any premium or accretion of any discount relating to such interests, thereby affecting the net yield on our securities. We periodically review current prepayment speeds to determine whether prepayment estimates require modification that could cause amortization or 
 63 

accretion adjustments. There is also reinvestment risk associated with the cash flows from such securities. In addition, the market value of such securities may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. 
 State and municipal securities: We invest in fixed rate investment grade bonds issued primarily by municipalities in our local communities within Massachusetts and by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The market value of these securities may be affected by call options, long dated maturities, general market liquidity and credit factors. 
 The following table shows the fair value of our securities by investment category as of the dates indicated: 
 Securities Portfolio Composition 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Available for sale securities, at fair value: Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 4,111,908 5,524,708 Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities 1,348,954 1,408,868 U.S. Agency bonds 952,482 1,175,014 U.S. Treasury securities 93,057 88,605 State and municipal bonds and obligations 183,092 280,329 Small business administration pooled securities 32,103 Other debt securities 1,285 1,597 Total available for sale securities, at fair value 6,690,778 8,511,224 Held to maturity securities, at amortized cost: Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 276,493 Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities 200,154 Total held to maturity securities, at amortized cost 476,647 Total 7,167,425 8,511,224 
 Our securities portfolio has decreased 1.3 billion, or 15.8 , to 7.2 billion at December 31, 2022 from 8.5 billion at December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the fair value of AFS securities, sales of AFS securities, and maturities and principal paydowns of our AFS and held to maturity HTM securities. Partially offsetting this activity were AFS and HTM security purchases during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 At December 31, 2022, the unrealized loss on AFS securities was 1.1 billion compared to an unrealized loss of 0.1 billion at December 31, 2021, representing a 1.1 billion decrease in the fair value of such securities. The change from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 is primarily driven by rising market rates of interest. 
 AFS securities sales totaled 431.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. AFS and HTM security maturities and principal paydowns totaled 1.0 billion and 17.4 million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Partially offsetting the decrease in the securities portfolio from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 were purchases of AFS and HTM securities of 740.8 million and 493.7 million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We did not have trading investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 A portion of our securities portfolio continues to be tax-exempt. Investments in federally tax-exempt securities totaled 182.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 279.8 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Our AFS securities are carried at fair value and are categorized within the fair value hierarchy based on the observability of model inputs. Securities which require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no securities categorized as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 64 

Maturities of our securities portfolio are based on the final contractual payment dates, and do not reflect the effect of scheduled principal repayments, prepayments, or early redemptions that may occur. 
 The following tables show contractual maturities of our AFS and HTM securities and weighted average yields at and for the period ended December 31, 2022 and contractual maturities of our AFS securities and weighted average yields at and for the period ended December 31, 2021. Weighted average yields in the tables below have been calculated based on the amortized cost of the security: 
 Securities Portfolio, Weighted-Average Yield 
 Securities Maturing as of December 31, 2022 (1) Within One Year After One Year But Within Five Years After Five Years But Within Ten Years After Ten Years Total Available for sale securities: Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 2.27 1.00 1.53 1.45 Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities 1.29 1.51 1.94 1.68 U.S. Agency bonds 0.79 0.97 0.82 U.S. Treasury securities 1.97 1.97 State and municipal bonds and obligations 1.22 2.26 3.17 4.05 3.66 Other debt securities 0.84 0.84 Total available for sale securities 0.89 1.02 1.25 1.66 1.47 Held to maturity securities: Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 2.86 2.86 Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities 2.23 2.23 Total held to maturity securities 2.23 2.86 2.59 Total 0.89 1.02 1.36 1.72 1.54 
 Securities Maturing as of December 31, 2021 (1) Within One Year After One Year But Within Five Years After Five Years But Within Ten Years After Ten Years Total Available for sale securities: Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 2.64 1.01 1.44 1.38 Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities 1.14 1.20 1.95 1.67 U.S. Agency bonds 1.11 0.73 1.00 0.88 U.S. Treasury securities 0.15 0.78 0.50 State and municipal bonds and obligations (2) (1.24) 2.46 3.17 4.04 3.48 Small business administration pooled securities 1.72 1.93 1.90 Other debt securities 1.01 0.84 0.87 Total 0.10 0.95 1.12 1.60 1.42 
 (1) Investment security weighted-average yields were calculated on a level-yield basis by weighting the tax equivalent yield for each security type by the book value of each maturity. 
 (2) The negative yield indicated in the Within One Year category is the result of premium amortization that is in excess of earned income. 
 The yield on tax-exempt obligations of states and political subdivisions has been adjusted to a FTE basis by adjusting tax-exempt income upward by an amount equivalent to the prevailing federal income taxes that would have been paid if the income had been fully taxable. 
 65 

Loans 
 The following table shows the composition of our loan portfolio, by category, as of the dates indicated and net PPP loan activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 As of December 31, Change (excluding net PPP loan activity) 2022 2021 Change ) PPP Loan Activity, net Change ) Percentage ) (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and industrial 3,150,946 2,960,527 190,419 (109,213) 299,632 10.1 Commercial real estate 5,155,323 4,522,513 632,810 632,810 14.0 Commercial construction 336,276 222,328 113,948 113,948 51.3 Business banking 1,090,492 1,334,694 (244,202) (212,331) (31,871) (2.4) Residential real estate 2,460,849 1,926,810 534,039 534,039 27.7 Consumer home equity 1,187,547 1,100,153 87,394 87,394 7.9 Other consumer 194,098 214,485 (20,387) (20,387) (9.5) Total gross loans (1) 13,575,531 12,281,510 1,294,021 (321,544) 1,615,565 13.2 
 (1) Amounts presented exclude unamortized premiums, unearned discounts and deferred fees and costs. 
 We consider our loan portfolio to be relatively diversified by borrower and industry. Our loans increased 1.3 billion, or 10.5 , to 13.6 billion at December 31, 2022 from 12.3 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase as of December 31, 2022 was primarily due to increases in our commercial real estate, residential real estate, and commercial and industrial portfolio balances, partially offset by a decrease in our business banking portfolio, as further noted below: 
 Our commercial real estate portfolio increased by 632.8 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 which was primarily attributable to an increase of 622.0 million in commercial real estate investment loan balances. Such loans represent loans secured by commercial real estate that are non-owner-occupied. The increase in such loan balances was primarily due to management s active focus on originating loans collateralized by industrial/warehouse and multi-family property types, which are included in the commercial real estate investment loan category, due to management s stable outlook as it relates to the credit performance of such loans. 
 Our residential real estate portfolio increased by 534.0 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily due to the purchase of 380.2 million residential real estate loans from a third party during the year ended December 31, 2022. Also contributing to the overall increase in the balance of our residential real estate loans was a reduction in the volume of loan sales, which was precipitated by rising market rates of interest, and led to us retaining more of our residential real estate mortgage loan originations. 
 Our commercial and industrial portfolio, excluding PPP loan balances, increased by 299.6 million, which was primarily attributable to an increase of 291.7 million in commercial and industrial participation loans during the year ended December 31, 2022. The majority of the increase in participation loans was in our SNC portfolio, which increased 205.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in such loan balances was primarily due to management s active focus in increasing our exposures related to such arrangements due to strong historical credit performance and management s stable outlook as it relates to the future credit performance of such loans. Partially offsetting this increase was a 109.2 million decrease in commercial and industrial PPP loan balances during the year ended December 31, 2022 as such loans were paid off or forgiven by the SBA resulting in a net portfolio increase of 190.4 million. 
 Our business banking portfolio decreased by 244.2 million primarily as a result of a 212.4 million decrease in business banking PPP loan balances during the year ended December 31, 2022 as such loans were paid off or forgiven by the SBA. 
 We believe that our commercial loan portfolio composition is relatively diversified in terms of industry sectors, property types and various lending specialties. As of December 31, 2022, the amortized cost balances of concentrations in our commercial loan portfolios were as follows: 
 66 

Commercial and Industrial Balance Percentage ) (Dollars in thousands) Educational services 773,680 24.7 Professional, scientific, and technical services 324,681 10.4 Finance and insurance 303,024 9.7 Wholesale trade 278,944 8.9 Accomodation 199,353 6.4 Healthcare 197,684 6.3 Transportation 185,925 5.9 Manufacturing 176,993 5.7 Admin support 159,967 5.1 Real estate 113,947 3.6 Other industries 418,330 13.3 Total portfolio 3,132,528 100.0 
 Commercial Real Estate Balance Percentage ) (Dollars in thousands) Multi-family 1,212,944 23.5 Industrial/warehouse 546,660 10.6 Retail 509,651 9.9 Office 441,910 8.6 Mixed use - retail/office 428,650 8.3 Mixed use - retail/multi-family 357,127 6.9 School 351,581 6.8 Affordable housing 319,681 6.2 Self storage 186,253 3.6 Other property types 796,906 15.6 Total portfolio 5,151,363 100.0 
 Commercial Construction Balance Percentage ) (Dollars in thousands) Affordable housing 85,802 25.7 Multi-family 82,875 24.8 Industrial/warehouse 54,772 16.4 Mixed use - retail/multi-family 26,150 7.8 For sale housing 20,646 6.2 Assisted living 14,767 4.4 Office 10,255 3.1 Retail 9,082 2.7 1-4 family 7,575 2.3 Service station 6,375 1.9 Other property types 15,960 4.7 Total portfolio 334,259 100.0 
 We believe that the loan to value ratio LTV is an important factor in monitoring the risk characteristics of our loans secured by real estate. The following tables show the distribution of loan balances, on an amortized cost basis, by LTV 
 67 

and year of origination for each of our portfolios of loans, including those acquired from Century, secured by real estate as of December 31, 2022: 
 Balance of Commercial Real Estate Loans Originated During the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 and Prior Total Current LTV (1) (Dollars in thousands) Not available (2) 26,231 34,682 3,594 33,701 16,111 83,179 197,498 50.00 or lower 528,843 208,311 259,368 166,600 162,811 517,976 1,843,909 50.01 - 69.99 646,235 417,407 226,378 349,793 283,041 372,933 2,295,787 70.00 - 79.99 230,141 162,053 89,088 58,293 39,787 41,458 620,820 80.00 - 89.99 (3) 52,027 13,068 2,426 1,424 1,157 70,102 90.00 or higher 61,449 6,370 14,327 41,101 123,247 Total 1,544,926 841,891 592,755 610,813 503,174 1,057,804 5,151,363 Average LTV 58.74 57.08 51.72 52.68 53.91 45.03 53.79 
 Balance of Residential Real Estate Loans Originated During the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 and Prior Total Current LTV (1) (Dollars in thousands) Not available (2) 2,926 118 893 13,638 17,575 50.00 or lower 65,099 172,890 81,685 26,678 21,196 159,541 527,089 50.01 - 69.99 110,503 259,847 148,747 30,546 21,890 164,443 735,976 70.00 - 79.99 271,503 169,608 100,406 29,310 13,531 75,190 659,548 80.00 - 89.99 233,927 59,104 33,932 9,832 12,917 37,755 387,467 90.00 or higher 82,136 40,862 17,988 7,381 1,134 2,899 152,400 Total 766,094 702,429 383,651 103,747 70,668 453,466 2,480,055 Average LTV 76.11 62.43 63.02 63.03 60.32 55.58 65.46 
 Balance of Consumer Home Equity Loans Originated During the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 and Prior Total Current LTV (1) (Dollars in thousands) Not available (2) 275,299 208,698 25,507 37,073 30,187 211,075 787,839 50.00 or lower 4,395 569 29,419 24,721 26,031 34,509 119,644 50.01 - 69.99 6,905 797 35,253 23,826 20,586 37,167 124,534 70.00 - 79.99 5,133 587 14,580 27,194 20,771 36,918 105,183 80.00 - 89.99 2,909 762 6,204 12,594 8,490 22,628 53,587 90.00 or higher 520 520 Total 294,641 211,413 110,963 125,408 106,065 342,817 1,191,307 Average LTV 61.32 63.28 55.56 60.65 57.99 61.96 59.55 
 (1) Current LTV is calculated based upon exposure amount and the most recently available appraisal value as of the reporting period. 
 (2) Insufficient data available to calculate LTV. 
 (3) We generally require an LTV of 80 or less on new CRE loan originations. Certain CRE loans with LTVs greater than 80 may have additional collateral pledged which is not included in the computation of the amounts stated. 
 68 

The maturity distribution of our loan portfolio is one factor used by management to evaluate the risk characteristics of our loan portfolio. The following table shows the maturity distribution of our loans, on a gross basis, as of December 31, 2022: 
 Scheduled Contractual Loan Maturity 
 One Year or Less (1) One to Five Years Five to Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total (In thousands) Commercial and industrial 324,458 1,195,402 672,359 958,727 3,150,946 Commercial real estate 227,408 1,299,723 3,215,683 412,509 5,155,323 Commercial construction 44,985 161,635 119,570 10,086 336,276 Business banking 124,912 268,262 659,813 37,505 1,090,492 Residential real estate 671 12,731 295,898 2,151,549 2,460,849 Consumer home equity 1,657 17,943 216,407 951,540 1,187,547 Other consumer 26,987 83,395 79,606 4,110 194,098 Total loans 751,078 3,039,091 5,259,336 4,526,026 13,575,531 
 (1) Includes demand loans, or loans without a stated maturity. 
 The interest rate risk of our loan portfolio is an important element in the management of net interest margin. We attempt to manage the relationship between the interest rate sensitivity of our assets and liabilities to produce an effective interest differential that is not significantly impacted by changes in the level of interest rates. The following table shows the interest rate risk of our loans, on a gross basis, due one year after December 31, 2022: 
 Loan Interest Rate Risk 
 Due after December 31, 2023 Fixed Adjustable Total (In thousands) Commercial and industrial 830,924 1,995,564 2,826,488 Commercial real estate 2,188,212 2,739,703 4,927,915 Commercial construction 220,927 70,364 291,291 Business banking 263,466 702,114 965,580 Residential real estate 2,000,810 459,368 2,460,178 Consumer home equity 202,215 983,675 1,185,890 Other consumer 164,260 2,851 167,111 Total loans 5,870,814 6,953,639 12,824,453 
 Asset quality. We continually monitor the asset quality of our loan portfolio utilizing portfolio scorecards and various credit quality indicators. Based on this process, loans meeting certain criteria are categorized as delinquent or non-performing and further assessed to determine if non-accrual status is appropriate. 
 For the commercial portfolio, which includes our commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, commercial construction and business banking loans, we monitor credit quality using a risk rating scale, which assigns a risk-grade to each borrower based on a number of quantitative and qualitative factors associated with a commercial loan transaction. Management utilizes a loan risk rating methodology based on a 15-point scale with the assistance of risk rating scorecard tools. Pass grades are 0-10 and non-pass categories, which align with regulatory guidelines, are: special mention (11), substandard (12), doubtful (13) and loss (14). 
 Risk rating assignment is determined using one of 15 separate scorecards developed for distinctive portfolio segments based on common attributes. Key factors include: industry and market conditions, position within the industry, earnings trends, operating cash flow, asset/liability values, debt capacity, guarantor strength, management and controls, financial reporting, collateral and other considerations. 
 Special mention, substandard and doubtful loans totaled 2.2 and 5.8 of total commercial loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This decrease was driven by risk rating upgrades in the construction and commercial and industrial portfolios. 
 69 

Our philosophy toward managing our loan portfolios is predicated upon careful monitoring, which stresses early detection and response to delinquent and default situations. We seek to make arrangements to resolve any delinquent or default situation over the shortest possible time frame. 
 For the retail portfolio, which includes residential real estate, consumer home equity, and other consumer portfolios, we monitor credit quality using the borrower s FICO score. As of December 31, 2022, 72.3 of retail borrowers, based on loan balance, have a FICO score of 740 or greater. The following table shows the balances by borrowers' current FICO scores as of the dates indicated: 
 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Residential Real Estate Consumer Home Equity Other Consumer Residential Real Estate Consumer Home Equity Other Consumer Current FICO (1) 
 (Dollars in thousands) (Dollars in thousands) Not available (2) 5,195 15,284 27,400 3,954 1,122 27,448 640 or lower 54,268 37,538 4,406 49,112 39,446 7,680 641 699 
 193,215 114,751 13,026 184,740 106,621 18,078 700 739 
 381,018 200,397 21,139 307,162 173,617 27,739 740 or higher 1,846,359 823,337 111,807 1,381,842 779,347 133,539 Total 2,480,055 1,191,307 177,778 1,926,810 1,100,153 214,485 Average FICO 767.3 763.3 772.2 764.7 764.5 765.7 
 (1) Borrower FICO scores are updated on a semi-annual basis, and the most recent update occurred in August 2022. 
 (2) Insufficient data available to report. 
 The delinquency rate of our total loan portfolio decreased to 0.50 at December 31, 2022 from 0.65 at December 31, 2021. 
 The following table provides details regarding our delinquency rates as of the dates indicated: 
 Loan Delinquency Rates 
 Delinquency Rate as of December 31, (1) (2) 
 2022 2021 Commercial and industrial 0.12 0.06 Commercial real estate 0.60 Commercial construction Business banking 1.00 0.86 Residential real estate 1.46 1.38 Consumer home equity 1.33 0.90 Other consumer 0.63 1.23 Total 0.50 0.65 
 (1) In the calculation of the delinquency rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of loans outstanding includes 9.8 million and 331.4 million, respectively, of PPP loans. 
 (2) Delinquency rates as of December 31, 2022 were computed based upon amortized cost balances while delinquency rates as of December 31, 2021 were computed based upon recorded investment balances. The effect on the above delinquency rates of the difference in methodology is not significant. 
 As a general rule, loans more than 90 days past due with respect to principal or interest are classified as non-accrual loans. However, based on our assessment of collateral and/or payment prospects, certain loans that are more than 90 days past due may be kept on an accruing status. Income accruals are suspended on all non-accrual loans and all previously accrued and uncollected interest is reversed against current income. A loan is expected to remain on non-accrual status until it becomes current with respect to principal and interest, the loan is liquidated, or the loan is determined to be uncollectible and is charged-off against the allowance for loan losses. 
 Non-performing assets NPAs are comprised of non-performing loans NPLs ), OREO and non-performing securities. NPLs consist of non-accrual loans and loans that are more than 90 days past due but still accruing interest. OREO consists of real estate properties, which primarily serve as collateral to secure our loans, that we control due to foreclosure. These properties are recorded at the fair value less estimated costs to sell on the date we obtain control. Any write-downs to the 
 70 

cost of the related asset upon transfer to OREO to reflect the asset at fair value less estimated costs to sell is recorded through the allowance for loan losses. 
 NPLs increased 3.6 million, or 10 , to 38.6 million at December 31, 2022 from 35.0 million at December 31, 2021. NPLs as a percentage of total loans decreased to 0.28 at December 31, 2022 from 0.29 at December 31, 2021. Refer to the later Allowance for Credit Losses section in this Item 7 for a discussion of the change in non-accrual loans which comprise our NPLs as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, NPLs included loans that were past due 90 days or more and still accruing which were comprised solely of purchased credit impaired PCI loans. PCI loans were not subject to classification as non-accrual in the same manner as originated loans as their interest income related to the accretable yield recognized and not to contractual interest payments at the loan level. In connection with our adoption of ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2022, all PCI loans are now considered purchased credit deteriorated PCD loans. Interest income recognition for PCD loans is consistent with originated loans and, therefore, PCD loans cease accruing interest at 90 days past due unless management believes that the applicable collateral held by the Company is clearly sufficient and in full satisfaction of both principal and interest. There were no PCD or originated loans at December 31, 2022 that were past due 90 days or more and still accruing. 
 The total amount of interest recorded on NPLs was not significant for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The gross interest income that would have been recorded under the original terms of those loans if they had been performing amounted to 3.9 million and 3.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In the course of resolving NPLs, we may choose to restructure the contractual terms of certain loans. We attempt to work-out alternative payment schedules with the borrowers in order to avoid foreclosure actions. We review each loan that is modified to identify whether a TDR has occurred. TDRs involve situations in which, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties, we grant a concession to the borrower that we would not otherwise consider. As noted within Note 5, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, loan modifications made in response to the COVID-19 pandemic that met the criteria of either Section 4013 of the CARES Act or the Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus (Revised) are not deemed TDRs. This election afforded by the CARES Act and Interagency guidance expired on January 1, 2022. 
 In cases where a borrower experiences financial difficulties and we make certain concessionary modifications to contractual terms, the loan is classified as a TDR. Loans modified during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 which were determined to be TDRs were 12.6 million (post modification balance) and 0.8 million (post modification balance), respectively. The Company executed 51 and 5 TDRs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As discussed further in the COVID-19 Modifications section below, we elected to apply the treatment of modifications to borrowers impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic afforded by the CARES Act and the Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus (Revised) which resulted in such loans not being deemed TDRs. This election, which expired on January 1, 2022, contributed to a significant decline in new TDRs during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Consequently, modifications designated as TDRs increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as we are no longer executing COVID-19 modifications. The overall increase in TDR loans modified during the aforementioned periods consisted of an increase of 8.2 million and 3.6 million in commercial and consumer loan TDR modifications, respectively. One loan totaling 1.0 million that was modified during the preceding 12 months subsequently defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2022. No loans were modified during the preceding 12 months which subsequently defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 It is our policy to have any restructured loans that are on non-accrual status prior to being modified remain on non-accrual status for approximately six months subsequent to being modified before we consider its return to accrual status. If the restructured loan is on accrual status prior to being modified, we review it to determine if the modified loan should remain on accrual status. 
 PCD loans are loans that we acquired that have shown evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and, therefore, it was deemed unlikely that all contractually required payments would be collected upon the acquisition date. We consider factors such as payment history, collateral values and accrual status when determining whether there was evidence of deterioration at the acquisition date. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of PCD loans was 56.6 million. As discussed further below, we adopted ASU 2016-13, commonly referred to as CECL, on January 1, 2022. Prior to such adoption, our acquired loans that exhibited evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination were designated as PCI loans. As of December 31, 2021, the carrying amount of PCI loans was 69.6 million. 
 COVID-19 Modifications. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented loan modification programs for our borrowers that allowed for either full payment deferrals (both interest and principal) or deferral of principal only. These modifications met the criteria of either Section 4013 of the CARES Act or the Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications 
 71 

and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus (Revised) and therefore are not deemed TDRs. We have deemed these modified loans COVID-19 modifications. 
 The Appropriations Act, which was enacted on December 27, 2020, extended certain expiring tax provisions related to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States and provided additional emergency relief to individuals and businesses. Included within the provisions of the Appropriations Act is the extension of Section 4013 of the CARES Act to January 1, 2022. As such, we applied CARES Act TDR relief to any qualifying loan modifications executed during the allowable time period. 
 The following table presents the balance of loans that received a COVID-19 modification and have not yet resumed repayment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and excludes loans acquired from Century: 
 Remaining COVID-19 Modifications 
 as of December 31, 2022 (1) 
 Remaining COVID-19 Modifications 
 as of December 31, 2021 (1) 
 Balance of Total Portfolio Balance of Total Portfolio (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and industrial 0.0 4,548 0.2 Commercial real estate 12,826 0.3 93,519 2.1 Commercial construction Business banking 0.0 649 0.1 Residential real estate 262 0.0 5,870 0.3 Consumer home equity 1,365 0.1 Other consumer 0.0 706 0.3 Total (2) 
 13,088 0.1 106,657 0.9 
 (1) Remaining COVID-19 modifications reflect only those loans which underwent a modification and have not yet resumed payment. We define a modified loan to have resumed payment if it is one month past the modification end date and not more than 30 days past due. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, remaining COVID-19 modifications included 12.8 million and 71.0 million, respectively, of loans to borrowers in the hotel industry. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of loans that received a COVID-19 modification and have become a non-performing loan after the respective deferral period was 4.4 million and 4.7 million, respectively. 
 Potential Problem Loans. In the normal course of business, we become aware of possible credit problems in which borrowers exhibit potential for the inability to comply with the contractual terms of their loans, but which currently do not yet meet the criteria for classification as NPLs. These loans were neither delinquent nor on non-accrual status. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our potential problem loans, or loans with potential weaknesses that were not included in the non-accrual loans or in the loans 90 days or more past due categories, totaled 187.0 million and 470.9 million, respectively. 
 Allowance for credit losses. Because we continued to qualify for emerging growth company EGC status under the Jumpstart Our Business JOBS Act until December 31, 2021, we were permitted to delay adoption of the CECL standard until the earlier of the date at which non-public business entities are required to adopt the standard and the date that we ceased to be an EGC. Included in the Appropriations Act was an extension of the adoption date to the earlier of January 1, 2022 or 60 days after the date on which the COVID-19 national emergency terminated. We elected this extension and, accordingly, adopted the CECL standard on January 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, we followed the incurred loss allowance GAAP accounting model. 
 For the purpose of estimating our allowance for loan losses, we segregate the loan portfolio into loan categories, for loans that share similar risk characteristics, that possess unique risk characteristics such as loan purpose, repayment source, and collateral that are considered when determining the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses for each category. Loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with other loans are evaluated individually. 
 While we use available information to recognize losses on loans, future additions or subtractions to/from the allowance for loan losses may be necessary based on changes in NPLs, changes in economic conditions, or other reasons. Additionally, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of our examination process, periodically assess the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses to assess whether the allowance for loan losses was determined in accordance with GAAP and applicable guidance. 
 72 

We perform an evaluation of our allowance for loan losses on a regular basis (at least quarterly), and establish the allowance for loan losses based upon an evaluation of our loan categories, as each possess unique risk characteristics that are considered when determining the appropriate level of allowance for loan losses, including: 
 known increases within each category; 
 certain higher risk classes of loans, or pledged collateral; 
 historical loan loss experience within each category; 
 results of any independent review and evaluation of the category s credit quality; 
 trends in volume, maturity and composition of each category; 
 volume and trends in delinquencies and non-accruals; 
 national and local economic conditions and downturns in specific local industries; 
 corporate goals and objectives; 
 lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collection, charge-off and recovery practices; and 
 current and forecasted banking industry conditions, as well as the regulatory and competitive environment. 
 Loans are evaluated on a regular basis by management. Expected lifetime losses are estimated on a collective basis for loans sharing similar risk characteristics and are determined using a quantitative model combined with an assessment of certain qualitative factors designed to address forecast risk and model risk inherent in the quantitative model output. For commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, commercial construction and business banking portfolios, the quantitative model uses a loan rating system which is comprised of management s determination of probability of default, or PD, loss given default, or LGD and exposure at default, or EAD, which are derived from historical loss experience and other factors. For residential real estate, consumer home equity and other consumer portfolios, our quantitative model uses historical loss experience. 
 The allowance for loan losses is allocated to loan categories using both a formula-based approach and an analysis of certain individual loans for impairment. We use a methodology to systematically estimate the amount of expected credit loss in the loan portfolio. Under our current methodology, the allowance for loan losses contains reserves related to loans for which the related allowance for loan losses is determined on individual loan basis and on a collective basis, and other qualitative components. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Such financial instruments are recorded in the financial statements when they become payable. The credit risk associated with these commitments is evaluated in a manner similar to the reserving method for loans receivable previously described. The reserve for unfunded lending commitments is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The allowance for loan losses increased by 44.4 million, or 45.4 , to 142.2 million, or 1.05 of total loans, at December 31, 2022 from 97.8 million, or 0.80 of total loans at December 31, 2021. The increase in the allowance for loan losses was primarily a result of our adoption of CECL, as previously described above, and increased loan balances, as previously described above. The additional reserves required as a result of our adoption of CECL were primarily attributable to the loans we acquired in connection with our acquisition of Century which were recorded at fair value at the time of acquisition. Under ASU 2016-13, the credit mark that is a component of the day-one fair value adjustment on acquired loans cannot be considered in the allowance computation, whereas under the incurred loss model, the credit mark could be considered for reserve determination purposes. In connection with our adoption of this standard, we recorded an increase to the allowance for loan losses of 27.1 million which represented the one-time cumulative-effect adjustment. 
 For additional discussion of our allowance for credit losses measurement methodology, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5, Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For additional discussion of the change in allowance for loan losses, refer to the later Provision for Loan Losses , included in the Results of Operations section within this Item 7. For discussion of our previous methodology for estimating the allowance for loan losses, refer to Note 6, Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in Part II, Item 8 of the 2021 Form 10-K. 
 73 

The following table summarizes credit ratios for the periods presented: 
 Credit Ratios 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands) Net loan charge-offs (recoveries): Commercial and industrial (1,053) 623 992 (2,625) 893 Commercial real estate (91) 243 (206) (12) (83) Commercial construction Business banking 223 3,567 4,855 5,370 5,970 Residential real estate (94) (87) (125) (39) (125) Consumer home equity (23) (161) 421 153 225 Other consumer 1,625 1,373 2,129 1,811 1,676 Total net loan charge-offs (recoveries) 587 5,558 8,066 4,658 8,556 Average loans: Commercial and industrial 2,944,064 2,015,665 2,053,093 1,419,875 1,185,224 Commercial real estate 4,886,951 3,960,818 3,654,887 3,667,147 3,402,560 Commercial construction 294,805 191,771 226,286 263,736 327,781 Business banking 1,021,720 1,241,770 1,079,779 738,652 738,122 Residential real estate 2,063,193 1,508,796 1,398,337 1,438,775 1,357,116 Consumer home equity 1,129,757 869,110 902,634 948,089 934,681 Other consumer 197,659 233,932 334,257 471,602 619,406 Average total loans (1) 12,538,149 10,021,862 9,649,273 8,947,876 8,564,890 Total net charge-offs (recoveries) to average total loans outstanding during the period Commercial and industrial (0.04) 0.03 0.05 (0.18) 0.08 Commercial real estate 0.00 0.01 (0.01) 0.00 0.00 Commercial construction Business banking 0.02 0.29 0.45 0.73 0.81 Residential real estate 0.00 (0.01) (0.01) 0.00 (0.01) Consumer home equity 0.00 (0.02) 0.05 0.02 0.02 Other consumer 0.82 0.59 0.64 0.38 0.27 Total net charge-offs (recoveries) to average total loans outstanding during the period 0.00 0.06 0.08 0.05 0.10 Total loans 13,575,531 12,281,510 9,730,525 8,987,046 8,856,003 Total non-accrual loans 38,604 32,993 41,005 42,451 26,172 Allowance for loan losses 142,211 97,787 113,031 82,297 80,655 Allowance for loan losses as a percent of total loans 1.05 0.80 1.16 0.92 0.91 Non-accrual loans as a percent of total loans 0.28 0.27 0.42 0.47 0.30 Allowance for loan losses as a percent of non-accrual loans 368.38 296.39 275.65 193.86 308.17 
 (1) Average loan balances exclude loans held for sale. 
 Non-accrual loans increased 5.6 million, or 17 , to 38.6 million at December 31, 2022 from 33.0 million at December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in non-accrual loans in our residential real estate and consumer home equity portfolios of 3.1 million and 2.3 million, respectively. Non-accrual residential real estate and consumer home equity loans increased primarily due to several loans moving to non-accrual status which had been acquired in connection with our acquisition of Century. 
 74 

The following tables sets forth the allocation of the allowance for loan losses by loan categories listed in loan portfolio composition and the related loan balances as a percentage of total loans as of the dates indicated: 
 Summary of Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Allowance for Loan Losses Percent of Allowance in Category to Total Allocated Allowance Percent of Loans in Category to Total Loans Allowance for Loan Losses Percent of Allowance in Category to Total Allocated Allowance Percent of Loans in Category to Total Loans (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and industrial (1) 
 26,859 18.89 23.21 18,018 18.43 24.10 Commercial real estate 54,730 38.49 37.97 52,373 53.56 36.82 Commercial construction 7,085 4.98 2.48 2,585 2.64 1.81 Business banking (1) 
 16,189 11.38 8.03 10,983 11.23 10.87 Residential real estate 28,129 19.78 18.13 6,556 6.70 15.69 Consumer home equity 6,454 4.54 8.75 3,722 3.81 8.96 Other consumer 2,765 1.94 1.43 3,308 3.38 1.75 Other 242 0.25 Total 142,211 100.00 100.00 97,787 100.00 100.00 
 As of December 31, 2020 2019 2018 Allowance for Loan Losses Percent of Allowance in Category to Total Allocated Allowance Percent of Loans in Category to Total Loans Allowance for Loan Losses Percent of Allowance in Category to Total Allocated Allowance Percent of Loans in Category to Total Loans Allowance for Loan Losses Percent of Allowance in Category to Total Allocated Allowance Percent of Loans in Category to Total Loans (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and industrial (1) 26,617 23.54 20.51 20,919 25.42 18.27 19,321 23.96 18.73 Commercial real estate 54,569 48.28 36.73 34,730 42.20 39.34 32,400 40.17 36.26 Commercial construction 4,553 4.03 3.14 3,424 4.16 3.05 4,606 5.71 3.53 Business banking (1) 13,152 11.64 13.76 8,260 10.04 8.58 8,167 10.13 8.37 Residential real estate 6,435 5.69 14.09 6,380 7.75 15.90 7,059 8.75 16.16 Consumer home equity 3,744 3.31 8.92 4,027 4.89 10.38 4,113 5.10 10.72 Other consumer 3,467 3.07 2.85 4,173 5.07 4.48 4,600 5.70 6.23 Other 494 0.44 384 0.47 389 0.48 Total 113,031 100.00 100.00 82,297 100.00 100.00 80,655 100.00 100.00 
 (1) PPP loans are included within these portfolios as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020; however, as of each such date, no allowance for loan losses was recorded on these loans due to the SBA guarantee of 100 of the loans. 
 To determine if a loan should be charged-off, all possible sources of repayment are analyzed. Possible sources of repayment include the potential for future cash flows, liquidation of the collateral and the strength of co-makers or guarantors. When available information confirms that specific loans or portions thereof are uncollectible, these amounts are promptly charged-off against the allowance for loan losses and any recoveries of such previously charged-off amounts are credited to the allowance for loan losses. 
 Regardless of whether a loan is unsecured or collateralized, we charge off the amount of any confirmed loan loss in the period when the loans, or portions of loans, are deemed uncollectible. For troubled, collateral-dependent loans, loss confirming events may include an appraisal or other valuation that reflects a shortfall between the value of the collateral and the carrying value of the loan or receivable, or a deficiency balance following the sale of the collateral. 
 75 

For additional information regarding our allowance for loan losses, see Note 5, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 The FHLBB is a cooperative that provides services to its member banking institutions. The primary reason for our membership in the FHLBB is to gain access to a reliable source of wholesale funding and as a tool to manage interest rate risk. The purchase of stock in the FHLB is a requirement for a member to gain access to funding. We purchase and/or are subject to redemption of FHLBB stock proportional to the volume of funding received and view the holdings as a necessary long-term investment for the purpose of balance sheet liquidity and not for investment return. 
 We held an investment in the FHLBB of 41.4 million and 10.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of stock we are required to purchase is in proportional to our FHLB borrowings and level of total assets. Accordingly, the increase in the FHLB stock is due to increased borrowing. 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets were 661.1 million and 649.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in goodwill and other intangibles assets was due to the purchase of two insurance agencies during the year ended December 31, 2022. The aggregate amount of goodwill that was added as a result of these acquisitions was 8.7 million. For more information regarding our insurance agency acquisitions, refer to Note 3, Mergers and Acquisitions and Note 9, Goodwill and Other Intangibles within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We did not record any impairment to our goodwill or other intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We will continue to assess our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine if impairments are necessary. 
 Deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities 
 Deposits originating within the markets we serve continue to be our primary source of funding our earning assets. We have been able to compete effectively for deposits in our primary market areas. The distribution and market share of deposits by type of deposit and by type of depositor are important considerations in our assessment of the stability of our fund sources and our access to additional funds. Furthermore, we shift the mix and maturity of the deposits depending on economic conditions and loan and investment policies in an attempt, within set policies, to minimize cost and maximize net interest margin. In addition, we may occasionally raise funds through the use of brokered deposits. 
 The following table presents our deposits as of the dates presented: 
 Components of Deposits 
 As of December 31, Change Change 2022 2021 Amount ) Amount ) (Dollars in thousands) Demand 6,240,637 7,020,864 (780,227) (11.1) Interest checking 4,568,122 4,478,566 89,556 2.0 Savings 1,831,123 2,077,495 (246,372) (11.9) Money market investments 4,710,095 5,525,005 (814,910) (14.7) Certificates of deposit (2) 1,624,382 526,381 1,098,001 208.6 Total deposits 18,974,359 19,628,311 (653,952) (3.3) 
 (1) The Bank s estimate of total uninsured deposits was 9.0 billion and 11.0 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Brokered deposits are included in certificates of deposits and amounted to 928.6 million at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, we had purchased no brokered certificates of deposit. 
 76 

Deposits decreased by 0.7 billion, or 3.3 , to 19.0 billion at December 31, 2022 from 19.6 billion at December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily the result of a decrease in money market investments of 0.8 billion, a decrease in demand deposits of 0.8 billion, and a decrease in savings deposits of 0.2 billion. These decreases were partially offset by an increase of 1.1 billion in certificates of deposit. The overall decrease is primarily due to a runoff of higher cost deposits acquired in connection with our acquisition of Century, the runoff of government stimulus funds which had been deposited by our customers, higher market rates resulting in greater industry-wide competition for deposits, and a transfer of deposits during the second quarter of 2022. On January 14, 2022, we announced we had entered into an asset purchase agreement for the transfer of our cannabis-related and money service business deposits relationships, which we acquired from Century, to Needham Bank. On April 1, 2022, we completed the transfer of such deposits, which was subject to a post-transfer settlement period of 60 days. The total amount transferred, which includes amounts transferred during the post-transfer settlement period, was 278.0 million. Partially offsetting these decreases was an increase of 1.1 billion in certificates of deposit which was primarily attributable to the purchase of 928.6 million of brokered certificates of deposit during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The following table presents the classification of deposits on an average basis for the years indicated: 
 Classification of Deposits on an Average Basis 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Amount Average Rate Average Amount Average Rate Average Amount Average Rate (Dollars in thousands) Demand 6,647,518 5,547,615 4,535,066 Interest checking 4,890,709 0.24 2,866,091 0.07 2,227,185 0.09 Savings 2,015,651 0.01 1,483,271 0.02 1,123,584 0.02 Money market investments 5,057,445 0.27 3,870,712 0.06 3,212,752 0.23 Certificates of deposit 463,261 0.70 280,141 0.21 300,381 0.52 Total deposits 19,074,584 0.15 14,047,830 0.04 11,398,968 0.10 
 Other time deposits in excess of the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000, including certificates of deposits as of the dates indicated had maturities as follows: 
 Maturities of Time Certificates of Deposit 250,000 and Over 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Maturing in (In thousands) Three months or less 39,322 113,019 Over three months through six months 45,053 53,899 Over six months through twelve months 149,107 33,295 Over twelve months 5,569 23,827 Total 239,051 224,040 
 Borrowings 
 Our borrowings may consist of both short-term and long-term borrowings and provide us with sources of funding. Maintaining available borrowing capacity provides us with a contingent source of liquidity. 
 Our total borrowings increased by 706.6 million to 740.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 34.3 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in FHLB advances, which we borrowed primarily to fund loan originations. The increase was also due, in part, to an increase in interest rate swap collateral funds, which represents collateral posted to us by our financial institution counterparties for over-the-counter interest rate swaps. At December 31, 2021, our financial institution counterparties were not required to post collateral to us due to the low level of market interest rates. Conversely, at December 31, 2022, following increases in market interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022, our financial institution counterparties were required to post collateral to us of 14.4 million. 
 77 

The following table sets forth information concerning balances on our borrowings as of the dates indicated: 
 Borrowings by Category 
 As of December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount ) (In thousands) Federal Home Loan Bank short-term advances 691,297 17 691,280 Escrow deposits of borrowers 22,314 20,258 2,056 Interest rate swap collateral funds 14,430 14,430 Federal Home Loan Bank long-term advances 12,787 14,003 (1,216) Total 740,828 34,278 706,550 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Summary of Results of Operations 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount ) Percentage ) (Dollars in thousands) Interest and dividend income 605,181 435,159 170,022 39.1 Interest expense 37,127 5,332 31,795 596.3 Net interest income 568,054 429,827 138,227 32.2 Provision for (release of) allowance for loan losses 17,925 (9,686) 27,611 (285.1) Noninterest income 176,161 193,155 (16,994) (8.8) Noninterest expense 469,602 443,956 25,646 5.8 Income tax expense 56,929 34,047 22,882 67.2 Net income 199,759 154,665 45,094 29.2 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Interest and Dividend Income 
 Interest and dividend income increased by 170.0 million, or 39.1 , to 605.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 435.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily a result of our acquisition of Century on November 12, 2021, which added approximately 6.6 billion in interest-earning assets. Overall, the average balance of our interest-earning assets increased 4.9 billion, or 29.6 , to 21.6 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 16.7 billion as of December 31, 2021, reflecting the addition of Century assets. Also contributing to the increase in interest and dividend income was an increase in the yield on average interest-earning assets which increased by 22 basis points to 2.86 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Our yields on loans and securities are generally presented on an FTE basis where the embedded tax benefit on loans or securities are calculated and added to the yield. Management believes that this presentation allows for better comparability between institutions with different tax structures. 
 Interest income on securities and other short-term investments increased 61.6 million, or 91.1 , to 129.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 67.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest income on securities was primarily due to an increase in the average balance and yield of such securities. The average balance of our securities increased 2.4 billion, or 36.3 , to 9.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 6.7 billion as of December 31, 2021, which was primarily due to securities acquired in connection with our acquisition of Century of 3.1 billion partially offset by a net reduction in the balance of securities as a result of security sales, maturities and principal paydowns in excess of security purchases during the year ended December 31, 2022. The yield on our securities increased 40 basis points during the year ended December 31, 2022 in comparison to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is due primarily to HTM securities purchased at higher interest rates as well as an increase in yields on other short-term investments, the latter of which is due to increases in the rate received on reserve balances held at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, commensurate with increases in the federal funds rate. 
 Interest income on loans increased by 108.5 million, or 29.5 , to 476.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 367.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest 
 78 

income on our loans was primarily due to an increase in the average balance of loans and an increase in the yield on loans partially offset by a decrease in net accretion of PPP loan deferred fees and costs. The average balance of our loans increased 2.5 billion, or 25.1 , to 12.5 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 10.0 billion during the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily due to loans acquired in connection with our acquisition of Century of 2.9 billion. The FTE yield on average loans increased 17 basis points to 3.88 during the year ended December 31, 2022. The slight increase in loan yields was primarily due to increases in market rates of interest and was partially offset by a decrease in net accretion of PPP loan deferred fees and costs which decreased 25.3 million to 9.0 million during year ended December 31, 2022 from 34.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 31.8 million, or 596.3 , to 37.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was attributable to increases in both deposit interest expense and borrowings interest expense. 
 Interest expense on our interest-bearing deposits increased by 23.5 million, or 453.9 , to 28.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was due to an increase in rates paid on deposits and due to an increase in average interest-bearing deposits. Rates paid on interest-bearing deposits increased by 17 basis points to 0.23 during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 0.06 during the year ended December 31, 2021, which were increased in response to an increase in market rates of interest. Average interest-bearing deposits increased 3.9 billion, or 46.2 , to 12.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 8.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 which was primarily due to our acquisition of Century which added approximately 4.4 billion in interest-bearing deposits. 
 Interest expense on borrowed funds increased by 8.3 million to 8.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 which was primarily attributable to an increase in the average balance. Average borrowed funds increased by 230.1 million, or 868.6 , to 256.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 26.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to an increase in FHLB advances, which we borrowed to fund loan originations. 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income increased by 138.2 million, or 32.2 , to 568.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, from 429.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Net interest income increased due to an increase in yields on interest-earning assets which exceeded the increase in the costs of interest-bearing liabilities. Also contributing to the increase in net interest income was an increase in net interest-earning assets of 0.8 billion, or 9.6 , to 8.9 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 8.2 billion during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 79 

The following chart shows our net interest margin over the past five annual periods including and excluding net PPP loan fee accretion: 
 
 Net interest margin is determined by dividing FTE net interest income by average-earning assets. For purposes of the following discussion, income from tax-exempt loans and investment securities has been adjusted to an FTE basis, using a marginal tax rate of 21.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022, 21.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 21.8 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Net interest margin, including PPP loan interest income, increased 8 basis points to 2.69 during the year ended December 31, 2022, from 2.61 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to an increase in market rates of interest and was partially offset by a decline in PPP net fee accretion of 25.3 million in comparison to the year ended December 31, 2021. For additional discussion of the decline in the PPP loan net fee accretion and increased interest rates, refer to the earlier Outlook and Trends section within this Item 7. 
 The following tables set forth average balance sheet items, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the periods indicated. All average balances in the table reflect daily average balances. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation of average balances but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense. 
 80 

Average Balances, Interest Earned/Paid, Average Yields/Costs As of and for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Outstanding Balance Interest Average Yield /Cost Average Outstanding Balance Interest Average Yield /Cost Average Outstanding Balance Interest Average Yield /Cost (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans (1): Residential 2,064,609 63,803 3.09 1,510,703 47,143 3.12 1,400,907 49,767 3.55 Commercial 9,147,540 366,097 4.00 7,410,024 288,557 3.89 7,014,044 281,816 4.02 Consumer 1,327,417 56,965 4.29 1,103,042 36,019 3.27 1,236,893 43,729 3.54 Total loans 12,539,566 486,865 3.88 10,023,769 371,719 3.71 9,651,844 375,312 3.89 Non-taxable investment securities 253,651 9,091 3.58 260,399 9,335 3.58 265,511 9,899 3.73 Taxable investment securities 8,413,217 118,690 1.41 4,890,737 58,312 1.19 1,560,610 31,831 2.04 Other short-term investments 420,834 3,271 0.78 1,514,351 1,886 0.12 1,288,714 1,758 0.14 Total interest-earning assets 21,627,268 617,917 2.86 16,689,256 441,252 2.64 12,766,679 418,800 3.28 Non-interest-earning assets 986,865 1,173,830 1,097,064 Total assets 22,614,133 17,863,086 13,863,743 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits: Savings accounts 2,015,651 209 0.01 1,483,271 230 0.02 1,123,584 242 0.02 Interest checking accounts 4,890,709 11,675 0.24 2,866,091 1,997 0.07 2,227,185 2,033 0.09 Money market investments 5,057,445 13,479 0.27 3,870,712 2,342 0.06 3,212,752 7,492 0.23 Time accounts 463,261 3,258 0.70 280,141 598 0.21 300,381 1,548 0.52 Total interest-bearing deposits 12,427,066 28,621 0.23 8,500,215 5,167 0.06 6,863,902 11,315 0.16 Federal funds purchased (7) 964 24 2.49 45,204 570 1.26 Other borrowings 255,668 8,482 3.32 26,495 165 0.62 26,897 192 0.71 Total interest-bearing liabilities 12,683,698 37,127 0.29 8,526,710 5,332 0.06 6,936,003 12,077 0.17 Demand accounts 6,647,518 5,547,615 4,535,066 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 451,384 364,191 352,518 Total liabilities 19,782,600 14,438,516 11,823,587 Shareholders equity 2,831,533 3,424,570 2,040,156 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 22,614,133 17,863,086 13,863,743 Net interest income - FTE 580,790 435,920 406,723 Net interest rate spread (2) 2.57 2.58 3.11 Net interest-earning assets (3) 8,943,570 8,162,546 5,830,676 Net interest margin - FTE (4) 2.69 2.61 3.19 Average interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 170.51 195.73 184.06 Return on average assets (5) 0.88 0.87 0.16 Return on average equity (6) 7.05 4.52 1.11 Noninterest expenses to average assets 2.08 2.49 3.64 
 (1) Non-accrual loans are included in Loans. 
 (2) Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (3) Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (4) Net interest margin - FTE represents fully-taxable equivalent net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. Refer to the earlier Non-GAAP Financial Measures section within this Item 7 for additional information. 
 (5) Represents net income divided by average total assets. 
 (6) Represents net income divided by average equity. 
 81 

(7) Federal funds purchased and the related interest expense for the 2020 period primarily related to federal funds purchased for correspondent bank customers. 
 The following table presents, on a tax equivalent basis, the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income for the periods indicated. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total column represents the sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 
 Rate and Volume Analysis 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 vs. 2020 Increase (Decrease) Due to Total Increase (Decrease) Increase (Decrease) Due to Total Increase (Decrease) Rate Volume Rate Volume (In thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans Residential (462) 17,122 16,660 (6,339) 3,715 (2,624) Commercial 8,201 69,339 77,540 (8,852) 15,593 6,741 Consumer 12,715 8,231 20,946 (3,190) (4,520) (7,710) Total loans 20,454 94,692 115,146 (18,381) 14,788 (3,593) Non-taxable investment securities (2) (242) (244) (376) (188) (564) Taxable investment securities 12,245 48,133 60,378 (17,822) 44,303 26,481 Other short-term investments 3,611 (2,226) 1,385 (162) 290 128 Total interest-earning assets 36,308 140,357 176,665 (36,741) 59,193 22,452 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits: Savings accounts (89) 68 (21) (78) 66 (12) Interest checking accounts 7,496 2,182 9,678 (544) 508 (36) Money market investments 10,217 920 11,137 (6,438) 1,288 (5,150) Time accounts 2,070 590 2,660 (852) (98) (950) Total interest-bearing deposits 19,694 3,760 23,454 (7,912) 1,764 (6,148) Federal funds purchased 24 24 (570) (570) Other borrowings 2,773 5,544 8,317 (24) (3) (27) Total interest-bearing liabilities 22,467 9,328 31,795 (7,936) 1,191 (6,745) Change in net interest income 13,841 131,029 144,870 (28,805) 58,002 29,197 
 The following chart shows the composition of our quarterly average interest-earning assets for the past five quarters: 
 82 

Provision for Loan Losses 
 The provision for loan losses represents the charge to expense that is required to maintain an appropriate level of allowance for loan losses. During the year ended December 31, 2021, management determined the allowance for loan losses in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies and ASC 310, Receivables (i.e., prior to our adoption of ASU 2016-13). 
 We recorded a provision for loan losses of 17.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a release of 9.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Management determined a provision to be necessary primarily due to increased loan balances. Also contributing to the provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 was an increase in the overall reserve rate. The reserve rate increased by 25 basis points to 1.05 at December 31, 2022 from 0.80 at December 31, 2021. We recorded a transition adjustment in connection with our adoption of ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2022 of 27.1 million which resulted in an increase in the reserve rate to 1.02 at that time based upon loan balances as of December 31, 2021. Subsequently, the reserve rate further increased by 3 basis points to 1.05 as of December 31, 2022 which was the result of changes in macroeconomic conditions. 
 To determine our allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 and the provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022, we used the Oxford Economics December 31, 2022 Baseline forecast the forecast to generate our modeled expected losses by loan portfolio in order to reflect management s reasonable expectations of current and future economic conditions. The forecast assumed the U.S. economy will enter a recession in the second quarter of 2023, reflecting the combination of persistently high inflation, aggressive Federal Reserve monetary policy tightening, slower global gross domestic product GDP activity, and weaker corporate earnings, all of which are expected to adversely impact consumers and businesses willingness to spend. Primary macroeconomic assumptions included in management s evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses included continued low, but rising, unemployment rates which are expected to continue to rise until their peak in early 2024, and a peak-to-trough decline in GDP of 1.2 . Further, the forecast assumed that the FOMC will continue to raise interest rates into early 2023 following its most recent December 2022 increase but then remain flat into early 2024. For additional discussion of our allowance for credit losses measurement methodology, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5, Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For discussion of our previous methodology for estimating the allowance for loan losses, refer to Note 6, Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 2021 Form 10-K ). 
 Our periodic evaluation of the appropriate allowance for loan losses considers the risk characteristics of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions, and trends in loan delinquencies and charge-offs. 
 83 

Noninterest Income 
 The following table sets forth information regarding noninterest income for the periods shown: 
 Noninterest Income 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount (Dollars in thousands) Insurance commissions 99,232 94,704 4,528 4.8 Service charges on deposit accounts 30,392 24,271 6,121 25.2 Trust and investment advisory fees 23,593 24,588 (995) (4.0) Debit card processing fees 12,644 12,118 526 4.3 Interest rate swap income 6,009 5,634 375 6.7 (Losses) income from investments held in rabbi trusts (10,762) 10,217 (20,979) (205.3) Gains on sales of mortgage loans held for sale, net 248 3,605 (3,357) (93.1) (Losses) gains on sales of securities available for sale, net (3,157) 1,166 (4,323) (370.8) Other 17,962 16,852 1,110 6.6 Total noninterest income 176,161 193,155 (16,994) (8.8) 
 Noninterest income decreased by 17.0 million, or 8.8 , to 176.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 193.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 21.0 million decrease in income from investments held in rabbi trusts which resulted from a current period net loss from such investments, a 4.3 million decrease in gains on sales of securities available for sale which resulted from a current period net loss from such sales compared to a net gain in the comparative prior period, and a 3.4 million decrease in net gains on sales of mortgage loans. These decreases were partially offset by a 6.1 million increase in service charges on deposit accounts and an 4.5 million increase in insurance commissions. 
 Income from investments held in rabbi trusts decreased to a net loss primarily as a result of an unfavorable mark-to-market adjustment on equity securities held in these accounts resulting from a decline in the market value of equity securities held in rabbi trusts. 
 Gains on sales of securities available for sale, net, decreased to a net loss due to the decision by management to sell certain available for sale securities during the year ended December 31, 2022, a portion of which were acquired in connection with our acquisition of Century and were in a net unrealized loss position at the time of sale. 
 Net gains resulting from the sale of mortgage loans held for sale decreased due to a reduction in the volume of our mortgage loan sales on the secondary market which was primarily due to rising market rates of interest. 
 Service charges on deposit accounts increased primarily as a result of increased corporate account analysis charges as a result of greater commercial deposit customer activity. The increased customer deposit activity is primarily attributable to our acquisition of Century. 
 Insurance commissions increased due to an increase in recurring commission income which was attributable to recent insurance agency acquisitions. Refer to Note 3, Mergers and Acquisitions within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion of such agency acquisitions. 
 84 

Noninterest Expense 
 The following table sets forth information regarding noninterest expense for the periods shown: 
 Noninterest Expense 
 For the Year Ended December 31, Change Century Merger Acquisition Expenses (1) Change Excluding Merger Acquisition Expenses (1) 2022 2021 Amount (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 298,186 295,916 2,270 0.8 15,947 18,217 Office occupancy and equipment 40,764 40,465 299 0.7 7,198 7,497 Data processing 57,273 50,839 6,434 12.7 1,286 7,720 Professional services 16,814 21,879 (5,065) (23.2) 9,223 4,158 Marketing 9,540 8,741 799 9.1 799 Loan expenses 6,384 9,114 (2,730) (30.0) (2,730) FDIC insurance 6,250 4,226 2,024 47.9 2,024 Amortization of intangible assets 3,864 2,512 1,352 53.8 1,352 Other 30,527 10,264 20,263 197.4 1,802 22,065 Total noninterest expense 469,602 443,956 25,646 5.8 35,456 61,102 
 (1) We recorded merger and acquisition expenses of 35.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to our acquisition of Century. These merger and acquisition expenses were deducted from the corresponding financial statement line items in the above table to compute the related change excluding such expenses for purposes of the below discussion. 
 Noninterest expense increased by 25.6 million, or 5.8 , to 469.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 444.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the following financial statement line items (changes excluding merger and acquisition expenses included in such financial statement line items): an 18.2 million increase in salaries and employee benefits, a 22.1 million increase in other noninterest expenses, a 7.7 million increase in data processing, and a 7.5 million increase in office occupancy and equipment. Partially offsetting these increases was a decrease in merger and acquisition expenses of 35.2 million to 0.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 35.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Salaries and employee benefits, excluding merger and acquisition expenses, increased primarily due to salaries and wages for newly hired employees and former employees of Century who were retained following the acquisition. In addition, share-based compensation, which is related to restricted stock awards RSAs granted in the fourth quarter of 2021 and second quarter of 2022 and awards of restricted stock units RSUs and performance stock units PSUs granted in the first quarter of 2022, increased 10.3 million. The increase is due to a full year of expense recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to RSAs granted in 2021 and a partial year of expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to RSAs, RSUs and PSUs granted in 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized expense related to RSAs for approximately one month as such awards were granted on November 30, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, we had not granted any awards of RSUs or PSUs. Lastly, our deferrals of loan origination-related costs decreased by 9.9 million, resulting in a corresponding increase in salaries and employee benefits expenses. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 10.7 million in benefit expense related to our defined contribution supplemental executive retirement plan DC SERP ). Participant benefits are adjusted based upon deemed investment performance. Accordingly, such investments experienced a decline in value during the year ended December 31, 2022 resulting in a corresponding decrease in the related benefit expense. 
 Other noninterest expenses, excluding merger and acquisition expenses, increased primarily due to a pension settlement-related expense recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 of 12.0 million related to the Defined Benefit Plan. For additional information regarding this charge, refer to Note 17, Employee Benefits within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Also contributing to the overall increase was an 2.2 million increase in liability insurance expense, which was primarily due to regular insurance rate premium increases and our acquisition of Century, which increased the number of our properties and, therefore, the scope of our required insurance coverage, a 1.9 million increase in customer bad check losses during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 
 85 

2021, consistent with a nationwide increase in mail-based check fraud, and a 1.5 million increase in our provision for off-balance sheet credit exposures which was primarily due to an increase in unfunded loan commitments. Partially offsetting these items was a decrease of 3.3 million in legal expenses associated with the settlement of two putative consumer class action litigation matters related to overdraft and non-sufficient funds fees. The accrual for such expenses was initially recorded during the second quarter of 2021 and final settlement of the legal matters occurred during the first quarter of 2022. For additional information, refer to Note 18, Commitments and Contingencies within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Data processing expenses, excluding merger and acquisition expenses, are primarily comprised of costs associated with the processing of customer transactions including loans and deposits and are partially impacted by fluctuations in related transaction volume. Such expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to our acquisition of Century in the fourth quarter of 2021 which resulted in the acquisition of additional loan and deposit customers. 
 Office occupancy and equipment, excluding merger and acquisition expenses, increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the addition of properties resulting from our acquisition of Century and which included a 2.1 million increase in depreciation expense, and lease impairment charges of 0.6 million, which were due to an early termination of a lease acquired from Century. 
 Merger and acquisition expenses decreased 35.2 million to 0.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 35.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. In connection with our acquisition of Century, which we completed on November 12, 2021, we incurred merger and acquisition costs of 35.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. For additional information on our acquisition of Century, see Note 3, Mergers and Acquisitions within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Income Taxes 
 We recognize the tax effect of all income and expense transactions in each year s consolidated statements of income, regardless of the year in which the transactions are reported for income tax purposes. The following table sets forth information regarding our tax provision and applicable tax rates for the periods indicated: 
 Tax Provision and Applicable Tax Rates 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Combined federal and state income tax provisions 56,929 34,047 Effective income tax rates 22.2 18.0 Blended statutory tax rate 28.1 28.1 
 Income tax expense increased by 22.9 million to 56.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 34.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in income tax expense was due primarily to higher pre-tax income during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 and an increase in our effective income tax rate. The increase in our effective income tax rate was due primarily to a partial release of 11.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to a valuation allowance established as of December 31, 2020 against our charitable contribution carryover deferred tax asset in connection with our 2020 charitable contribution to the Eastern Bank Foundation compared to a release of 0.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. For additional information related to our income taxes see Note 12, Income Taxes and Note 14, Low Income Housing Tax Credits and Other Tax Credit Investments within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 86 

Financial Position and Results of Operations of our Business Segments 
 As of and for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Banking Business Insurance Agency Business Other/ Eliminations Total Banking Business Insurance Agency Business Other/ Eliminations Total (Dollars in thousands) Net interest income 568,054 568,054 429,827 429,827 Provision for (release of) allowance for loan losses 17,925 17,925 (9,686) (9,686) Net interest income after provision for loan losses 550,129 550,129 439,513 439,513 Noninterest income 78,002 98,814 (655) 176,161 96,376 97,168 (389) 193,155 Noninterest expense 390,880 83,208 (4,486) 469,602 365,410 82,780 (4,234) 443,956 Income before income tax expense 237,251 15,606 3,831 256,688 170,479 14,388 3,845 188,712 Income tax expense 52,521 4,408 56,929 29,994 4,053 34,047 Net income 184,730 11,198 3,831 199,759 140,485 10,335 3,845 154,665 Total assets 22,498,175 215,190 (66,507) 22,646,858 23,376,521 204,768 (69,161) 23,512,128 Total liabilities 20,192,632 48,943 (66,507) 20,175,068 20,125,218 49,719 (69,161) 20,105,776 
 Banking Segment 
 Interest and dividend income increased by 170.0 million, or 39.1 , to 605.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 435.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 which was primarily due to an increase in average interest-earning assets. Average interest-earning assets increased 4.9 billion, or 29.6 , to 21.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 16.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Century, which closed on November 12, 2021 and added approximately 6.6 billion in interest-earning assets. For additional discussion, refer to the earlier Interest and Dividends section. 
 Interest expense increased 31.8 million, or 596.3 , to 37.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 which was primarily due to increased rates paid on deposits which increased 17 basis points during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The overall change in average interest-bearing liabilities also contributed to the increase in interest expense and increased 4.2 billion, or 48.8 , to 12.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 8.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, with average total interest-bearing deposits, our largest category of average interest-bearing liabilities, growing 3.9 billion, or 46.2 , to 12.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 8.5 billion as of December 31, 2021. Average interest-bearing deposits increased primarily due to our acquisition of Century, which added 4.4 billion in interest-bearing deposits. Also contributing to the increase in average interest-bearing liabilities was average borrowings which increased 230.1 million to 256.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 26.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in borrowings was primarily to provide additional liquidity for the funding of loan growth. For additional discussion, refer to the earlier Interest and Dividends section. 
 We recorded a provision for allowance for loan losses of 17.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a release of allowance for loan losses of 9.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We determined a provision to be appropriate primarily due to overall increased loan balances during the year ended December 31, 2022. Comparatively, during the year ended December 31, 2021, following continued improvement in economic and credit conditions, we had determined that a release of the provision was necessary. For additional discussion, refer to the earlier Provision for Loan Losses section. 
 Losses from investments held in rabbi trust accounts were 9.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 which represents a decrease of 18.7 million, or 201.9 , from income of 9.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of an unfavorable mark-to-market adjustment on equity securities held in these accounts during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Losses on sales of securities available for sale, net, were 3.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 which represents a decrease of 4.3 million from the year ended December 31, 2021, a period during which we recognized a net gain of 1.2 million. The net loss on sale was due to the decision by management to sell certain 
 87 

AFS securities during the year ended December 31, 2022, the majority of which were acquired in connection with our acquisition of Century and were in a net unrealized loss position at the time of sale. 
 Gains on sales of mortgage loans held for sale, net, were 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 which represents a decrease of 3.4 million from gains of 3.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in the volume of our mortgage loan sales on the secondary market which was primarily due to rising market rates of interest. 
 Partially offsetting the losses from investments held in rabbi trust accounts and losses on sales of securities available for sale during the year ended December 31, 2022 were service charges on deposit accounts which increased 6.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of increased corporate account analysis charges as a result of greater commercial deposit customer activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Noninterest expense increased 25.5 million, or 7.0 , to 390.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 365.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to an increase of 22.1 million in salaries and wages expense, a 10.4 million pension settlement-related expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 (representing the banking segment-only portion of the total settlement-related expense recognized), an increase of 10.3 million in share-based compensation, and an increase of 6.4 million in data processing expenses. Partially offsetting these increases was a decrease of 19.0 million in other compensation which was primarily attributable to decreased merger and acquisition-related expenses. For additional discussion, refer to the earlier Noninterest Expense section. 
 Insurance Agency Segment 
 Noninterest income related to our insurance agency business increased by 1.6 million, or 1.7 , to 98.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 97.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increased commission income. For additional discussion, refer to the earlier Noninterest Income section. 
 Noninterest expense related to our insurance agency business remained relatively consistent during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 with a slight increase of 0.4 million, or 0.5 , to 83.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 82.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The slight increase is primarily due to the previously mentioned pension settlement-related expense, of which 1.6 million related to the insurance agency segment. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 While our significant accounting policies are discussed in detail in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses . Through December 31, 2021, the allowance for loan losses represented management s best estimate of incurred probable losses in our loan portfolios based upon management s assessment of various factors, including the risk characteristics of our loan portfolio, current economic conditions, and trends in loan delinquencies and charge-offs. Our methodology for determining the qualitative component through December 31, 2021 included an assessment of factors affecting the determination of incurred losses in the loan portfolio. Such factors included trends in economic conditions, loan growth, credit underwriting policy exceptions, regulatory and audit findings, and peer comparisons, among others. Upon adoption of ASU 2016-13, effective January 1, 2022, we changed our reserve methodology to estimate expected credit losses over the contractual life of loans and leases. The allowance for credit losses, or ACL, is established to provide for our current estimate of expected lifetime credit losses on loans measured at amortized cost and unfunded lending commitments at the balance sheet date and is established through a provision for credit losses charged to net income. 
 Management uses a methodology to systematically estimate the amount of expected lifetime losses in the portfolio. Expected lifetime losses are estimated on a collective basis for loans sharing similar risk characteristics and are determined using a quantitative model combined with an assessment of certain qualitative factors designed to address forecast 
 88 

risk and model risk inherent in the quantitative model output. For commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, commercial construction and business banking portfolios, the quantitative model uses a loan rating system which is comprised of management s determination of a financial asset s probability of default PD ), loss given default LGD and exposure at default EAD ), which are derived from historical loss experience and other factors. For residential real estate, consumer home equity and other consumer portfolios, our quantitative model uses historical loss experience. 
 The quantitative model estimates expected credit losses using loan level data over the estimated life of the exposure, considering the effect of prepayments. Economic forecasts, one of the most significant judgments influencing the ACL, are incorporated into the estimate over a reasonable and supportable forecast period of eight quarters, beyond which is a reversion to our historical loss average which occurs over a period of four quarters. 
 Management s estimate of the ACL as of December 31, 2022 was supported, in part, by Oxford Economic s, December 2022 Baseline forecast the forecast ). The forecast assumed the U.S. economy will enter a recession in the second quarter of 2023, reflecting the combination of persistently high inflation, aggressive Federal Reserve monetary policy tightening, slower GDP activity, and weaker corporate earnings, all of which are expected to adversely impact consumers and businesses willingness to spend. Primary macroeconomic assumptions included in management s evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses included continued low, but rising, unemployment rates which are expected to continue to rise until their peak in early 2024, and a peak-to-trough decline in GDP of 1.2 . Further, the forecast assumed that the FOMC will continue to raise interest rates into early 2023 following its December 2022 increase but then remain flat into early 2024. Changes in the economic forecast could significantly affect the estimated credit losses which could potentially lead to materially different reserve amounts from one reporting period to the next. 
 To illustrate the sensitivity of the modeled result to the impact of a hypothetical change in the economic forecast, management calculated the allowance for loan losses assuming the downside economic forecast scenario and, separately, the upside economic forecast scenario were used. The downside scenario assumed the US economy will enter a recession in the first quarter of 2023 and experience a decline in GDP of 3.2 peak-to-trough. Use of the downside scenario would have resulted in an incremental increase in the allowance for loan losses of approximately 10.4 million as of December 31, 2022. The upside scenario assumed GDP growth of 1.4 in 2023, 1.9 in 2024 and sustained recovery. Use of the upside scenario would have resulted in an incremental decrease in the allowance for loan losses of approximately 3.1 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 For additional information on our allowance for loan losses, refer to Note 5, Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Income Taxes . We account for income taxes by establishing deferred tax assets and liabilities for the temporary differences between the accounting basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates. We make significant judgments regarding the amount and timing of recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities. This requires subjective projections of future taxable income resulting from interest on loans and securities, as well as noninterest income. A valuation allowance is established if it is considered more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Interest and penalties paid on the underpayment of income taxes are classified as income tax expense. 
 We periodically evaluate the potential uncertainty of our tax positions as to whether it is more likely than not its position would be upheld upon examination by the appropriate taxing authority. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that we believe is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. 
 For additional information on our income taxes, refer to Note 12, Income Taxes within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Pension and other Post Retirement Benefit Plans . For information regarding our pension and other postretirement benefit plans including our pension contributions, investment strategies, assumptions, the change in benefit obligation and related plan assets, pension funding requirements and future net benefit payments, refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 17, Employee Benefits within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our defined benefit pension plans are accounted for on an actuarial basis, which requires the selection of various assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for our Qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan Defined Benefit Plan ), a discount rate, lump sum conversion rates, compensation and benefit limitation increase assumptions, mortality rates of participants and expectation of mortality improvement. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets that is utilized in determining Defined Benefit Plan pension expense is derived from periodic studies, which include a review of asset allocation strategies, investment policy, amount and types of expenses that will be paid from the Defined Benefit Plan, and the expected long-term return for the Defined Benefit Plan using recent forward looking capital market assumptions published by leading financial organizations. While the studies give appropriate consideration to recent plan performance and historical returns, the assumptions are primarily long-term, prospective rates of return. 
 89 

An investment policy study was completed for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan as of December 31, 2022. As a result of the study, it was determined that the weighted-average long-term rate of return on assets in effect at December 31, 2021 of 7.00 , should be increased to 7.50 at December 31, 2022. 
 Another key assumption in determining net pension expense is the assumed discount rate used to discount plan obligations. We estimate the assumed discount rate for all pension plans using a cash flow matching approach, which uses projected cash flows matched to spot rates along the Financial Times Stock Exchange FTSE above-median yield curve to determine the weighted-average discount rate for the calculation of the present value of cash flows. We apply the individual annual yield curve rates instead of the assumed discount rate to determine the service cost and interest cost, which more specifically links the cash flows related to service cost and interest cost to bonds maturing in their year of payment. 
 For our Defined Benefit Plan and the Non-Qualified Benefit Equalization Plan, the interest rates used to convert annuities to the actuarial equivalent lump sum amounts were selected based on the applicable segment rates under Internal Revenue Code Section 417(e) for the plan year beginning on November 1, 2022. 
 The Society of Actuaries SOA most recently issued mortality improvement tables during the year ended December 31, 2021. We reviewed our recent mortality experience and we determined our current mortality assumptions were appropriate to measure our pension plan obligations as of December 31, 2022. 
 Significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect the pension obligations. The effects of actual results differing from assumptions and the changing of assumptions are included in unamortized net actuarial gains and losses that are subject to amortization to pension expense over future periods. The unamortized pre-tax actuarial loss on all of our pension plans was 99.0 million and 128.4 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The year-over-year change was primarily due to an increase in discount rate assumptions used for determining the benefit obligation and lump sum conversion rates. 
 The overfunded status of all of our pension plans improved during the year ended December 31, 2022 to 56.8 million from 44.5 million primarily due to: (i) the favorable effect of an increase in discount rates of 97.6 million; (ii) the favorable effect of an increase in lump sum conversion rates of 39.3 million; and (iii) changes in other actuarial assumptions and demographic data updates; partially offset by (iv) the unfavorable effect of increased service and interest costs of 4.6 million; and (v) actual pension plan investment returns less than expected of 127.0 million. 
 The following table illustrates the sensitivity to a change in certain assumptions for the pension plans, holding all other assumptions constant: 
 Effect on 2023 Pension Expense Effect on December 31, 2022 Pension Benefit Obligation (in thousands) 25 basis point decrease in discount rate 539 7,786 25 basis point increase in discount rate (519) (7,472) 25 basis point decrease in expected rate of return on plan assets 1,005 N/A 25 basis point increase in expected rate of return on plan assets (1,005) N/A 25 basis point decrease in lump sum conversion rates 494 3,558 25 basis point increase in lump sum conversion rates (472) (3,404) 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers ASU 2021-08 ). This update modifies how an acquiring entity measures contract assets and contract liabilities of an acquiree in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606. The amendments in this update require the acquiring entity in a business combination to account for revenue contracts as if they had originated the contract and assess how the acquiree accounted for the contract under Topic 606. ASU 2021-08 improves comparability of recognition and measurement of revenue contracts with customers both before and after a business combination. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. The amendments in this update should be applied prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments with early adoption permitted. We expect the adoption of this standard will not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures ASU 2022-02 ). The amendments in this update eliminate the accounting guidance 
 90 

on troubled debt restructurings TDRs for creditors in ASC 310-40 and amends the guidance on vintage disclosures, referenced in ASC 326-20-50, to require disclosure of current-period gross write-offs by year of origination. This update supersedes the existing accounting guidance for TDRs in ASC 310-40 in its entirety and requires entities to evaluate all receivable modifications under existing accounting guidance in ASC 310-20 to determine whether a modification made to a borrower results in a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan. In addition to the elimination of TDR accounting guidance, entities that adopt this update will no longer consider renewals, modifications and extensions that result from reasonably expected TDRs in their calculation of the allowance for credit losses. Further, if an entity employs a discounted cash flow method to calculate the allowance for credit losses, it will be required to use a post-modification-derived effective interest rate as part of its calculation. The update also requires new disclosures for receivables for which there has been a modification in their contractual cash flows resulting from borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Entities may elect to apply the updated guidance on TDR recognition and measurement by using a modified retrospective transition method. The amendments on TDR disclosures and vintage disclosures should be adopted prospectively. On January 1, 2023, we adopted this standard using the modified retrospective method with respect to the updated guidance on TDR recognition and measurement and the prospective approach with regard to the TDR and vintage disclosures. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For a description of recent accounting pronouncements that may affect our financial position or results of operations, refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Management of Market Risk 
 General. Market risk is the sensitivity of the net present value of assets and liabilities and/or income to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and other market-driven rates or prices. Interest rate sensitivity is the most significant market risk to which we are exposed. Interest rate risk is the sensitivity of the net present value of assets and liabilities and/or income to changes in interest rates. Changes in interest rates, as well as fluctuations in the level and duration of assets and liabilities, affect net interest income, our primary source of income. Interest rate risk arises directly from our core banking activities. In addition to directly impacting net interest income, changes in the level of interest rates can also affect the amount of loans originated, the timing of cash flows on loans and securities, and the fair value of securities and derivatives, as well as other effects. The primary goal of interest rate risk management is to control this risk within limits approved by the Risk Management Committee of our Board of Directors. 
 These limits reflect our tolerance for interest rate risk over both short-term and long-term horizons. We attempt to manage interest rate risk by identifying, quantifying, and where appropriate, hedging our exposure. If assets and liabilities do not re-price simultaneously and in equal volume, the potential for interest rate exposure exists. Our objective is to maintain stability in the growth of net interest income through the maintenance of an appropriate mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and, when necessary and within limits that management determines to be prudent, through the use of off-balance sheet hedging instruments including, but not limited to, interest rate swaps, floors and caps. 
 Net Interest Income. We analyze our sensitivity to changes in interest rates through a net interest income model. We estimate what our net interest income would be for a 12-month period assuming no changes in interest rates. We then estimate what the net interest income would be for the same period under the assumption that market rates increase or decrease instantaneously by +200, +300, +400, -100 and -200 basis point increments, with changes in interest rates representing immediate and permanent, parallel shifts in the yield curve. A basis point equals one-hundredth of one percent, and 100 basis points equals one percent. An increase in interest rates from 3 to 4 would mean, for example, a 100 basis point increase in the Changes in Interest Rates column below. The model requires that interest rates remain positive for all points along the yield curve for each rate scenario which may preclude the modeling of certain falling rate scenarios during periods of lower market interest rates. The relatively low level of market interest rates prevalent at December 31, 2021 precluded the modeling of certain falling rate scenarios. We do not model negative interest rate scenarios. 
 91 

The tables below set forth, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the calculation of the estimated changes in our net interest income on an FTE basis that would result from the designated immediate changes in market interest rates: 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 As of December 31, 2022 Change in Interest Rates (basis points) Net Interest Income Year 1 Forecast Year 1 Change from Level (Dollars in thousands) 400 528,247 (8.4) 300 539,739 (6.4) 200 552,231 (4.2) Flat 576,477 (100) 585,728 1.6 (200) 586,771 1.8 As of December 31, 2021 Change in 
 Interest Rates 
 (basis points) (1) 
 Net Interest Income Year 1 Forecast Year 1 Change from Level (Dollars in thousands) 400 663,207 30.2 300 624,384 22.6 200 586,319 15.1 Flat 509,379 (100) 479,489 (5.9) 
 (1) Assumes an immediate uniform change in interest rates at all maturities, except in the down 100 basis points scenario, where rates are floored at zero at all maturities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our models, as indicated above, show a decline in our net interest income in rising rate scenarios and an increase in our net interest income in falling rate scenarios. In the rising rate scenarios, interest expense is expected to rise at a faster rate than interest income due, in part, to the extension of asset duration from our interest rate swap portfolio designated as cash flow hedges and the reduction of liability duration due to the increase in short term certificates of deposit and borrowings. Conversely, in the declining rate scenarios, the reduction in interest expense exceeds the reduction in interest income. The tables above indicate that at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, in the event of an instantaneous parallel 200 basis points increase in rates, we would have experienced a 4.2 decrease and a 15.1 increase, respectively, in net interest income on an FTE basis, and in the event of an instantaneous 100 basis points decrease in interest rates, we would have experienced a 1.6 increase and a 5.9 decrease at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, in net interest income, on an FTE basis. We also modeled an instantaneous 200 basis point decrease in interest rates at December 31, 2022, the results of which showed we would have experienced a 1.8 increase in net interest income, on an FTE basis. We did not model an instantaneous 200 basis points decrease in interest rates at December 31, 2021 given the relatively low level of interest rates. Management may use investment strategy, loan and deposit pricing, non-core funding strategies, and interest rate derivative financial instruments, within internal policy guidelines, to manage interest rate risk as part of our asset/liability strategy. These derivatives provide significant protection against falling interest rates. For additional information related to our interest rate derivative financial instruments, see Note 19, Derivative Financial Instruments within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Economic Value of Equity Analysis. We also analyze the sensitivity of our financial condition in interest rates through our economic value of equity EVE model. This analysis calculates the difference between the present value of expected cash flows from assets and liabilities assuming various changes in current interest rates. 
 The table below represents an analysis of our interest rate risk as measured by the estimated changes in our EVE, resulting from an instantaneous and sustained parallel shift in the yield curve (+200, +300, +400 basis points and -100, -200 basis points) at December 31, 2022 and (+200, +300, +400 basis points and -100 basis points) December 31, 2021. The model requires that interest rates remain positive for all points along the yield curve for each rate scenario which may preclude the 
 92 

modeling of certain falling rate scenarios during periods of lower market interest rates. The relatively low level of interest rates prevalent at December 31, 2021 precluded the modeling of certain falling rate scenarios, including negative interest rates. 
 Our earnings are not directly or materially impacted by movements in foreign currency rates or commodity prices. Movements in equity prices may have a modest impact on earnings by affecting the volume of activity or the amount of fees from investment-related business lines and by affecting the amount of unrealized gains and losses from securities held in rabbi trusts which are partially offset by a corresponding but opposite impact to the amount of employee benefit expense associated with the change in value of plan assets. 
 EVE Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 Change in Interest Rates (basis points) Estimated EVE (2) As of December 31, 2022 EVE as a Percentage of Total Assets (3) Estimated Increase (Decrease) in EVE from Level Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) 400 3,691,963 (691,696) (15.8) 18.48 300 3,834,512 (549,147) (12.5) 18.72 200 4,007,265 (376,394) (8.6) 19.04 Flat 4,383,659 19.66 (100) 4,527,743 144,084 3.3 19.74 (200) 4,620,994 237,335 5.4 19.61 
 Change in Interest Rate (basis points) (1) Estimated EVE (2) As of December 31, 2021 EVE as a Percentage of Total Assets (3) Estimated Increase (Decrease) in EVE from Level Amount ) Percent ) (Dollars in thousands) 400 4,573,359 27,408 0.6 21.30 300 4,565,019 19,068 0.4 20.80 200 4,589,035 43,084 0.9 20.39 Flat 4,545,951 17.06 (100) 4,270,433 (275,518) (6.1) 17.75 
 (1) Assumes an immediate uniform change in interest rates at all maturities, except in the down 100 basis points scenario, where rates are floored at zero at all maturities. 
 (2) EVE is the discounted present value of expected cash flows from assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet contracts. 
 (3) Present value of assets represents the discounted present value of incoming cash flows on interest-earning assets. 
 Certain shortcomings are inherent in the interest rate risk measurement methodologies underlying the data presented in the tables in this section. Modeling changes require making certain assumptions that may or may not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. For example, the models assume that the composition of our interest-sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the beginning of a period remains constant over the period being measured and assume that a particular change in interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve regardless of the duration or repricing of specific assets and liabilities. Accordingly, although the tables provide an indication of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such measurements are not intended to and do not provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates, and actual results may differ. 
 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources, Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 
 Liquidity. Liquidity describes our ability to meet the financial obligations that arise in the normal course of business. Liquidity is primarily needed to meet deposit withdrawals and anticipated loan fundings, as well as current and planned expenditures. We seek to maintain sources of liquidity that are deep and diversified and that may be used during the normal course of business as well as on a contingency basis. 
 Our primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities, and proceeds from calls, maturities and sales of securities, subject to market conditions. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan and securities prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. Our most liquid assets are unencumbered cash and due from banks and securities classified as available for sale, which could be liquidated, subject to market conditions. In the future, our liquidity position will be affected by the level of customer deposits and payments, as well as acquisitions, dividends, and share 
 93 

repurchases in which we may engage. For the next twelve months, we believe that our existing resources, including our capacity to use brokered deposits and wholesale borrowings, will be sufficient to meet the liquidity and capital requirements of our operations. We may elect to raise additional capital through the sale of additional equity or debt financing to fund business activities such as strategic acquisitions, share repurchases, or other purposes beyond the next twelve months. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 169.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, a decrease of 1.1 billion from 1.2 billion at December 31, 2021. The reduction in cash levels was due primarily to a 1.3 billion increase in total loans, on a gross basis, and a 654.0 million decrease in total deposits. Advances from the FHLBB were used to support ongoing operations and totaled 704.1 million at December 31, 2022. 
 We participate in the IntraFi Network, which allows us to provide access to multi-million dollar FDIC deposit insurance protection on customer deposits for consumers, businesses and public entities. We can elect to sell or repurchase this funding as reciprocal deposits from other IntraFi Network banks depending on our funding needs. At December 31, 2022, we had no IntraFi Network one-way sell deposits. At December 31, 2021, we had 520.5 million of IntraFi Network one-way sell deposits. At December 31, 2022, we had repurchased 665.0 million of previously sold reciprocal deposits. At December 31, 2021, no amounts were repurchased of previously sold reciprocal deposits. The additional capacity of 520.5 million at December 31, 2021 was considered a source of liquidity. 
 Although customer deposits remain our preferred source of funds, maintaining additional sources of liquidity is part of our prudent liquidity risk management practices. We have the ability to borrow from the FHLBB. At December 31, 2022, we had 704.1 million in outstanding advances and the ability to borrow up to an additional 2.0 billion. We also have the ability to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. At December 31, 2022, we had a 538.9 million collateralized line of credit from the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston with no outstanding balance. In addition, we are able to acquire brokered deposits at our discretion to raise additional funds. At December 31, 2022, we had 928.6 million in brokered certificates of deposit of which 40.5 million were IntraFi Network deposits and which are excluded from the Intrafi Network reciprocal deposits shown in the table below. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Outstanding Additional Capacity Outstanding Additional Capacity (In thousands) IntraFi Network reciprocal deposits 664,971 520,461 Brokered certificates of deposit (1) 928,648 Federal Home Loan Bank (2) 704,084 1,976,166 14,020 1,839,540 Federal Reserve Bank of Boston (3) 538,894 456,148 Total 2,297,703 2,515,060 14,020 2,816,149 
 (1) The additional borrowing capacity has not been assessed for this category. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, loans have been pledged to the FHLBB with a carrying value of 3.9 billion and 2.6 billion, respectively, to secure our total borrowing capacity. 
 (3) Loans with a carrying value of 1.1 billion and 0.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, have been pledged to the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston resulting in this additional unused borrowing capacity. 
 We believe that advanced preparation, early detection, and prompt responses can avoid, minimize, or shorten potential liquidity crises. Our Board of Directors and our management s Asset Liability Committee have put a liquidity contingency plan in place to establish methods for assessing and monitoring risk levels, as well as potential responses during unanticipated stress events. As part of our risk management framework, we perform periodic liquidity stress testing to assess our need for liquid assets as well as backup sources of liquidity. 
 Capital Resources. We are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, the FDIC and the Federal Reserve (with respect to our consolidated capital requirements). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we exceeded all applicable regulatory capital requirements, and were considered well capitalized under regulatory guidelines. For additional information regarding our regulatory capital requirements, refer to Note 16, Minimum Regulatory Capital Requirements within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 94 

Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies. In the ordinary course of our operations, we enter into certain contractual obligations. Such obligations include operating leases for premises and equipment, agreements with respect to borrowed funds and deposit liabilities. The amounts below assume the contractual obligations and commitments will run through the end of the applicable term and, as such, do not include early termination fees or penalties where applicable. 
 The following table summarizes our short-term (e.g. maturity of one year or less) and long-term (e.g. maturity of greater than one year) contractual obligations, other commitments and contingencies at December 31, 2022. 
 One Year or Less After One Year Total (In thousands) Commitments to extend credit (1) 977,827 4,702,611 5,680,438 Standby letters of credit 59,126 6,028 65,154 Operating lease obligations 14,858 28,212 43,070 FHLB advances 691,297 12,787 704,084 Forward commitments to sell loans 10,008 10,008 Total 1,753,116 4,749,638 6,502,754 
 (1) Unused commitments that are deemed to be unconditionally cancellable are included in the less than one year category in the above table. Commitments to extend credit was comprised of 3.4 billion of commitments under commercial loans and lines of credit (including 713.3 million of unadvanced portions of construction loans), 2.0 billion of commitments under home equity loans and lines of credit, 198.6 million in overdraft coverage commitments, 24.9 million of unfunded commitments related to residential real estate loans and 56.1 million in other consumer loans and lines of credit as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The information required by this Item is included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Management of Market Risk. 
 95 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for credit losses in 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , and the related amendments. See below for discussion of our related critical audit matter. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 
 96 

Allowance for loan losses Description of the matter The Company s loan portfolio totaled 13.6 billion as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, management established an allowance for loan losses of 142.2 million. As described in Note 2 and Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company uses its allowance methodology to systematically estimate the amount of expected lifetime losses in the loan portfolio. Expected lifetime losses are estimated on a collective basis for loans sharing similar risk characteristics and are determined using a quantitative model based on management s determination of a loan s probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default, which are derived from the Company s historical loss experience, industry loss experience and other factors, adjusted for economic forecasts. The quantitative model is combined with an assessment of certain qualitative factors designed to address forecast risk and model risk inherent in the quantitative model output. 
 
 Auditing the Company s allowance for loan losses was complex due to the quantitative modeling used and involved subjective judgment to evaluate management s assessment of qualitative factors in determining adjustments to the quantitative model output. 
 How we addressed the matter in our audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s allowance for loan losses process, which included, among others, controls over the appropriateness of the methodology, the development, operation and monitoring of the quantitative model, management s review of the qualitative adjustments to the quantitative model output and overall model result. 
 
 With the assistance of EY Specialists, we tested management s quantitative model including evaluating the model validation procedures performed over conceptual soundness of model methodology, assessing model governance policies and procedures, and assessing the conceptual soundness of the Company s qualitative factor framework utilized in determining the overall allowance for loan losses. 
 
 To test the qualitative risk factors, among other procedures, we assessed management s methodology and considered whether relevant risks were reflected in the models and whether adjustments to the model output were appropriate. We tested the completeness, accuracy and relevance of the underlying data used to estimate the qualitative adjustments. We evaluated whether qualitative adjustments were reasonable based on changes in economic conditions, the loan portfolio, management s policies and procedures, external legal and regulatory factors, and lending personnel. We tested whether management s final qualitative factor weighting was consistent with the external and internal evidence obtained. Further, we performed an independent search for the existence of new or contrary information relating to risks impacting the qualitative adjustments to validate that management s considerations were appropriate. Additionally, we performed an analysis examining quarter-over-quarter changes to the Company s qualitative factor adjustments to test reasonableness and timing of changes to the Company s qualitative factors. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 24, 2023 
 97 

EASTERN BANKSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS As of December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Short-term investments Cash and cash equivalents Securities: Available for sale (amortized cost and , respectively) 
 Held to maturity (fair value and , respectively) 
 Total securities Loans held for sale Loans: Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial construction Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer Total loans Allowance for loan losses ) ) Unamortized premiums, net of unearned discounts and deferred fees, net of costs ) ) Net loans Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Premises and equipment Bank-owned life insurance Goodwill and other intangibles, net Deferred income taxes, net Prepaid expenses Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Deposits: Demand Interest checking accounts Savings accounts Money market investment Certificates of deposit Total deposits Borrowed funds: Short-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances Escrow deposits of borrowers Interest rate swap collateral funds Long-term Federal Home Loan Bank advances Total borrowed funds Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 18) Shareholders equity Common shares, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Unallocated common shares held by the Employee Stock Ownership Plan ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 98 

EASTERN BANKSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share data) Interest and dividend income: Interest and fees on loans Taxable interest and dividends on available for sale securities Non-taxable interest and dividends on available for sale securities Interest on federal funds sold and other short-term investments Interest and dividends on trading securities Total interest and dividend income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for (release of) allowance for loan losses ) Net interest income after provision for (release of) loan losses Noninterest income: Insurance commissions Service charges on deposit accounts Trust and investment advisory fees Debit card processing fees Interest rate swap income (losses) ) (Losses) income from investments held in rabbi trusts ) Losses on trading securities, net ) Gains on sales of mortgage loans held for sale, net (Losses) gains on sales of securities available for sale, net ) Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Office occupancy and equipment Data processing Professional services Charitable contributions Marketing Loan expenses FDIC insurance Amortization of intangible assets Other Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 99 

EASTERN BANKSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Net change in fair value of securities available for sale ) ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) Net change in other comprehensive income for defined benefit postretirement plans 
 Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 100 

EASTERN BANKSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Unallocated Common Stock Held by ESOP Total (In thousands, except share data) Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect accounting adjustment (1) 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Proceeds of stock offering and issuance of common shares (net of costs of million) 
 Issuance of common shares donated to the Eastern Bank Foundation Purchase of common shares by the ESOP shares) 
 ) ) ESOP shares committed to be released Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Dividends to common shareholders ) ) Repurchased common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) ESOP shares committed to be released Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Cumulative effect accounting adjustment (2) 
 ) ) Dividends to common shareholders ) ) Repurchased common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards ) Unvested restricted stock awards forfeited and subsequently cancelled ) ) Share-based compensation Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) ESOP shares committed to be released Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (1) million, net of tax, related to an incremental accrued rent adjustment calculated as a result of electing the hindsight practical expedient. 
 (2) million, net of taxes of million, to reflect the cumulative impact on retained earnings pursuant to the Company s adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses on Financial Instruments and relevant amendments. Refer to Note 5, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 101 

EASTERN BANKSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Provision for (release of) allowance for loan losses ) Depreciation and amortization Accretion of deferred loan fees and premiums, net ) ) ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Amortization of investment security premiums and discounts, net Right-of-use asset amortization Share-based compensation Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) ) Loss (gain) on life insurance benefits ) ) Loss (gain) on sales of securities available for sale, net ) ) (Gain) loss on sales of bank premises and equipment, net ) Loss on lease termination/modification, net Amortization of gains from terminated interest rate swaps ) ) ) ESOP expense Issuance of common shares donated to the Eastern Bank Foundation (1) 
 Other ) ) Change in: Trading securities Loans held for sale ) ) ) Prepaid pension expense ) Other assets ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale Proceeds from maturities and principal paydowns of securities available for sale Purchases of securities available for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities and principal paydowns of securities held to maturity Purchases of securities held to maturity ) Proceeds from sale of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Purchases of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) ) Contributions to low income housing tax credit investments ) ) ) Contributions to other equity investments ) ) ) Distributions from other equity investments Proceeds from life insurance policies Net (increase) decrease in outstanding loans, excluding loan purchases ) ) Purchases of loans ) Acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired ) ) ) Purchased banking premises and equipment, net ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of bank premises and equipment Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Net (decrease) increase in demand, savings, interest checking, and money market investment deposit accounts ) Net increase (decrease) in time deposits ) ) Net increase (decrease) in borrowed funds ) Repayment of acquired subordinated debentures (3) 
 ) Contingent consideration paid ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common shares Purchase of shares by the ESOP ) 
 102 

Payment of deferred offering costs ) Payments for repurchases of common stock ) ) Dividends declared and paid to common shareholders ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid during the period for: Interest paid Income taxes Non-cash activities Net increase in capital commitments relating to low income housing tax credit projects Net decrease in operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities relating to lease remeasurements (see Note 8, Leases within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements) 
 Maturity of acquired securities sold under agreements to repurchase (2) 
 Initial recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets upon adoption of ASU 2016-02 Initial recognition of operating lease liabilities upon adoption of ASU 2016-02 
 (1) shares at a fair value of million to the Eastern Bank Foundation. The donation is included in charitable contributions as a non-interest expense in the Consolidated Income Statement for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 103 

EASTERN BANKSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 of Eastern Bank s common stock, and immediately thereafter merged into the Company. 
 Pursuant to the Plan, the Company sold shares of common stock in a public offering at per share, including shares of common stock purchased by the Bank s employee stock ownership plan (the ESOP ), for gross offering proceeds of approximately . The Company completed the offering on October 14, 2020. Effective as of October 15, 2020, the Company donated shares of common stock to the Eastern Bank Charitable Foundation (now known as the Eastern Bank Foundation, or the Foundation ). A total of shares of common stock of the Company were issued and outstanding immediately after the donation to the Foundation. The purchase of common stock by the ESOP was financed by a loan from the Company. 
 Pursuant to the Plan, eligible account holders have received an interest in a liquidation account maintained by the Company in an amount equal to (i) Eastern Bank Corporation s ownership interest in the Bank s total shareholders equity as of March 31, 2020, the date of the latest statement of financial position included in the latest prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC for the Company's initial public offering IPO ), plus (ii) the value of the net assets of Eastern Bank Corporation as of March 31, 2020 (excluding its ownership of Eastern Bank). Also pursuant to the Plan, a parallel liquidation account maintained at the Bank was established to support the Company s liquidation account in the event the Company does not have sufficient assets to fund its obligations under its liquidation account. The Company and the Bank hold the liquidation accounts for the benefit of eligible account holders who continue to maintain deposits in the Bank. The Company is not permitted to pay dividends on its capital stock if the shareholders equity of the Company would be reduced below the amount of the liquidation account. The liquidation account will be reduced annually to the extent that eligible account holders have reduced their qualifying deposits. Subsequent increases will not restore an eligible account holder s interest in the liquidation accounts. In the event of a complete liquidation of the Bank, and only in such event, each account holder will be entitled to receive a distribution from the liquidation account in an amount proportionate to the adjusted qualifying account balances then held. See Regulation Liquidation Account Effect on Dividends included in Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 104 

2. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents includes million and million of restricted cash pledged as collateral at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which for purposes of the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, is included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash. 
 105 

allowance for credit losses was recorded for AFS securities. 
 Gains and losses on sales of securities are recognized at the time of sale on the specific-identification basis. 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2016-13, management evaluated impaired securities for other-than-temporary impairment OTTI at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warranted such evaluation. Consideration was given to the length of time and the extent to which the fair value was less than cost, current market conditions, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, performance of collateral underlying the securities, the ratings of the individual securities, the interest rate environment, the Company s intent to sell the security or whether it was more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the debt security before its anticipated recovery, as well as other qualitative factors. 
 
 Refer to Note 4, Securities for additional information regarding the measurement of impairment losses on AFS securities. 
 securities classified as HTM at December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 4, Securities for additional information regarding the measurement of credit losses on HTM securities. 

Non-performing Loans NPLs 

106 

107 

108 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s OREO was immaterial. 

109 

reporting units for purposes of testing goodwill for impairment: the banking business and the insurance agency business. 
 and the estimated useful life of customer lists from insurance agency acquisitions is . The estimated useful life of non-compete agreements resulting from insurance agency acquisitions are dependent upon the terms of the agreement. The Company reassesses the useful lives of other intangible assets at least annually, or more frequently based on specific events or changes in circumstances. 
 of eligible service for individuals employed on or before October 31, 1989. For individuals employed subsequent to October 31, 1989 and who were already in the Defined Benefit Plan as of November 1, 2020, benefits became fully vested after of eligible service. Under the cash balance plan design and for employees who were not already in the Defined Benefit Plan as of November 1, 2020, benefits become fully vested after of eligible service. The annual contribution to the Defined Benefit Plan is based upon standards established by the Pension Protection Act. The contribution is based on an actuarial method intended to provide not only for benefits attributable to service to date, but also for those expected to be earned in the future. 
 The Company also has an unfunded Defined Benefit Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan DB SERP that provides certain retired officers with defined pension benefits in excess of qualified plan limits imposed by U.S. federal tax law. The DB SERP has a plan year end of December 31. 
 The Company s BEP, which is an unfunded plan, provides retirement benefits to certain employees whose retirement benefits under the Defined Benefit Plan are limited per the Internal Revenue Code. The BEP has a plan year end of October 31. 
 The Company also has an unfunded Outside Directors Retainer Continuance Plan ODRCP that provides pension benefits to outside directors who retire from service. The Outside Directors Retainer Continuance Plan has a plan year end of December 31. Effective December 31, 2020, the Company closed the ODRCP to new participants and froze benefit accruals for active participants. 
 Plan assets are invested in various investment funds and held at fair value which generally represents observable market prices. Pension liability is determined based on the actuarial cost method factoring in assumptions such as salary increases, expected retirement date, mortality rate, and employee turnover. The actuarial cost method used to compute the pension liabilities and related expense is the projected unit credit method. The projected benefit obligation is principally determined based on the present value of the projected benefit distributions at an assumed discount rate (which is the rate at which the projected benefit obligation could be effectively settled as of the measurement date). The discount rate which is utilized is determined using the spot rate approach whereby the individual spot rates on the Financial Times and Stock Exchange FTSE above-median yield curve are applied to each corresponding year s projected cash flow used to measure the respective plan s service cost and interest cost. Periodic pension expense (or income) includes service costs, interest costs based on the assumed discount rate, the expected return on plan assets, if applicable, based on the market value of assets and amortization of actuarial gains and losses. Net periodic benefit cost excluding service cost is included within other noninterest expense in the consolidated statements of income. Service cost for all plans except the ODRCP is included in salaries and employee benefits in the consolidated statements of income. Service cost for the ODRCP is included in professional services in the consolidated statements of income. The amortization of actuarial gains and losses for the DB SERP and ODRCP is 
 110 

plans which allow for elective compensation deferrals by directors, former trustees, and certain senior-level employees. Each plan allows its participants to designate deemed investments for deferred amounts from certain options which include diversified choices, such as exchange traded funds and mutual funds. Portfolios with various risk profiles are available to participants with the approval of the Compensation Committee. The Company purchases and sells investments which track the deemed investment choices, so that it has available funds to meet its payment liabilities. Deferred amounts, adjusted for deemed investment performance, are paid at the time of a participant designated date or event, such as separation from service, death, or disability. The total amounts due to participants under these plans are included in other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 111 

112 

Refer to Note 22, Revenue from Contracts with Customers for additional information regarding the Company s insurance commissions. 
 113 

114 

reportable segments: its banking business, which consists of a full range of banking lending, savings, and small business offerings, and its wealth management and trust operations; and its insurance agency business, which consists of insurance-related activities. 
 115 

million, net of deferred taxes of million, as of January 1, 2022, for the cumulative effect of adopting ASU 2016-13. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 using the prospective transition approach for purchased credit-deteriorated PCD financial assets that were previously classified as purchased credit-impaired PCI financial assets and accounted for under ASC 310-30. In accordance with ASU 2016-13, the Company did not reassess whether its assets previously classified as PCI assets met the criteria of PCD assets as of the date of adoption. Rather, loans previously determined to be PCI loans are considered to be PCD loans as of January 1, 2022. On January 1, 2022, the amortized cost basis of the PCD assets was adjusted to reflect the addition of the allowance for loan losses on PCD loans. The remaining noncredit discount will be accreted into the Company s interest income at the then-effective interest rate as of January 1, 2022. The amount of the adjustment for PCD assets was not material to the Company. 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-4, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 ). This update addresses optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to certain contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The new guidance applies only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The expedients and exceptions provided by the amendments do not apply to contract modifications made and hedging relationships that exist as of December 31, 2022, for which an entity has elected certain optional expedients for and that are 
 116 

3. 
 
 per share. The total consideration paid in the acquisition of Century was million in cash. In connection with the acquisition, Century Bank and Trust Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Century, was merged with and into the Bank. The acquisition added billion to total assets, including goodwill and intangible assets, billion to total loans, which included PCI loans totaling million and billion to total deposits, and added full-service banking offices in Massachusetts, as of the date of closing. 
 The acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations . Under this method of accounting, the respective assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values. The excess of consideration paid over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired totaled million and was recorded as goodwill. The results of Century s operations were included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 The calculation of goodwill was subject to change for up to one year after the closing date of the transaction as additional information relative to closing date estimates and uncertainties became available. As of December 31, 2022, the Company finalized its analysis of these assets and liabilities and no adjustments to the recorded carrying values were considered necessary. 
 
 117 

Short-term investments Investment securities Loans FHLB stock Premises and equipment Bank owned life insurance Goodwill Core deposit intangible Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Escrow deposits of borrowers Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Purchase price) million, reflecting a net discount, was recorded on acquired securities and reflects the net unrealized loss position of such securities at the date of acquisition. Securities acquired that were classified on Century s balance sheet as held-to-maturity were reclassified as available for sale upon acquisition, reflecting management s intent with respect to such securities. 
 Loans) million, reflecting a net discount, was recorded on the loans acquired in this transaction and was due primarily to anticipated credit loss, as well as considerations for liquidity and market interest rates. 
 A portion of the acquired loans exhibited evidence of more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination and thus were reviewed to determine if any loans would be deemed PCI. 
 118 

Contractual cash flows not expected to be collected Expected cash flows at acquisition Interest component of expected cash flows Basis in PCI loans at acquisition - estimated fair value 
 (1) Contractually required principal and interest at acquisition includes interest not expected to be collected due to estimated prepayments. 
 Premises and Equipment 
 The Company acquired branches from Century as of the date of closing, 13 of which were owned premises. The fair value of properties acquired was derived by valuations prepared by an independent third party utilizing a combination of the cost approach and the sales comparison approach to value the property as improved. 
 Included in the acquired premises and equipment of million was real estate previously owned by Century and located at 400 Mystic Avenue, Medford, Massachusetts (the 400 Mystic Parcel ). On September 30, 2021, the Company executed a definitive Purchase and Sale Agreement that provided for Eastern Bank to sell the 400 Mystic Parcel, where Century maintained its executive offices. The purchase price for the 400 Mystic Parcel was million in cash payable at the closing of the sale which occurred in the mid-fourth quarter of 2021 after the Company completed the acquisition. The fair value of the property was initially recorded at an amount equal to the agreed upon purchase price. Accordingly, gain or loss was recognized as a result of the sale. 
 Leases 
 As part of the Century acquisition the Company added lease obligations. The Company recorded a million right-of-use asset and lease liability for these lease obligations. 
 Core Deposit Intangible 
 The fair value of the core deposit intangible was determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis using a discount rate commensurate with market participants. To calculate cash flows, deposit account servicing costs (net of deposit fee income) and interest expense on deposits were compared to the cost of alternative funding sources available through FHLBB borrowing rates and national brokered CD offering rates. The projected cash flows were developed using projected deposit attrition rates. Management retained a third-party valuation specialist to assist with the determination of projected cash flows, the results of which were reviewed by management. The core deposit intangible totaled million and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of approximately years. 
 Goodwill 
 The calculation of goodwill was subject to change for up to one year after the date of acquisition as additional information relative to the closing date estimates and uncertainties became available. As the Company finalized its review of the acquired assets and liabilities, certain adjustments to the recorded carrying values could have been required. No adjustments were considered necessary in connection with this review. The goodwill is evaluated annually for impairment. The goodwill is t deductible for tax purposes. 
 Bank Owned Life Insurance BOLI 
 Century s BOLI cash surrender value was million with no fair value adjustment. 
 Time Deposits 
 The fair value adjustment for time deposits represents a discount from the value of the contractual repayments of fixed-maturity deposits using prevailing market interest rates for similar-term time deposits. The time deposit discount of approximately million is being amortized into income on a level yield amortization method over the contractual life of the deposits. 
 Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase 
 119 

million with no fair value adjustment as the fair value approximates carrying value. Such agreements reached their maturity prior to December 31, 2021. Accordingly, the Company had no obligations related to securities sold under agreements to repurchase as of December 31, 2021. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase were customer-related and were converted to deposits upon maturity. 
 Escrow Deposits of Borrowers 
 Century s escrow deposits of borrowers was million with no fair value adjustment. 
 Merger-Related Expenses 
 The Company recorded merger and acquisition expenses of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the Century acquisition. 
 Office occupancy and equipment Data processing Professional services Other 
 The following table presents certain unaudited pro forma information for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. This unaudited estimated pro forma financial information was calculated as if Century had been acquired as of the beginning of the year prior to the date of acquisition. This unaudited pro forma information combines the historical results of Century with the Company s consolidated historical results and includes certain adjustments reflecting the estimated impact of certain fair value adjustments for the respective periods. The pro forma information is not indicative of what would have occurred had the acquisition occurred as of the beginning of the year prior to the acquisition. The unaudited pro forma information does not consider any changes to the provision for loan losses resulting from recording loan assets at fair value, cost savings, or business synergies. 
 Net income 
 Financial results of Century from the date of acquisition through December 31, 2021 are not presented as management considers the determination of such amounts to be impracticable. 
 Insurance Agency Acquisitions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed acquisitions of insurance agencies for cash consideration of million and million, respectively, for aggregate total cash consideration of million. Both acquisitions were categorized as business combinations and were accounted for using the acquisition method. 
 120 

Non-compete intangible Other Total assets acquired Consideration: Total cash paid ) Contingent consideration ) Other liabilities assumed Total fair value of consideration ) Goodwill 
 In connection with these acquisitions, the Company recorded contingent consideration liabilities related to attainment of revenue targets over a period of time after the respective acquisition dates. The amounts of contingent consideration liabilities recorded were based upon management s best estimate of possible outcomes as of the date of the respective acquisitions. The Company recorded contingent consideration liabilities of million and million and per the purchase agreements, the payouts ranged from to million and to million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any material charges to expense or payments to adjust the acquisition-related contingent consideration liabilities recorded. 
 For tax purposes, the acquisitions were considered asset acquisitions and as such, the amortization of goodwill and intangible assets is deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition-related legal and professional fee costs of million were charged to expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, and were included in the professional services line item of the consolidated statements of income. These acquisitions were not considered significant to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and, therefore, pro forma data and certain other disclosures have been excluded. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company completed acquisitions of insurance agencies for cash consideration of million and million, respectively, for aggregate total cash consideration of million. Both acquisitions were categorized as business combinations and were accounted for using the acquisition method. 
 Non-compete intangible Other Total assets acquired Consideration: Total cash paid ) Contingent consideration ) Other liabilities assumed ) Total fair value of consideration ) Goodwill 
 In connection with one of these acquisitions, the Company recorded a contingent consideration liability related to attainment of revenue targets over a period of time after the acquisition date. The amount of contingent consideration liability recorded was based upon management s best estimate of possible outcomes as of the date of acquisition. The Company recorded a contingent consideration liability of million, and per the purchase agreement, the payout ranged from to million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any material charges to expense or payments to adjust the acquisition-related contingent consideration liability recorded. 
 121 

million were charged to expense during the year ended December 31, 2021, and were included in the professional services line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. These acquisitions were not considered significant to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and, therefore, pro forma data and certain other disclosures have been excluded. 
 
 4. 
 ) Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities ) U.S. Agency bonds ) U.S. Treasury securities ) State and municipal bonds and obligations ) Other debt securities ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value (In thousands) Debt securities: Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities ) Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities ) U.S. Agency bonds ) U.S. Treasury securities ) State and municipal bonds and obligations ) Small Business Administration pooled securities Other debt securities ) 
 The Company did t record a provision for credit losses on any AFS securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. Accrued interest receivable on AFS securities totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and is included within other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company did t record any write-offs of accrued interest income on AFS securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. No AFS securities held by the Company were delinquent on contractual payments as of December 31, 2022, nor were any such securities placed on non-accrual status for the period then ended. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no investments in obligations of individual states, counties, or municipalities which exceeded 10 of consolidated shareholders equity. 
 122 

Gross realized losses from sales of AFS securities ) Net (losses) gains from sales of AFS securities ) 
 Prior to the Company s adoption of ASU 2016-13, management prepared an estimate of the Company s expected cash flows for AFS investment securities that potentially may be deemed to have been an OTTI. This estimate began with the contractual cash flows of the security which was then reduced by an estimate of probable credit losses associated with the security. When estimating the extent of probable losses on the securities, management considered the credit quality and the ability to pay of the underlying issuers. Indicators of diminished credit quality of the issuers included defaults, interest deferrals, or payments in kind. Management also considered those factors listed in the Investments Debt and Equity Securities topic of the FASB ASC when estimating the ultimate realizability of the cash flows for each individual security. 
 The resulting estimate of expected cash flows after considering credit was then subject to a present value computation using a discount rate equal to the current yield used to accrete the beneficial interest or the effective interest rate implicit in the security at the date of acquisition. If the present value of the estimated expected cash flows was less than the current amortized cost basis, an OTTI was considered to have occurred and the security was written down to the fair value indicated by the cash flow analysis. As part of the analysis, management considered whether it intended to sell the security or whether it was more than likely that it would be required to sell the security before the expected recovery of its amortized cost basis. There was OTTI recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 123 

Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities U.S. Agency bonds U.S. Treasury securities State and municipal bonds and obligations Other debt securities 
 As of December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total # of Holdings Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value (Dollars in thousands) Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities U.S. Agency bonds U.S. Treasury securities State and municipal bonds and obligations 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not intend to sell these investments and has determined based upon available evidence that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell each security before the expected recovery of its amortized cost basis. As a result, the Company did not recognize an ACL on these investments as of December 31, 2022. As it relates to AFS securities with gross unrealized losses as of December 31, 2021, the Company did not consider these investments to be OTTI under its prior methodology. The Company made this determination by reviewing various qualitative and quantitative factors regarding each investment category, such as current market conditions, extent and nature of changes in fair value, issuer rating changes and trends, and volatility of earnings. 
 As a result of the Company s review of these qualitative and quantitative factors, the causes of the impairments listed in the tables above by category are as follows as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities The securities with unrealized losses in this portfolio have contractual terms that generally do not permit the issuer to settle the security at a price less than the current par value of the investment. The decline in market value of these securities is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality. Additionally, these securities are implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government or one of its agencies. 
 Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities The securities with unrealized losses in this portfolio have contractual terms that generally do not permit the issuer to settle the security at a price less than the current par value of the investment. The decline in market value of these securities is attributable to 
 124 

) Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) 
 The Company held HTM securities as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company did t record a provision for estimated credit losses on any HTM securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. The accrued interest receivable on HTM securities totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and is included within other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company did t record any write-offs of accrued interest receivable on HTM securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. No HTM securities held by the Company were delinquent on contractual payments as of December 31, 2022, nor were any such securities placed on non-accrual status for the period then ended. 
 125 

Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities U.S. Agency bonds U.S. Treasury securities State and municipal bonds and obligations Other debt securities Total available for sale securities HTM securities Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities Total held to maturity securities Total 
 126 

Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities U.S. Agency bonds U.S. Treasury securities State and municipal bonds and obligations Small Business Administration pooled securities Other debt securities Total 
 billion, and billion, respectively, of callable securities at fair value. 
 
 5. 
 Commercial real estate Commercial construction Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer (2) Gross loans before unamortized premiums, unearned discounts and deferred fees and costs Allowance for loan losses (1) ) ) Unamortized premiums, net of unearned discounts and deferred fees, net of costs ) ) Loans after the allowance for loan losses, unamortized premiums, unearned discounts and deferred fees and costs 
 127 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 There are no other loan categories that exceed 10 of total loans not already reflected in the preceding table. 
 The Company s lending activities are conducted principally in the New England area with the exception of its Shared National Credit Program SNC Program portfolio and certain purchased loans. The Company participates in the SNC Program in an effort to improve its industry and geographical diversification. The SNC Program portfolio is included in the Company s commercial and industrial portfolio. The SNC Program portfolio is defined as loan syndications with exposure over million and with three or more lenders participating. 
 Most loans originated by the Company are either collateralized by real estate or other assets or guaranteed by federal and local governmental authorities. The ability and willingness of the single-family residential and consumer borrowers to honor their repayment commitments is generally dependent on the level of overall economic activity within the borrowers geographic areas and real estate values. The ability and willingness of commercial real estate, commercial and industrial, and construction loan borrowers to honor their repayment commitments is generally dependent on the health of the real estate economy in the borrowers geographic areas and the general economy. 
 Loans Pledged as Collateral 
 The carrying value of loans pledged to secure advances from the FHLBB were billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The balance of funds borrowed from the FHLBB were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The carrying value of loans pledged to secure advances from the Federal Reserve Bank FRB were billion and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were funds borrowed from the FRB outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Serviced Loans 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, mortgage loans partially or wholly-owned by others and serviced by the Company amounted to approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Purchased Loans 
 The Company began purchasing mortgage loans during the year ended December 31, 2022. Loans purchased were subject to the same underwriting criteria as those loans originated directly by the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased million of residential real estate loans. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses is established to provide for management s estimate of expected lifetime credit losses on loans measured at amortized cost at the balance sheet date and is established through a provision for loan losses charged to net income. Charge-offs, net of recoveries, are charged directly to the allowance for loan losses. Commercial and residential loans are charged-off in the period in which they are deemed uncollectible. Delinquent loans in these product types are subject to ongoing review and analysis to determine if a charge-off in the current period is appropriate. For consumer loans, policies and procedures exist that require charge-off consideration upon a certain triggering event depending on the product type. 
 128 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (1) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (release) ) ) Ending balance (2) 
 (1) Represents the adjustment needed to reflect the cumulative day one impact pursuant to the Company s adoption of ASU 2016-13 (i.e., cumulative effect adjustment related to the adoption of ASU 2016-13 as of January 1, 2022). The adjustment represents a million increase to the allowance attributable to the change in accounting methodology for estimating the allowance for loan losses resulting from the Company s adoption of the standard. The adjustment also includes the adjustment needed to reflect the day one reclassification of the Company s PCI loan balances to PCD and the associated gross-up of million, pursuant to the Company s adoption of ASU 2016-13. 
 (2) The balance of accrued interest receivable excluded from amortized cost and the calculation of the allowance for loan losses amounted to million at December 31, 2022. 
 The allowance for loan losses increased by million to million at December 31, 2022 from million at December 31, 2021 and the allowance for loans losses as a percentage of total loans reserve rate increased by basis points to at December 31, 2022 from at December 31, 2021. The increase was partially due to the million transition adjustment recorded upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 which is further described above. The transition adjustment increased the allowance for loan losses to million as of January 1, 2022 which resulted in an increase in the allowance for loans losses as a percentage of total loans reserve rate to at that time based upon loan balances as of December 31, 2021. Subsequently, the allowance for loan losses increased by million as of December 31, 2022 and the reserve rate increased basis points to at December 31, 2022. The increase in the reserve amount subsequent to the transition adjustment was primarily due to increased loan balances. The increase in the reserve rate subsequent to the transition adjustment was primarily due to changes in macroeconomic conditions. Management used the Oxford Economics Baseline forecast the forecast for each respective date in determining its estimate of current expected credit losses. The forecast at December 31, 2022 assumed a high likelihood of the U.S. economy entering a recession in the second quarter of 2023 while the forecast at December 31, 2021 assumed more stable economic conditions based upon facts and circumstances observed by management at that time. As a result of the more adverse forecasted economic conditions as of December 31, 2022, management determined that an increase to the reserve rate was appropriate. 
 Reserve for Unfunded Commitments 
 Management evaluates the need for a reserve on unfunded lending commitments in a manner consistent with loans held for investment. Upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2022, the Company recorded a transition adjustment related to the reserve for unfunded lending commitments of million, resulting in a total reserve for unfunded lending commitments of million as of January 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s reserve for unfunded lending commitments was million which is recorded within other liabilities. 
 Portfolio Segmentation 
 129 

130 

in exposure, an annual review is conducted which includes the review of the business score and loan and deposit account performance. The Company supplements performance data with current business credit scores for the business banking portfolio on a quarterly basis. Unrated commercial and business banking loans are generally restricted to commercial exposure of less than million. Loans included in this category generally are not required to provide regular financial reporting or regular covenant monitoring. 
 For purposes of estimating the allowance for loan losses, unrated loans are considered in the same manner as pass rated loans. 
 1-10 Risk Rating Pass 
 Loans with a risk rating of 1-10 are classified as Pass and are comprised of loans that range from substantially risk free which indicates borrowers of unquestioned credit standing, well-established national companies with a very strong financial condition, and loans fully secured by policy conforming cash levels, through low pass which indicates acceptable rated loans that may be experiencing weak cash flow, impending lease rollover or minor liquidity concerns. 
 11 Risk Rating Special Mention (Potential Weakness) 
 Loans to borrowers in this category exhibit potential weaknesses or downward trends deserving management s close attention. While potentially weak, no loss of principal or interest is envisioned. Included in this category are borrowers who are performing as agreed, are weak when compared to industry standards, may be experiencing an interim loss and may be in declining industries. An element of asset quality, financial flexibility or management is below average. The Company does not consider borrowers within this category as new business prospects. Borrowers rated special mention may find it difficult to obtain alternative financing from traditional bank sources. 
 12 Risk Rating Substandard (Well-Defined Weakness) 
 Loans with a risk-rating of 12 exhibit well-defined weaknesses that, if not corrected, may jeopardize the orderly liquidation of the debt. A loan is classified as substandard if it is inadequately protected by the repayment capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged. Specifically, repayment under market rates and terms, or by the requirements under the existing loan documents, is in jeopardy, but no loss of principal or interest is envisioned. There is a possibility that a partial loss of principal and/or interest will occur in the future if the deficiencies are not corrected. Loss potential, while existing in the aggregate portfolio of substandard assets, does not have to exist in individual assets classified as substandard. Non-accrual is possible, but not mandatory, in this class. 
 131 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total commercial real estate Commercial construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total commercial construction Business banking Pass Special Mention 
 132 

Doubtful Loss Total business banking Residential real estate Current and accruing 30-89 days past due and accruing Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing Non-accrual Total residential real estate Consumer home equity Current and accruing 30-89 days past due and accruing Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing Non-accrual Total consumer home equity Other consumer Current and accruing 30-89 days past due and accruing Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing Non-accrual Total other consumer Total 
 (1) The amounts presented represent the amortized cost as of December 31, 2022 of revolving loans that were converted to term loans during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans are included within the unrated category of the commercial and industrial and business banking portfolios in the table above. Commercial and industrial PPP and business banking PPP loans amounted to million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. The Company does not have an allowance for loan losses for PPP loans as they are 100 guaranteed by the SBA. 
 Asset Quality 
 The Company manages its loan portfolio with careful monitoring. As a general rule, loans more than 90 days past due with respect to principal and interest are classified as non-accrual loans. Exceptions may be made if management believes that collateral held by the Company is clearly sufficient and in full satisfaction of both principal and interest. The Company may also use discretion regarding other loans over days delinquent if the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. Non-accrual loans and loans that are more than days past due but still accruing interest are considered non-performing loans. 
 Non-accrual loans may be returned to an accrual status when principal and interest payments are no longer delinquent, and the risk characteristics of the loan have improved to the extent that there no longer exists a concern as to the collectability of principal and interest. Loans are considered past due based upon the number of days delinquent according to their contractual terms. 
 A loan is expected to remain on non-accrual status until it becomes current with respect to principal and interest, the loan is liquidated, or the loan is determined to be uncollectible and is charged-off against the allowance for loan losses. 
 133 

Commercial real estate Commercial construction Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer Total 
 As of December 31, 2021 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 or More Days Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Loans (In thousands) Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial construction Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer Total 
 Commercial real estate Commercial construction Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer Total non-accrual loans 
 (1) The amounts presented represent the recorded investment balance of loans as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) DPD indicated in the table above refers to days past due. 
 (3) The loans on non-accrual status and without an ACL as of December 31, 2022, were primarily comprised of collateral dependent loans for which the fair value of the underlying loan collateral exceeded the loan carrying value. 
 134 

million. 
 For collateral-dependent commercial loans, the amount of the allowance for loan losses is individually assessed based upon the fair value of the collateral. Various types of collateral are used, including real estate, inventory, equipment, accounts receivable, securities and cash, among others. For commercial real estate loans, the Company relies primarily upon third-party valuation information from certified appraisers and values are generally based upon recent appraisals of the underlying collateral, brokers opinions based upon recent sales of comparable properties, estimated equipment auction or liquidation values, income capitalization, or a combination of income capitalization and comparable sales. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had collateral-dependent commercial loans totaling million and million, respectively. 
 Appraisals for all loan types are obtained at the time of loan origination as part of the loan approval process and are updated at the time of a loan modification and/or refinance and as considered necessary by management for impairment review purposes. In addition, appraisals are updated as required by regulatory pronouncements. 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no residential real estate held in other real estate owned OREO ). As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in-process. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings TDR 
 As described previously in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in cases where a borrower experiences financial difficulty and the Company makes certain concessionary modifications to contractual terms, the loan is classified as a TDR. The process through which management identifies loans as TDR loans, the methodology employed to record any loan losses, and the calculation of any shortfall on collateral dependent loans, is also described within Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 In response to the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has granted loan modifications to allow deferral of payments for borrowers negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Modifications granted to customers allowed for full payment deferrals (principal and interest) or deferral of only principal payments. These modifications with active deferrals met the criteria of either Section 4013 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act or the Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus (Revised) at the time of such modification, and therefore are not deemed TDRs. Additionally, loans that are performing in accordance with the contractual terms of the modification are not reflected as being past due and therefore are not impacting non-accrual or delinquency totals as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company continued to accrue interest on these COVID-19 modified loans and evaluated the deferred interest for collectability as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The Consolidated Appropriations Act, which was enacted on December 27, 2020, extended certain provisions related to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States (which were due to expire) and provided additional emergency relief to individuals and businesses. Included within the provisions of the Consolidated Appropriations Act was the extension to January 1, 2022 of Section 4013 of the CARES Act, which provided relief from a requirement to evaluate loans that had received a COVID-19 modification to determine if the loans required TDR treatment, provided certain criteria were met. As such, the Company applied the TDR relief granted pursuant to such section to any qualifying loan modification executed during the allowable time period. 
 The Company s policy is to have any TDR loan which is on non-accrual status prior to being modified remain on non-accrual status for approximately six months subsequent to being modified before management considers its return to accrual status. If the TDR loan is on accrual status prior to being modified, it is reviewed to determine if the modified loan should remain on accrual status. 
 135 

Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer Total 
 As of December 31, 2021 TDRs on Accrual Status TDRs on Non-accrual Status Total TDRs Number of Loans Balance of Loans Number of Loans Balance of Loans Number of Loans Balance of Loans (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer Total (1) 
 (1) The amounts presented in the table above represent the recorded investment balance of loans as of December 31, 2021. 
 The amount of allowance for loan losses associated with the TDRs was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were additional commitments to lend to borrowers who have been party to a TDR as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 136 

Commercial real estate Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer Total 
 (1) The post-modification balances represent the balance of the loan on the date of modification. These amounts may show an increase when modification includes capitalization of interest. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding recorded investment of loans that were new TDR loans during the period was million and million, respectively. The difference between such balances reported on an amortized cost basis and recorded investment basis at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 was not significant. 
 Extended maturity and interest only/principal deferred Covenant modification Interest only/principal deferred Adjusted interest rate and extended maturity Extended maturity Court-ordered concession Other Total 
 137 

Total 
 (1) This table does not reflect any TDRs which were fully charged off, paid off, or otherwise settled during the period. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts were charged-off on TDRs modified in the prior 12 months. During the year ended December 31, 2020, there were million in charge-offs on TDRs modified in the prior 12 months. 
 Loan Participations 
 The Company occasionally purchases commercial loan participations, or participates in syndications through the SNC Program. These participations meet the same underwriting, credit and portfolio management standards as the Company s other loans and are applied against the same criteria to determine the allowance for loan losses as other loans. 
 Commercial real estate Commercial construction Business banking Total loan participations 

6. 
 138 

Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries (Release of) Provision ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The following table bifurcates the amount of loans and the allowance for loan losses allocated to each loan category based on the type of impairment analysis as of December 31, 2021: 
 As of December 31, 2021 Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Commercial Construction Business Banking Residential Real Estate Consumer Home Equity Other Consumer Other Total (In thousands) Allowance for loan losses ending balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Acquired with deteriorated credit quality Collectively evaluated for impairment Total allowance for loan losses by group Loans ending balance: Individually evaluated for impairment Acquired with deteriorated credit quality Collectively evaluated for impairment Total loans by group 
 139 

Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total 
 PPP loans are included within the unrated category of the commercial and industrial and business banking portfolios in the table above. Commercial and industrial PPP and business banking PPP loans amounted to million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2021. The Company does not have an allowance for loan losses for PPP loans as they are 100 guaranteed by the SBA. 
 Impaired Loans 
 Under previous accounting guidance, impaired loans consisted of all loans for which management had determined it was probable that the Company would be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreements. Factors considered by management in determining impairment included payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. 
 The Company measured impairment of loans using a discounted cash flow method, the loan s observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan was collateral dependent. The Company defined the population of impaired loans to include certain non-accrual loans, TDR loans, and residential and home equity loans that had been partially charged off. 
 140 

Commercial real estate Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer Sub-total With an allowance recorded: Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer Sub-total Total 
 The following table displays information regarding interest income recognized on impaired loans, by portfolio, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Average Recorded Investment Total Interest Recognized Average Recorded Investment Total Interest Recognized (In thousands) With no allowance recorded: Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer Sub-total With an allowance recorded: Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Business banking Residential real estate Consumer home equity Other consumer Sub-total Total 
 141 

Carrying amount 
 Under previous accounting guidance, the excess of cash flows expected to be collected over the carrying amount of the loans, referred to as the accretable yield, was accreted into interest income over the life of the loans using the effective yield method. Acquisition Accretion ) ) Other change in expected cash flows ) ) Reclassification from non-accretable difference for loans with improved cash flows Balance at end of period 
 The estimate of cash flows expected to be collected was regularly re-assessed subsequent to acquisition. A decrease in expected cash flows in subsequent periods may have indicated that the loan was impaired which would require the establishment of an allowance for loan losses by a charge to the provision for loan losses. An increase in expected cash flows in subsequent periods served, first, to reduce any previously established allowance for loan losses by the increase in the present value of cash flows expected to be collected, and resulted in a recalculation of the amount of accretable yield for the loan. The adjustment of accretable yield due to an increase in expected cash flows was accounted for as a change in estimate. The additional cash flows expected to be collected were reclassified from the non-accretable difference to the accretable yield, and the amount of periodic accretion was adjusted accordingly over the remaining life of the loans. 
 
 7. 
 N/A Buildings - 
 Equipment - 
 Leasehold improvements - 
 Total cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Premises and equipment used in operations, net Premises and equipment held for sale Net premises and equipment (1) 
 (1) In connection with the Company s acquisition of Century, the Company acquired million in premises and equipment. 
 The Company recorded depreciation expense related to premises and equipment of million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, no properties were transferred to held for sale. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold properties, of which were acquired in connection with the Company s acquisition of Century. The properties sold during year ended December 31, 2022 were included in premises and equipment 
 142 

million. In connection with these sales, the Company recognized a gain on sale of million, which is included in other non-interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 million, which included branch locations, of which were acquired in connection with the Company s acquisition of Century. The Company recorded a million loss, representing estimated costs to sell, on properties transferred to held for sale during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold properties, of which were acquired in connection with the Company s acquisition of Century and of which was included in premises held for sale as of December 31, 2020. The aggregate proceeds from sales of premises and equipment were million during the year ended December 31, 2021. In connection with these sales, the Company recognized significant gain or loss. No premises and equipment was transferred to held for sale or sold during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 8. 
 year to years. Operating lease liabilities and ROU assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based upon the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. Operating lease liabilities are recorded within other liabilities and ROU assets are recorded within other assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Lease liabilities 
 Finance leases are not material. Finance lease liabilities are recorded within other liabilities and finance ROU assets are recorded within other assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Finance lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company made million, million, and million in cash payments for operating and finance leases, respectively. 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 143 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: amount representing interest Present value of future minimum lease payments 
 Lease Modifications and Terminations: 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, management determined not to exercise a future lease term extension option related to leases, which had previously been included in its determination of future lease payments, to exercise a future lease term extension option related to leases, which had not previously been included in its determination of future lease payments, and to terminate leases. Accordingly, the Company remeasured the present value of the future lease payments related to such leases which resulted in a net reduction of the lease liabilities and a corresponding net reduction of the lease ROU assets of million. In connection with the lease terminations, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, management made the decision to terminate leases, of which was acquired in connection with the Company s acquisition of Century. Accordingly, the Company remeasured the ROU assets and lease liabilities which resulted in acceleration of the ROU asset amortization. The additional amortization recorded as a result of the acceleration was million during the year ended December 31, 2021. These leases were terminated during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Lease Abandonments: 
 As of December 31, 2021, management made the decision to close leased locations. Management performed an analysis pursuant to ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment, ASC 360 and determined that such closures represented lease abandonments. As a result of that analysis, the Company recognized an impairment charge on these leases of million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no lease abandonments. 
 Sub-leases: 
 As of December 31, 2021, management made the decision to and was pursuing the sublet of leases, of which were acquired in connection with the Company s acquisition of Century. In connection with this decision, management performed a recoverability analysis pursuant to ASC 360. As a result of that analysis, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no additional lease sublets. 
 144 

9. 
 Balances subject to amortization Insurance agency (1) Core deposits Total other intangible assets Total goodwill and other intangible assets 
 (1) Insurance agency intangible assets include customer list, non-compete agreement and supplier relationship intangible assets. 
 As of December 31, 2021 Banking Business Insurance Agency Business Net Carrying Amount (In thousands) Balances not subject to amortization Goodwill Balances subject to amortization Insurance agency (1) Core deposits Total other intangible assets Total goodwill and other intangible assets 
 (1) Insurance agency intangible assets include customer list, non-compete agreement and supplier relationship intangible assets. 
 145 

Goodwill recorded during the year (1) Goodwill disposed of during the year Balance at end of year 
 (1) The goodwill recorded during the year relates to the acquisition of insurance agencies. For additional information refer to Note 3, Mergers and Acquisitions . 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Banking Business Insurance Agency Business Net Carrying Amount (In thousands) Balance at beginning of year Goodwill recorded during the year (1) Goodwill disposed of during the year Balance at end of year 
 (1) The goodwill recorded during the year relates to the acquisition of Century and insurance agencies. For additional information refer to Note 3, Mergers and Acquisitions . 
 ) ) Core deposits ) ) Total ) ) 
 (1) Insurance agency intangible assets include customer list, non-compete agreement and supplier relationship intangible assets. 
 The Company quantitatively assesses goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis or sooner if an event occurs or circumstances change which might indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. The Company has identified and assigned goodwill to reporting units - the banking business and insurance agency business. The quantitative assessments for both the banking business and insurance agency business were most recently performed as of September 30, 2022. The assessment for the banking business included a market capitalization analysis, as well as a comparison of the banking business s book value to the implied fair value using a pricing multiple of the Company s tangible book value. The assessment for the insurance agency business included a price-to-earnings analysis, as well as an earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA multiplier valuation based upon recent and observed agency mergers and acquisitions. The Company considered the economic conditions for the period including the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic as it pertains to the goodwill above and determined that there was no indication of impairment related to goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company did not record any impairment charges during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 The amortization expense of the Company s intangible assets was million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The total weighted-average original amortization period for intangible assets is years. The Company has estimated the remaining useful life of its insurance agency intangible assets, comprised primarily of customer lists and non- 
 146 

years and years, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total amortization expense 
 Other intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. The Company considered the economic conditions for the period, including the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as it pertains to these intangible assets and determined that there was no indication of impairment related to other intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company did record any impairment charges during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 10. 
 billion, and billion, respectively, from demand deposit and interest checking balances into money market investments. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a balance of million and million, respectively, in overdrafts. Overdrafts are included in loans in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total certificates of deposit 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities with a carrying value of million and billion, respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits and for other purposes required by law. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities pledged as collateral for deposits included Eastern Wealth Management cash accounts and municipal accounts. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company eliminated certain pledging arrangements acquired from Century which resulted in the decrease in securities pledged at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. 
 The FDIC offers insurance coverage on deposits up to the federally insured limit of 250,000. The amount of time deposits equal to or greater than 250,000, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively. 
 Included in the certificates of deposit balances above were million of brokered certificates of deposit at December 31, 2022. 
 147 

11. 
 Escrow deposits of borrowers Interest rate swap collateral funds Long-term FHLB advances Total borrowed funds 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had available and unused borrowing capacity of approximately million and million, respectively, at the Federal Reserve Discount Window. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances Escrow deposits of borrowers Interest rate swap collateral funds Total interest expense on borrowed funds 
 A summary of FHLBB advances by maturities were as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Amount Weighted Average Interest Rate Amount Weighted Average Interest Rate (Dollars in thousands) Within one year Over one year to three years Over three years to five years Over five years Total Federal Home Loan Bank advances (1) 
 (1) The weighted average interest rate of long-term FHLB advances as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was . 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, advances from the FHLBB were secured by stock in the FHLBB, residential real estate loans and commercial real estate loans. The collateral value of residential real estate and commercial real estate loans securing these advances was billion and billion, respectively, at December 31, 2022, and billion and million, respectively, at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had available and unused borrowing capacity with the FHLBB of approximately billion and billion, respectively. 
 As a member of the FHLBB, the Company is required to hold FHLBB stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had investments in the FHLBB of million and million, respectively. At its discretion, the FHLBB may declare dividends on the stock. Included in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income are dividends received of million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 148 

12. 
 Effective income tax rates 
 The Company s provision for income taxes was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company s effective tax rate was and was higher than the effective tax rate of for the prior year ending December 31, 2021. The increase in income tax expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to higher income before income tax expense and an increase in the effective tax rate. The increase in the effective tax rate resulted primarily from a partial release of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to a valuation allowance established as of December 31, 2020 against the Company s charitable contribution carryover deferred tax asset in connection with the Company s 2020 charitable contribution to the Eastern Bank Foundation compared to a release of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Also contributing to the increase in the effective tax rate, was a decrease of the impact on the effective rate related to favorable permanent differences, including investment tax credits and tax-exempt income, resulting from higher income before income tax expense. The increase was partially offset by an increase in tax-exempt income resulting from the Company s acquisition of Century and the release of uncertain tax positions of million in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 State Total current tax expense Deferred tax expense (benefit): Federal ) ) State ) Total deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 Increase (decrease) resulting from: State income tax, net of federal tax benefit Valuation allowance ) ) ) ) Amortization of qualified low-income housing investments Tax credits ) ) ) ) ) ) Tax-exempt income ) ) ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) Actual income tax expense 
 149 

Allowance for loan losses Cash flow hedges Leases Charitable contribution limitation carryover Investment losses Accrued expenses Fixed assets Loan basis difference fair value adjustments Employee benefits PPP loans fee income Other Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Amortization of intangibles Lease obligation Partnerships Trading securities Cash flow hedges Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred income tax assets 
 The Company assesses the realizability of deferred tax assets and whether it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The Company considers projections of future taxable income during the periods in which deferred tax assets and liabilities are scheduled to reverse. Additionally, in determining the availability of operating loss carrybacks and other tax attributes, both projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies are considered in making this assessment. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had established a valuation allowance of million related to the million stock donation and the million cash contribution to the Eastern Bank Foundation. Based upon the level of available historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods for which the deferred tax assets are realizable, a release of million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, management made a similar determination and, accordingly, recorded a release of million during the year then ended. As of December 31, 2022, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the entirety of its net deferred tax assets. 
 Management performed an evaluation of the Company s uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and determined that liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of million and million, respectively, was needed related to state tax positions. The decrease was primarily due to a reversal of million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 150 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions related to settlements with taxing authorities Reductions as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations ) Ending 
 The amount that would reduce the effective tax rate, if recognized, is million. The reduction in the effective tax rate is inclusive of the federal benefit for unrecognized state tax benefits, and accrued interest and penalties. The entire balance of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would favorably affect the Company s effective income tax rate. The Company recognizes penalties and accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. Accrued penalties and interest amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in accrued penalties and interest for the current year impacted the Consolidated Statements of Income as a component of income tax expense by million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million of unrecognized state tax benefits and million of interest and penalties reversed upon expiration of the statute of limitations for the tax year to which the reserve was related. Management anticipates that approximately million of unrecognized state tax benefits and million of interest and penalties will reverse in 2023 upon expiration of the statute of limitations for the tax year to which the reserve is related. 
 The Company had net operating loss carryforwards for federal or state income tax purposes at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank s federal pre-1988 reserve, for which no federal income tax provision has been made, was approximately million. Under current federal law, these reserves are subject to recapture into taxable income, should the Company make non-dividend distributions, make distributions in excess of earnings and profits retained, as defined, or cease to maintain a banking type charter. A deferred tax liability is not recognized for the base year amount unless it becomes apparent that those temporary differences will reverse into taxable income in the foreseeable future. No deferred tax liability has been established as these two events are not expected to occur in the foreseeable future. 
 The Company s primary banking activities are in the states of Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Rhode Island; however, the Company also files additional state corporate income and/or franchise tax returns in states in which the Company has a filing requirement. The methods of filing, and the methods for calculating taxable and apportionable income, vary depending upon the laws of the taxing jurisdiction. 
 The Company is subject to routine audits of its tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and various state taxing authorities. The Company is no longer subject to federal and state income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2019. 
 million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company generated state tax credits from LIHTC investments of less than million. The Company treats the investment tax credits received as a reduction of federal income taxes for the year in which the credit arises using the flow-through method (i.e., the credit flows directly through the statement of income in the year of purchase). For additional information on these investments, refer to 
 151 

13. 
 Average number of common shares outstanding Less: Average unallocated ESOP shares ) ) ) Average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate basic earnings per common share Common stock equivalents - restricted stock awards and units Average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate diluted earnings per common share Earnings per common share Basic Diluted 
 
 14. 
 years. The return on these investments is generally generated through tax credits and tax losses. In addition to LIHTC projects, the Company invests in new market tax credit projects that qualify for CRA credits and eligible projects that qualify for renewable energy and historic tax credits. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, in tax credit investments that were included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 When permissible, the Company accounts for its investments in LIHTC projects using the proportional amortization method, under which it amortizes the initial cost of the investment in proportion to the amount of the tax credits and other tax benefits received and recognizes that amortization as a component of income tax expense. The net investment in the housing projects is included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company will continue to use the proportional amortization method on any new qualifying LIHTC investments. 
 Commitments to fund qualified affordable housing projects included in recorded investment noted above 
 
 152 

Amortization expense included in income tax expense 
 
 The Company accounts for certain other investments in renewable energy projects using the equity method of accounting. These investments in renewable energy projects are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were outstanding commitments related to these investments as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, in reviewing its tax credit equity investments for impairment, the Company identified an immaterial correction to the investment balances related to prior periods. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company wrote off million of the tax credit equity investment balances as a component of noninterest expense and other assets to reflect the remaining benefits from these investments. Management evaluated the correction in relation to the year ended December 31, 2020, which is when the correction was recorded, as well as the preceding periods in which it originated. Management believes this correction is immaterial to both the previous consolidated quarterly and annual financial statements. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company performed a similar review and, accordingly, recorded a net recovery of an impairment of million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Management evaluated the correction in relation to such periods during which the correction was recorded, as well as the preceding periods in which it originated. Management believes the correction is immaterial to the previous consolidated quarterly and annual financial statements. The Company did record any net recovery or a write-down related to impairment of tax credit equity investment balances during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 15. 
 shares, or of the Company s then-outstanding shares of common stock over a period. The program was limited to million through November 30, 2022. The Company completed the repurchase of the total number of shares authorized through this program during the third quarter of 2022. 
 On September 7, 2022, the Company announced receipt of a notice of non-objection from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a new share repurchase program. The program, which authorizes the purchase of up to shares, or of the Company s then-outstanding shares of common stock over a period, is limited to million through August 31, 2023. 
 Repurchases are made at management s discretion from time to time at prices management considers to be attractive and in the best interests of both the Company and its shareholders, subject to the availability of shares, general market conditions, the trading price of the shares, alternative uses for capital, and the Company s financial performance. Repurchases may be suspended, terminated or modified by the Company at any time for any reason. 
 153 

January 1, 2022 January 31, 2022 
 February 1, 2022 February 28, 2022 
 March 1, 2022 March 31, 2022 
 April 1, 2022 - April 30, 2022 May 1, 2022 - May 31, 2022 June 1, 2022 - June 30, 2022 July 1, 2022 - July 31, 2022 August 1, 2022 - August 31, 2022 September 1, 2022 - September 30, 2022 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 
 Dividends 
 Three Months Ended June 30, 2022 Three Months Ended September 30, 2022 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 Three Months Ended March 31, 2021 Three Months Ended June 30, 2021 Three Months Ended September 30, 2021 Three Months Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 16. 
 154 

8 10 Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 4.5 6.5 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 6 8 Tier 1 capital (to average assets) leverage 4 5 As of December 31, 2021 Total regulatory capital (to risk-weighted assets) >8 >10 Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to average assets) leverage 
 The Company is subject to various capital requirements in connection with seller/servicer agreements that have been entered into with secondary market investors. Failure to maintain minimum capital requirements could result in an inability to originate and service loans for the respective investor and, therefore, could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. Management believes that the Company met all capital requirements in connection with seller/servicer agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 155 

17. 
 hours during the year) and interest credits equal to the greater of the -Year Treasury rate for September preceding the current plan year or are added to a participant s account each year. For employees hired prior to November 1, 2020, annual contribution credits generally increase as the participant remains employed with the Company. Employees hired on and after November 1, 2020 receive annual contribution credits equal to of annual compensation, with no future increases. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, since a cash balance plan is a defined benefit plan, the annual retirement benefit payable at normal retirement (age is an annuity, which is the actuarial equivalent of the participant s account balance under the cash balance plan design, plus their frozen benefit under the final average earnings plan design. However, under the Defined Benefit Plan, participants may elect, with the consent of their spouses if they are married, to have the benefits distributed as a lump sum rather than an annuity. The lump sum is equal to the sum of the actuarial equivalent of their frozen benefit under the final average earnings plan design, plus their cash balance account. Under the BEP, benefits are generally only payable as a lump sum, which is equal to the sum of the actuarial equivalent of their frozen benefit under the final average earnings plan design, plus their cash balance account. 
 Pension Plans 
 The Company provides pension benefits for its employees using a noncontributory, qualified defined benefit plan, through membership in the Savings Banks Employees Retirement Association SBERA ). The Company s employees become eligible after attaining age and completing of service. Under the final average earnings plan design, benefits became fully vested after of eligible service for individuals employed on or before October 31, 1989. For individuals employed subsequent to October 31, 1989 and who were already in the Defined Benefit Plan as of November 1, 2020, benefits became fully vested after of eligible service. Under the new cash balance plan design and for employees who were not already in the Defined Benefit Plan as of November 1, 2020, benefits become fully vested after of eligible service. The Company s annual contribution to the plan is based upon standards established by the Pension Protection Act. The contribution is based on an actuarial method intended to provide not only for benefits attributable to service to date, but also for those expected to be earned in the future. SBERA offers a common and collective trust as the underlying investment structure for pension plans participating in the association. The target allocation mix for the common and collective trust portfolio calls for an equity-based investment deployment range of to of total common and collective trust portfolio assets. The remainder of the common and collective trust s portfolio is allocated to fixed income securities with a target range of to and other investments, including global asset allocation and hedge funds, from to . The Trustees of SBERA, through the Association s Investment Committee, select investment managers for the common and collective trust portfolio. A professional investment advisory firm is retained by the Investment Committee to provide allocation analysis, performance measurement and to assist with manager searches. The overall investment objective is to diversify investments across a spectrum of investment types to limit risks from large market swings. The Defined Benefit Plan has a plan year end of October 31. 
 In connection with the Company s acquisition of Century during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired Century s Qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan. At the time of the acquisition, the plan was frozen to new participants, which had occurred in 2006, and all participants in the plan were fully vested. Additionally, all Century employees retained following the acquisition were eligible to join the Company s Defined Benefit Plan to the extent that eligibility requirements were satisfied based upon such employees prior service with Century. 
 The Company has an unfunded Defined Benefit Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan DB SERP that provides certain retired officers with defined pension benefits in excess of qualified plan limits imposed by U.S. federal tax law. The DB SERP has a plan year end of December 31. In connection with the Company s acquisition of Century, the Company acquired Century s Supplemental Executive Insurance/Retirement Plan (the Supplemental Plan ). Upon completion of the acquisition, the Supplemental Plan was merged for accounting purposes only into the Company s DB SERP, but it continues to be administered according to its terms. Further, the plan document of the Century Supplemental Plan contained change in control provisions which became effective upon the Company s acquisition of Century. Accordingly, all participants of the Century Supplemental Plan were deemed to be fully vested upon the closing of the acquisition. 
 156 

Service cost Interest cost Amendments ) ) Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Acquisitions Benefits paid ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of the year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Acquisitions Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Overfunded status Reconciliation of funding status: Past service credit Unrecognized net loss ) ) ) Prepaid benefit cost Overfunded status Accumulated benefit obligation Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ), net of tax: Unrecognized past service credit Unrecognized net loss ) ) ) Net amount ) ) 
 In accordance with the Pension Protection Act, the Company was not required to make any contributions to the Defined Benefit Plan for the plan year beginning November 1, 2021. However, the Company made a discretionary contribution to the Defined Benefit Plan of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Similarly, in accordance with the Pension 
 157 

contributions to the Defined Benefit Plan. The Company expects to make contribution during the plan year beginning November 1, 2022. 
 The net actuarial gain of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to an increase in the discount rate assumptions used for determining the benefit obligation which was partially offset by lower returns on plan assets than initially expected. The net actuarial gain of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to higher returns on plan assets than initially expected and an increase in the discount rate assumptions which were partially offset by changes in demographic assumptions and in the participant mortality rate assumption. The net actuarial loss of million during the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to a decrease in the discount rate assumptions used for determining the benefit obligation in that year from the corresponding prior year. 
 Actuarial Assumptions 
 Rate of increase in compensation levels Interest rate credit for determining projected cash balance 
 Rate of compensation increase Expected rate of return on plan assets Interest rate credit for determining projected cash balance 
 BEP For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate - benefit cost Rate of compensation increase Interest rate credit for determining projected cash balance 
 DB SERP For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate - benefit cost 
 ODRCP For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate - benefit cost Rate of compensation increase 
 In general, the Company has selected its assumptions with respect to the expected long-term rate of return based on prevailing yields on high quality fixed income investments increased by a premium for equity return expectations. 
 158 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Investments held by the common collective trust include Level 1, 2 and 3 assets such as: collective funds, equity securities, mutual funds, hedge funds and short-term investments. The Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the FASB ASC stipulates that an asset s fair value measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. As such, the Company classifies its interest in the common collective trust as a Level 3 asset. 
 Net realized and unrealized gains and (losses) ) Contributions Benefits paid ) ) Acquisition Balance at end of year 
 Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Past service credit ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss Settlements (1) Net periodic benefit cost 
 Service costs for the Defined Benefit Plan, the BEP, and the DB SERP are recognized within salaries and employee benefits in the consolidated statement of income. Service costs for the ODRCP are recognized within professional services in the consolidated statement of income. The remaining components of net periodic benefit cost are recognized in other noninterest expense in the consolidated statement of income. 
 Pension Settlement 
 As a practical expedient, ASC 715, Compensation Retirement Benefits, permits employers to not apply pension plan settlement accounting and to treat settlement transactions as normal benefit payments if the cost of all settlements in the year is less than or equal to the sum of the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost. The Company has elected this practical expedient. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, lump sum payments from the Defined Benefit Plan exceeded the sum of the service cost and interest cost components (the threshold of the Defined Benefit Plan s net periodic pension cost. ASC 715-20, Compensation-Retirement Benefits - Defined Benefit Plans, requires that upon determining it is probable that such 
 159 

million which was recorded in other noninterest expense in the consolidated statement of income . 
 Benefits expected to be paid 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 In aggregate for 2028-2032 
 Employee Tax Deferred Incentive Plan 
 The Company has an employee tax deferred incentive plan, otherwise known as a 401(k) plan, under which the Company makes voluntary contributions within certain limitations. All employees who meet specified age and length of service requirements are eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan. The amount contributed by the Company is included in salaries and employee benefits expense. The amounts contributed to the plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, were million, million and million, respectively. 
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
 As part of the IPO completed on October 14, 2020, the Company established a tax-qualified Employee Stock Ownership Plan to provide eligible employees the opportunity to own Company shares. The ESOP borrowed million from the Company to purchase common shares during the IPO and in the open market. The loan is payable in annual installments over years at an interest rate equal to the Prime rate as published in the The Wall Street Journal . As the loan is repaid to the Company, shares are released and allocated proportionally to eligible participants on the basis of each participant s proportional share of compensation relative to the compensation of all participants. The unallocated ESOP shares are pledged as collateral on the loan. 
 The Company accounts for its ESOP in accordance with FASB ASC 718-40, " Compensation Stock Compensation" . Under this guidance, unreleased shares are deducted from shareholders equity as unearned ESOP shares in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recognizes compensation expense equal to the fair value of the ESOP shares during the periods in which they are committed to be released. To the extent that the fair value of the Company s ESOP shares differs from the cost of such shares, the difference will be credited or debited to equity. As the loan is internally leveraged, the loan receivable from the ESOP to the Company is not reported as an asset nor is the debt of the ESOP shown as a liability in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Dividends on unallocated shares are used to pay the ESOP debt. 
 Total compensation expense recognized in connection with the ESOP was million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to million and million recognized during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The ESOP made a loan payment during the year ended December 31, 2022 of million, of which million was allocated to the principal portion of the payment and million was allocated to the interest portion of the payment. The ESOP made a loan payment during the year ended December 31, 2021 of million, of which million was allocated to the principal portion of the payment and million was allocated to the interest portion of the payment. The ESOP made an upfront principal payment of million on the loan during year ended year ended December 31, 2020 which resulted in the release and allocation of shares and compensation expense of million. The Company recorded additional compensation expense of million related to the accrual of the loan payment during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The number of shares committed to be released per year is through 2049 and in the year 2050. 
 160 

Shares committed to be released Unallocated shares (suspense shares) Total shares Fair value of unallocated shares 
 Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 The Company s DC SERP, a defined contribution supplemental executive retirement plan, allows certain senior officers to earn benefits calculated as a percentage of their compensation. The participant benefits are adjusted based upon a deemed investment performance of measurement funds selected by the participant. These measurement funds are for tracking purposes and are used only to track the performance of a mutual fund, market index, savings instrument, or other designated investment or portfolio of investments. The Company recorded expense related to the DC SERP of million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The total amount due to participants under this plan was included in other liabilities on the Company s balance sheets and amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Effective December 31, 2021, the Company closed the DC SERP to new participants and froze benefit accruals for active participants. 
 Deferred Compensation Plans 
 The Company sponsors plans which allow for elective compensation deferrals by directors, former trustees, and certain senior-level employees. Each plan allows its participants to designate deemed investments for deferred amounts from certain options which include diversified choices, such as exchange traded funds and mutual funds. Portfolios with various risk profiles are available to participants with the approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Company purchases and sells investments which track the deemed investment choices, so that it has available funds to meet its payment liabilities. Deferred amounts, adjusted for deemed investment performance, are paid at the time of a participant designated date or event, such as separation from service, death, or disability. The total amounts due to participants under the plans were included in other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets and amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Rabbi Trust Variable Interest Entity 
 The Company established rabbi trusts to meet its obligations under certain executive non-qualified retirement benefits and deferred compensation plans and to mitigate the expense volatility of the aforementioned retirement plans. The rabbi trusts are considered a VIEs as the equity investment at risk is insufficient to permit the trusts to finance their activities without additional subordinated financial support from the Company. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of the rabbi trusts as it has the power to direct the activities of the rabbi trusts that significantly affect the rabbi trusts economic performance and it has the obligation to absorb losses of the rabbi trusts that could potentially be significant to the rabbi trusts by virtue of its contingent call options on the rabbi trusts assets in the event of the Company s bankruptcy. As the primary beneficiary of these VIEs, the Company consolidates the rabbi trust investments. In general, the rabbi trust investments and any earnings received thereon are accumulated, reinvested and used exclusively for trust purposes. These rabbi trust investments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, U.S. government agency obligations, equity securities, mutual funds and other exchange-traded funds, and are recorded at fair value in other assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in fair value are recorded in noninterest income. 
 161 

BEP ODRCP DC SERP Deferred compensation plans Total rabbi trust assets 
 The following tables present the book value, net unrealized gain or loss, and market value of assets held in rabbi trust accounts by asset type: 
 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Book Value Unrealized Gain/(Loss) Fair Value Book Value Unrealized Gain Fair Value Asset Type (In thousands) Cash and cash equivalents Equities (1) Fixed income ) Total assets 
 (1) Equities include mutual funds and other exchange-traded funds. 
 The Company had equity securities held in rabbi trust accounts of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included in the equity securities presented in the tables above are exchange-traded mutual funds which had a net asset value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Share-Based Compensation Plan 
 On November 29, 2021, the shareholders of the Company approved the Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan provides for the issuance of up to shares of common stock pursuant to grants of restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ), non-qualified stock options and incentive stock options, any or all of which can be granted with performance-based vesting conditions. Under the 2021 Plan, shares may be issued as restricted stock or RSUs, including those issued as performance shares and performance share units PSUs ), and shares may be issued upon the exercise of stock options. These shares may be awarded from the Company s authorized but unissued shares. However, the 2021 Plan permits the grant of additional awards of restricted stock or RSUs above the aforementioned limit, provided that, for each additional share of restricted stock or RSU awarded in excess of such limit, the pool of shares available to be issued upon the exercise of stock options will be reduced by shares. Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Plan, each of the Company s non-employee directors were automatically granted awards of restricted stock on November 30, 2021. Such restricted stock awards vest pro-rata on an annual basis over a period. The maximum term for stock options is . 
 On March 1, 2022, the Company granted to all of the Company s executive officers and certain other employees a total of RSUs, which vest pro-rata on an annual basis over a period of three or , and a total of PSUs, for which vesting is contingent upon the Compensation Committee of the Board of Director s certification, after the conclusion of a period, that the Company has attained a threshold level of certain performance criteria over such period. On May 17, 2022, the Company granted a total of shares of restricted stock to the Company s non-employee directors which vest after approximately from the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares and shares that remained available for issuance as restricted stock or RSU awards, respectively, and shares that remain available for issuance upon the exercise of stock options at both dates. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock options had been awarded under the 2021 Plan. 
 162 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested restricted stock at end of year 
 The following table summarizes the Company s restricted stock unit activity for the periods indicated: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Restricted Stock Units Number of Shares Weighted-Average Grant Price Per Share Number of Shares Weighted-Average Grant Price Per Share Non-vested restricted stock at beginning of year Granted Forfeited ) Non-vested restricted stock at end of year 
 Granted Non-vested restricted stock at end of year 
 As of December 31, 2022, RSU or PSU awards had vested. As of December 31, 2021, awards had vested. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, share-based compensation expense under the 2021 Plan and the related tax benefit totaled million and less than million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, share-based compensation expense under the 2021 Plan and the related tax benefit totaled million and less than million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock granted and issued under the 2021 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, this cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of approximately years. As of December 31, 2021, this cost was expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of approximately years. 
 163 

18. 
 Standby letters of credit Forward commitments to sell loans 
 Other Contingencies 
 The Company has been named a defendant in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Set out below are descriptions of significant legal matters involving the Company and its subsidiaries. In the opinion of management, and taking into account the advice of legal counsel, the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will not have a material effect on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In the second quarter of 2021, the Company entered into a preliminary settlement of purported class action matters concerning overdraft and nonsufficient funds fees. The matters were filed in the Massachusetts Superior Court in November 2019 and April 2021, respectively, and were consolidated into one matter for final settlement purposes. The matters were settled during the first quarter of 2022 and the total settlement expense, including related costs, was million. The Company incurred no costs in 2022 related to these matters as the total settlement expense had been accrued in 2021 when management determined the loss contingency to be both probable and estimable. The Company s regulators conducted inquiries and reviewed data related to one of these class action matters and, in February 2022, made an additional request for data and notified management that they may require additional restitution for certain matters associated with the nonsufficient funds fees matter. Based on this discussion, management believed that a loss contingency for this restitution was probable but was not able to determine a reasonable estimate for the loss. However, later during the first quarter of 2022, the Company was informed by its regulators that no additional remediation on this issue would be required. As a result, as of December 31, 2022, management no longer believes that a loss contingency for restitution associated with this issue is probable. 
 As a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank is required to maintain certain reserves of vault cash and/or deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. However, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Reserve temporarily eliminated reserve requirements and therefore there was minimum reserve requirement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 19. 
 
 164 

) Total ) 
 (1) The fair value included a net accrued interest payable balance of million as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the fair value includes netting adjustments which represent the amounts recorded to convert derivative assets and liabilities cleared through the CME from a gross basis to a net basis in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any active interest rate swaps which qualified as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. 
 The maximum amount of time over which the Company is currently hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows of forecasted transactions related to the receipt of variable interest on existing financial instruments is . 
 The Company expects approximately million will be reclassified into interest income, as a reduction of such income, from other comprehensive income related to the Company s active cash flow hedges in the next 12 months as of December 31, 2022. The reclassification is due to anticipated net payments on the swaps based upon the forward curve as of December 31, 2022. 
 Due to the phase-out, and eventual discontinuation, of the LIBOR, central clearinghouses have begun to transition to alternative rates for valuation purposes. As of October 16, 2020, the Company changed its valuation methodology to reflect changes made by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME ), through which the Company clears derivative financial instruments that are eligible for clearing. The changes from the CME changed the discounting methodology and interest calculation of cash margin from Overnight Index Swap to SOFR for U.S. dollar cleared interest rate swaps. The Company believes that its improvements to its valuation methodology will result in valuations for cleared interest rate swaps that better reflect prices obtainable in the markets in which the Company transacts. The changes in valuation methodology are applied prospectively as a change in accounting estimate and are immaterial to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company discontinues cash flow hedge accounting if it is probable that the forecasted hedged transactions will not occur in the initially identified time period. At such time, the associated gains and losses deferred in accumulated other 
 165 

Unrealized gains on terminated hedges arising during the period Reclassification adjustments for amortization of unrealized (gains) into net interest income ) ) ) Unrealized gains on terminated hedges included in AOCI December 31 
 The balance of terminated cash flow hedges in AOCI will be amortized into earnings through January 2023. The Company expects less than million to be reclassified into interest income from other comprehensive income related to the Company s terminated cash flow hedges in the next 12 months as of December 31, 2022. 
 Customer-Related Positions 
 Interest rate swaps offered to commercial customers do not qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. These swaps allow the Company to retain variable rate commercial loans while allowing the commercial customer to synthetically fix the loan rate by entering into a variable-to-fixed rate interest rate swap. The Company believes that its exposure to commercial customer derivatives is limited to non-performance by either the customer or the dealer because these contracts are simultaneously matched at inception with an offsetting transaction. 
 Risk participation agreements are entered into as financial guarantees of performance on interest rate swap derivatives. The purchased (asset) or sold (liability) guarantee allow the Company to participate-out (fee paid) or participate-in (fee received) the risk associated with certain derivative positions executed with the borrower by the lead bank in a customer-related interest rate swap derivative. 
 Foreign exchange contracts consist of those offered to commercial customers and those entered into to hedge the Company s foreign currency risk associated with a foreign-currency loan. Neither qualifies as a hedge for accounting purposes. These commercial customer derivatives are offset with matching derivatives with correspondent-bank counterparties in order to minimize foreign exchange rate risk to the Company. Exposure with respect to these derivatives is largely limited to non-performance by either the customer or the other counterparty. Neither the Company nor the correspondent-bank counterparty are required to post collateral but each has established foreign-currency transaction limits to manage the exposure risk. The Company requires its customers to post collateral to minimize risk exposure. 
 Risk participation agreements Foreign exchange contracts: Matched commercial customer book Foreign currency loan 
 As of December 31, 2021 Number of Positions Total Notional (Dollars in thousands) Interest rate swaps Risk participation agreements Foreign exchange contracts: Matched commercial customer book Foreign currency loan 
 166 

Other liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Customer-related positions: Interest rate swaps Other assets Other liabilities Risk participation agreements Other assets Other liabilities Foreign currency exchange contracts matched customer book Other assets Other liabilities Foreign currency exchange contracts foreign currency loan Other assets Other liabilities Total 
 167 

Gain reclassified from OCI into interest income (effective portion) 
 Gain recognized in income on derivatives (ineffective portion and amount excluded from effectiveness test) 
 Interest income Other income Total Derivatives not designated as hedges: Customer-related positions: Gain (loss) recognized in interest rate swap income ) Gain (loss) recognized in interest rate swap income for risk participation agreements ) Gain (loss) recognized in other income for foreign currency exchange contracts: 
 Matched commercial customer book ) ) Foreign currency loan ) ) Total gain (loss) for derivatives not designated as hedges ) 
 The Company has agreements with its customer-related interest rate swap derivative counterparties that contain a provision whereby if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. 
 The Company also has agreements with certain of its customer-related interest rate swap derivative correspondent-bank counterparties that contain a provision whereby if the Company fails to maintain its status as a well-capitalized institution, then the counterparty could terminate the derivative positions and the Company would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements. 
 The Company s exposure related to its customer-related interest rate swap derivative consists of exposure on cleared derivative transactions and exposure on non-cleared derivative transactions. 
 Cleared derivative transactions are with CME and exposure is settled to market daily, with additional credit exposure related to initial-margin collateral pledged to CME at trade execution. At December 31, 2022, the Company had exposure to CME for settled variation margin in excess of the customer-related and non-customer-related interest rate swap termination values. At December 31, 2021, the Company had exposure to CME for settled variation margin in excess of the customer-related and non-customer-related interest rate swap termination values of million. In addition, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had posted initial-margin collateral in the form of U.S. Treasury notes amounting to million and million, respectively, to CME for these derivatives. The U.S. Treasury notes were considered restricted assets and were included in available for sale securities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were interest rate swap derivatives with credit-risk contingent features in a net liability position. At December 31, 2021, the fair value of interest rate swap derivatives with credit-risk related contingent features that were in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for non-performance risk, totaled million. The Company has minimum collateral posting thresholds with its customer-related interest rate swap derivative correspondent-bank counterparties to the extent that the Company has a liability position with the correspondent-bank counterparties. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had posted collateral in the form of cash amounting to million and million, respectively, which was considered to be a restricted asset and was included in other short-term investments within the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. If the Company had breached any of these provisions at 
 168 

million and million, respectively, and forward sale commitments of million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded net (losses)/gains related to the change in fair value of commitments to originate and sell mortgage loans of ) million, ) million and million, respectively. The aggregate fair value of the Company s mortgage banking derivative asset and liability as of December 31, 2022 was million and million, respectively. The aggregate fair value of the Company s mortgage banking derivative asset and liability as of December 31, 2021 was million and million, respectively. Mortgage banking derivative assets and liabilities are included in other assets and other liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Residential mortgages sold are generally sold with servicing rights released. Mortgage banking derivatives do not qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. 
 
 20. 
 
 169 

Customer-related positions: Interest rate swaps ) Risk participation agreements Foreign currency exchange contracts matched customer book Foreign currency exchange contracts foreign currency loan ) Derivative Liabilities Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges Customer-related positions: Interest rate swaps Risk participation agreements Foreign currency exchange contracts matched customer book Foreign currency exchange contracts foreign currency loan 
 170 

Risk participation agreements Foreign currency exchange contracts matched customer book Foreign currency exchange contracts foreign currency loan Derivative Liabilities Customer-related positions: Interest rate swaps Risk participation agreements Foreign currency exchange contracts matched customer book Foreign currency exchange contracts foreign currency loan 
 
 21. 
 171 

days or less, their carrying amounts reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets approximate fair value. 
 Securities 
 Securities consisted of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. Agency bonds (including SBA pooled securities), U.S. government-sponsored residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, state and municipal bonds, and other debt securities. AFS securities are recorded at fair value. 
 The Company s U.S. Treasury securities are traded on active markets and therefore these securities were classified as Level 1. 
 The fair value of U.S. Agency bonds, including Small Business Administration pooled securities, were evaluated using relevant trade data, benchmark quotes and spreads obtained from publicly available trade data, and generated on a price, yield or spread basis as determined by the observed market data. Therefore, these securities were categorized as Level 2 given the use of observable inputs. 
 The fair value of U.S. government-sponsored residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities were estimated using either a matrix or benchmarks. The inputs used include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, and issuer spreads. Therefore, these securities were categorized as Level 2 given the use of observable inputs. 
 The fair value of state and municipal bonds were estimated using a valuation matrix with inputs including observable bond interest rate tables, recent transactions, and yield relationships. Therefore, these securities were categorized as Level 2 given the use of observable inputs. 
 The fair value of other debt securities were estimated using a valuation matrix with inputs including observable bond interest rate tables, recent transactions, and yield relationships. Therefore, these securities were categorized as Level 2 given the use of observable inputs. 
 Fair value was based on the value of one unit without regard to any premium or discount that may result from concentrations of ownership of a financial instrument, possible tax ramifications, or estimated transaction costs. The estimated fair value of the Company s securities available for sale, by type, is disclosed in Note 4, Securities. 
 Loans Held for Sale 
 Fair value of loans held for sale, whose carrying amounts approximate fair value, was estimated using the anticipated market price based upon pricing indications provided by investor banks. These assets were classified as Level 2 given the use of observable inputs. 
 Loans 
 The fair value of commercial construction, commercial and industrial lines of credit, and certain other consumer loans was estimated by discounting the contractual cash flows using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. 
 For commercial, commercial real estate, residential real estate, automobile, and consumer home equity loans, fair value was estimated by discounting contractual cash flows adjusted for prepayment estimates using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. 
 The fair value of PPP loans, which are fully guaranteed by the SBA, approximates the carrying amount. 
 Loans are classified as Level 3 since the valuation methodology utilizes significant unobservable inputs. Loans that are deemed to be collateral-dependent, as described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies were recorded at the fair value of the underlying collateral. 
 FHLB Stock 
 The fair value of FHLB stock approximates the carrying amount based on the redemption provisions of the FHLB. These assets were classified as Level 2. 
 172 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no redemption restrictions on these mutual funds at the end of any period presented. 
 Bank-Owned Life Insurance 
 The fair value of bank-owned life insurance was based upon quotations received from bank-owned life insurance dealers. These assets were classified as Level 2 given the use of observable inputs. 
 Deposits 
 The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as noninterest-bearing demand deposits, savings and interest checking accounts, and money market accounts, was equal to their carrying amount. The fair value of time deposits was based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows using current market interest rates. Deposits were classified as Level 2 given the use of observable market inputs. 
 The fair value estimates of deposits do not include the benefit that results from the low-cost funding provided by the deposit liabilities compared to the cost of borrowing funds in the wholesale market (core deposit intangibles). 
 FHLB Advances 
 The fair value of FHLB advances was based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rates used are representative of approximate rates currently offered on instruments with similar remaining maturities. FHLB advances were classified as Level 2. 
 Escrow Deposits of Borrowers 
 The fair value of escrow deposits of borrowers, which have no stated maturity, approximates the carrying amount. Escrow deposits of borrowers were classified as Level 2. 
 Interest Rate Swap Collateral Funds 
 The fair value of interest rate swap collateral funds approximates the carrying amount. Interest rate swap collateral funds were classified as Level 2. 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 The fair value of interest rate swaps was determined using discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of the interest rate swaps. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the interest rate swaps, including the period of maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatility. In addition, for customer-related interest rate swaps, the analysis reflects a credit valuation adjustment to reflect the Company s own non-performance risk and the respective counterparty s non-performance risk in the fair value measurements. The majority of inputs used to value the Company s interest rate swaps fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, but the credit valuation adjustments associated with the interest rate swaps utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparties. However, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the impact of the Level 3 inputs on the overall valuation of the interest rate swaps was deemed insignificant to the overall valuation. As a result, the interest rate swaps were categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 173 

174 

Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities U.S. Agency bonds U.S. Treasury securities State and municipal bonds and obligations Other debt securities Rabbi trust investments Loans held for sale Interest rate swap contracts Cash flow hedges - interest rate positions Customer-related positions Risk participation agreements Foreign currency forward contracts Matched customer book Foreign currency loan Mortgage derivatives Total Liabilities Interest rate swap contracts Cash flow hedges - interest rate positions Customer-related positions Risk participation agreements Foreign currency forward contracts Matched customer book Foreign currency loan Mortgage derivatives Total 
 175 

Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities U.S. Agency bonds U.S. Treasury securities State and municipal bonds and obligations Small Business Administration pooled securities Other debt securities Rabbi trust investments Loans held for sale Interest rate swap contracts Customer-related positions Risk participation agreements Foreign currency forward contracts Matched customer book Foreign currency loan Mortgage derivatives Total Liabilities Interest rate swap contracts Customer-related positions Risk participation agreements Foreign currency forward contracts Matched customer book Foreign currency loan Mortgage derivatives Total 
 There were no transfers to or from Level 1, 2 and 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company held no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

176 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using Description Balance as of December 31, 2021 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (In thousands) Assets Collateral-dependent impaired loans whose fair value is based upon appraisals 
 
 For the valuation of the collateral-dependent loans, the Company relies primarily on third-party valuation information from certified appraisers and values are generally based upon recent appraisals of the underlying collateral, brokers opinions based upon recent sales of comparable properties, estimated equipment auction or liquidation values, income capitalization, or a combination of income capitalization and comparable sales. Depending on the type of underlying collateral, valuations may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic factors and estimated liquidation expenses. The range of these possible adjustments may vary. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses for further discussion regarding the Company s adoption of ASU 2016-13 and the effect of that adoption on the management s process for estimating the allowance for loan losses. 
 Loans for which a reserve was established based upon expected cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate are not deemed to be measured at fair value. 
 177 

Government-sponsored commercial mortgage-backed securities Loans, net of allowance for loan losses FHLB stock Bank-owned life insurance Liabilities Deposits FHLB advances Escrow deposits of borrowers Interest rate swap collateral funds 
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using Carrying Value as of December 31, 2021 Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (In thousands) Assets Loans, net of allowance for loan losses FHLB stock Bank-owned life insurance Liabilities Deposits FHLB advances Escrow deposits of borrowers 
 This summary excludes certain financial assets and liabilities for which the carrying value approximates fair value. For financial assets, these may include cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and short-term investments. For financial liabilities, these may include federal funds purchased. These instruments would all be considered to be classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. Also excluded from the summary are financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis, as previously described. 
 
 22. 
 178 

Service charges on deposit accounts Trust and investment advisory fees Debit card processing fees Other non-interest income Total noninterest income in-scope of ASC 606 Total noninterest (loss) income out-of-scope of ASC 606 ) Total noninterest income 
 Additional information related to each of the revenue streams is further noted below. 
 Insurance Commissions 
 The Company acts as an agent in offering property, casualty, and life and health insurance to both commercial and consumer customers though Eastern Insurance Group. The Company earns a fixed commission rate on the sales of these products and services. The Company may also earn additional commissions from the insurers based upon meeting certain criteria, such as premium levels, growth rates, new business volume and loss experience. The Company recognizes commission revenues when earned based upon the effective date of the policy or when services are rendered. Certain revenues are deferred to reflect delivery of services over the contract period. 
 Commissions are earned on the contract effective date and generally are based upon a percentage of premiums for insurance coverage. Commission rates depend upon a large number of factors, including the type of risk being placed, the particular underwriting enterprise s demand, the expected loss experience of the particular risk coverage, and historical benchmarks surrounding the level of effort necessary for the Company to place and service the insurance contract. The vast majority of the Company s services and revenues are associated with the placement of an insurance contract. Insurance commissions earned but not yet received amounted to million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and were included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 179 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, and were included in other assets. 
 Trust and Investment Advisory Fees 
 The Company offers investment management and trust services to individuals, institutions, small businesses and charitable institutions. Each investment management product is governed by its own contract along with a separate identifiable fee schedule unique to that product. The Company also offers additional services, such as estate settlement, financial planning, tax services, and other special services quoted at the customer s request. 
 The asset management and/or custody fees are primarily based upon a percentage of the monthly valuation of the principal assets in the customer s account. Customers are also charged a base fee which is prorated over a twelve-month period. Fees for additional or special services are generally fixed in nature and are charged as services are rendered. All revenue is recognized in correlation to the monthly management fee determinations or as transactional services are provided. 
 Debit Card Processing Fees 
 The Company provides debit cards to its customers which are authorized and settled through various card payment networks, and in exchange, the Company earns revenue as determined by each payment network s interchange program. Regardless of the network that is utilized to authorize and settle the payment, the merchant that provides the product or service to the debit card holder is ultimately responsible for the interchange payment to the Company. Debit card processing fees are recognized as card transactions are settled within each network. Debit card processing fees earned but not yet received amounted to million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 and were included in other assets. 
 Other Noninterest Income 
 The Company earns various types of other noninterest income that have been aggregated into one general revenue stream in the table noted above. Noninterest income includes, but is not limited to, the following types of revenue with customers: safe deposit rent, ATM surcharge fees and customer checkbook fees. Individually, these sources of noninterest income are not material. 
 180 

23.) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for losses included in net income ) ) Net change in fair value of securities available for sale ) ) Unrealized losses on cash flow hedges: Change in fair value of cash flow hedges (1) 
 ) ) Less: net cash flow hedge gains reclassified into interest income (1) 
 ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) Defined benefit pension plans: Change in actuarial net loss ) Less: amortization of actuarial net loss ) ) Less: Defined Benefit Plan settlement loss ) ) Less: net accretion of prior service credit ) Net change in other comprehensive income for defined benefit pension plans ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Pre Tax Amount Tax Benefit (Expense) After Tax Amount (In thousands) Unrealized (losses) gains on securities available for sale: Change in fair value of securities available for sale ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income ) Net change in fair value of securities available for sale ) ) Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges: Change in fair value of cash flow hedges (1) 
 Less: net cash flow hedge gains reclassified into interest income (1) 
 ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) ) Defined benefit pension plans: Change in actuarial net gain ) Less: amortization of actuarial net loss ) ) Plan amendment - Century acquisition lump sum distribution option ) Less: net accretion of prior service credit ) Net change in other comprehensive income for defined benefit pension plans ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 181 

) Less: reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income ) Net change in fair value of securities available for sale ) Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges: Change in fair value of cash flow hedges (1) 
 ) Less: net cash flow hedge gains reclassified into interest income (1) 
 ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges ) Defined benefit pension plans: Change in actuarial net gain ) ) Less: amortization of actuarial net loss ) ) Plan amendment - prior service credit ) Less: net accretion of prior service credit ) Net change in other comprehensive income for defined benefit pension plans ) Total other comprehensive income ) 
 (1) Includes amortization of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, of the remaining balance of realized but unrecognized gains, net of tax, from the termination of interest rate swaps. The total realized gain of million, net of tax, will be recognized in earnings through January 2023. The balance of this gain had amortized to less than million, million, and million, net of tax, at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 182 

) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Less: Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) Net current-period other comprehensive income Ending balance: December 31, 2020 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Less: Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Ending balance: December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Less: Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Ending balance: December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 183 

(Losses) gains on sales of securities available for sale, net ) Total before tax ) ) Tax benefit or (expense) ) Net of tax Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges Interest income Total before tax ) ) ) Tax expense Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items ) ) ) Net periodic pension cost - see Note 17 Accretion of prior service credit Net periodic pension cost - see Note 17 ) ) ) Total before tax Tax benefit ) ) ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) 

24. 
 
 184 

Provision for allowance for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Total assets ) Total liabilities ) 
 As of and for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Banking Business Insurance Agency Business Other / Eliminations Total (In thousands) Net interest income Release of allowance for loan losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for loan losses Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Total assets ) Total liabilities ) 
 As of and for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Banking Business Insurance Agency Business Other / Eliminations Total (In thousands) Net interest income Provision for allowance for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Total assets ) Total liabilities ) 
 185 

25. 
 Goodwill and other intangibles, net Deferred income taxes, net Investment in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 (1) Includes million and that is eliminated in consolidation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Total income Expenses Professional services Charitable contributions Other Total expenses Loss before income taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) (Loss) income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries ) ) Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Net income 

186 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Issuance of common shares donated to the Eastern Bank Foundation Share-based compensation ESOP expense Change in: Deferred income taxes, net ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities Investment in Eastern Bank ) Cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Return of investments in subsidiary Contributions to other equity investments ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common shares Purchase of shares by ESOP ) Payments for deferred offering costs ) Payment of subordinated debentures assumed in business combination (1) 
 ) Payments for shares repurchased under share repurchase plans ) ) Dividends declared and paid to common shareholders ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 (1) The Company deposited funds into escrow prior to the Century acquisition date to pay the balance of subordinated debentures assumed in the Century acquisition which was considered to be defeasance of the debt. Accordingly, Century recorded a payable to the Company in the amount of the escrow deposit and the Company recorded a receivable from Century in the same amount. The payable was reclassified to other assets upon acquisition and is reflected as such balance in the summary of net assets acquired included in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Subsequent to the closing of the acquisition and prior to December 31, 2021, the amounts placed in escrow were disbursed to the holders of the subordinated debentures resulting in a full pay-off of the outstanding balance of the debt. 
 
 26. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 187 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer along with the Company s Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(c) promulgated under the Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer along with the Company s Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. The Company has not experienced any material impact to the Company s internal controls over financial reporting due to the fact that most of the Company s employees responsible for financial reporting are working remotely and/or hybrid. The Company is continually monitoring and assessing the impact of working remotely and/or hybrid on the Company s internal controls to minimize the impact to their design and operating effectiveness. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment and those criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 , , (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm I.D.: ), the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, is included below: 
 188 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Eastern Bankshares, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Eastern Bankshares, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 24, 2023 
 189 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 190 

PART III. 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the Company s proxy statement relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Definitive Proxy Statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the fiscal year end December 31, 2022 under the headings of Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Corporate Governance Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Shareholders Proposals, Audit Committee Report, Information about our Executive Officers, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, and Corporate Governance Audit Committee. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the Definitive Proxy Statement under the headings of Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation, and Compensation Committee Report. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Except for the information concerning equity compensation plans, the information required herein is incorporated by reference from the Definitive Proxy Statement under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. The following table sets out information as of December 31, 2022, about securities authorized for issuance under the Company s Equity Incentive Plan, which has been approved by shareholders. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,506,001 (2) 23,978,071 (1) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 1,506,001 23,978,071 (1) 
 (1) 26,146,141 shares were reserved for issuance under the Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the terms of such plan, 683,056 shares of restricted stock were granted and issued to the Company s non-employee directors on November 30, 2021. An additional 31,559 shares were issued to the Company s non-employee directors on May 17, 2022. Forfeited shares are returned to the pool of shares available for issuance in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. For more information, see the Share-Based Compensation Plan section in Note 17, Employee Benefits within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Consists of shares of common shares that have been reserved and may be issuable to Company employees upon the settlement of 972,325 restricted stock units and 533,676 performance share units at target payout levels. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the Definitive Proxy Statement under the heading Corporate Governance Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance Director Independence. 
 191 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the Definitive Proxy Statement under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 192 

PART IV. 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 (1) The Consolidated Financial Statements (see Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K): 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Consolidated statements of income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required, or because the required information is shown either in the Consolidated Financial Statements or in the Notes thereto in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (3) The exhibits that are filed as part of this Report are listed below in the Exhibits Index. 
 (b) The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index (following the signatures section of this report) are included in, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (c) All schedules are omitted as the required information is not applicable or the information is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related Notes thereto in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 The following exhibits are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 
 Exhibit No. Description Included with this Form 10-K Incorporated by Reference 
 Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit No. 2.1 Plan of Conversion 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 2 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Eastern Bankshares, Inc., Clarion Acquisition Corp., Century Bancorp, Inc. and Century Bank and Trust Company, dated as of April 7, 2021 
 8-K 001-39610 
 04/08/2021 2.1 3.1 Restated Articles of Organization of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. , effective May 16, 2022 
 10-Q 001-39610 08/05/2022 3.1 3.2 Bylaws of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 
 10-Q 333-239251 09/24/2020 3.2 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 
 S-1/A 333-239251 08/05/2020 4 4.2 Description of Equity Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 10-K 001-39610 03/29/2021 4.2 10.1 Eastern Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.1 10.2 Executive Severance Benefits Agreement with Robert F. Rivers 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.2 10.3 Executive Retention and Severance Benefits Agreement with Quincy L. Miller 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.3 10.4 Change in Control Agreement with Robert F. Rivers, dated June 15, 2020 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.4 10.5 Change in Control Agreement with Quincy L. Miller, dated June 15, 2020 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.5 
 193 

Exhibit No. Description Included with this Form 10-K Incorporated by Reference 
 Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit No. 10.6 Form of Change in Control Agreement with other executive officers 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.6 10.7 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.7 10.8 Amendment to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan dated July 26, 2021 
 10-Q 001-39610 11/10/2021 10.1 10.9 Benefit Equalization Plan 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.8 10.10 Outside Directors Retainer Continuance Plan, as amended 
 10-Q 333-239251 09/24/2020 10.9 10.11 409A Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.10 10.12 409A Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.11 10.13 Eastern Insurance Group LLC Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.12 10.14 Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended 
 S-1 333-239251 06/18/2020 10.13 10.15 Eastern Bankshares, Inc. Management Incentive Plan for Eastern Bank Participants 
 10-Q 001-39610 08/13/2021 10.1 10.16 Eastern Bankshares, Inc. Management Incentive Plan for Eastern Insurance Group LLC Participants 
 10-Q 001-39610 08/13/2021 10.2 10.17 Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-239251 11/29/2021 10.1 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 S-8 333-239251 11/29/2021 10.2 10.19 Form of One-Time RSU Award Agreement 
 8-K 001-39610 01/19/2022 10.1 10.20 Form of Annual RSU Award Agreement 
 8-K 001-39610 01/19/2022 10.2 10.21 Form of One-Time PSU Award Agreement 
 8-K 001-39610 01/19/2022 10.3 10.22 Form of Annual PSU Award Agreement 
 8-K 001-39610 01/19/2022 10.4 21 Subsidiaries of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 
 X 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 X 32.1+ Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2+ Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 
 194 

Exhibit No. Description Included with this Form 10-K Incorporated by Reference 
 Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit No. 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 X 104 Cover page interactive data file (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information) contained in Exhibit 101 to this report+. X 
 Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement 
 Filed herewith 
 + Furnished herewith 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 195 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 EASTERN BANKSHARES, INC. /s/ Robert F. Rivers Robert F. Rivers Chair and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 24, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 196 

/s/ Robert F. Rivers Director, Chair and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 24, 2023 Robert F. Rivers (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ James B. Fitzgerald Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer Date: February 24, 2023 James B. Fitzgerald (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ David A. Ahlquist Principal Accounting Officer Date: February 24, 2023 David A. Ahlquist /s/ Richard C. Bane Director Date: February 24, 2023 Richard C. Bane /s/ Luis A. Borgen Director Date: February 24, 2023 Luis A. Borgen /s/ Joseph T. Chung Director Date: February 24, 2023 Joseph T. Chung /s/ Paul M. Connolly Director Date: February 24, 2023 Paul M. Connolly /s/ Bari A. Harlam Director Date: February 24, 2023 Bari A. Harlam /s/ Diane S. Hessan Director Date: February 24, 2023 Diane S. Hessan /s/ Richard E. Holbrook Director Date: February 24, 2023 Richard E. Holbrook /s/ Deborah C. Jackson Director Date: February 24, 2023 Deborah C. Jackson /s/ Peter K. Markell Director Date: February 24, 2023 Peter K. Markell /s/ Paul D. Spiess Director Date: February 24, 2023 Paul D. Spiess 
 197 

<EX-21>
 2
 ebc-20221231xex21xsubsidia.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

 Subsidiaries of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 
 
 As of February 24, 2023, the Registrant owned the following subsidiaries 
 
 Name State of Incorporation Names under which Subsidiary does Business Eastern Bank Massachusetts Eastern Bank Eastern Insurance Group LLC Massachusetts Eastern Insurance Group Broadway Securities Corporation Massachusetts Broadway Securities Corporation Market Street Securities Corporation Massachusetts Market Street Securities Corporation Real Property Services, Inc. Massachusetts Real Property Services, Inc. Millennium Corporation Massachusetts Millennium Corporation Shared Value Investments LLC Massachusetts Shared Value Investments LLC, Eastern Bank 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ebc-20221231xex231xconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-261394) pertaining to the Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, and 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-251547) pertaining to the Eastern Bank 401(k) Plan 
 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ebc-20221231xex311xcertifi.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert F. Rivers , certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of Directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Robert F. Rivers Robert F. Rivers Chair and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ebc-20221231xex312xcertifi.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James B. Fitzgerald , certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s Board of Directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s James B. Fitzgerald James B. Fitzgerald Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ebc-20221231xex321xcertifi.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the undersigned s best knowledge and belief 
 (a) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act and 
 (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 24, 2023 Eastern Bankshares, Inc. Company s Robert F. Rivers Robert F. Rivers Chair and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer 

This certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ebc-20221231xex322xcertifi.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the undersigned s best knowledge and belief 
 (a) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act and 
 (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 24, 2023 Eastern Bankshares, Inc. Company s James B. Fitzgerald James B. Fitzgerald Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 This certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ebc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ebc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ebc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ebc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ebc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

