<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230208_10-K_edgar_data_1061630_0001061630-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23233721</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1339987</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3384961</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9371325</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4529134</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4133800</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001061630-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230208064719
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001061630-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLACKSTONE MORTGAGE TRUST, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001061630
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				946181186
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14788
		FILM NUMBER:		23597030

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2126550220

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAPITAL TRUST INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980512

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001061630-23-000010.txt : 20230208

10-K
 1
 bxmt-20221231.htm
 10-K

bxmt-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered par value 0.01 per share 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the outstanding class A common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) based on the closing sale price on the New York Stock Exchange on that date. 

As of February 1, 2023, there were o utstanding shares of class A common stock. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I. 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 3 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 11 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 57 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 57 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 57 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 57 
 PART II. 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 58 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 58 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 59 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 90 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 92 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 92 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 93 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 93 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 94 
 PART III. 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 95 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 95 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 95 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 95 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 95 
 PART IV. 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 96 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 105 
 SIGNATURES 
 106 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 
 F- 1 

Forward-Looking Information; Risk Factor Summary 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, which involve certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements predict or describe our future operations, business plans, business and investment strategies and portfolio management and the performance of our investments. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by their use of such terms and phrases as intend, goal, estimate, expect, project, projections, plans, seeks, anticipates, will, should, could, may, designed to, foreseeable future, believe, scheduled and similar expressions. Our actual results or outcomes may differ materially from those anticipated. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. We assume no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 Our actual results may differ significantly from any results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. A summary of the principal risk factors that make investing in our securities risky and might cause our actual results to differ is set forth below. The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. This summary should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the risk factors we face, which are set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors in this report. 
 Fluctuations in prevailing interest rates and credit spreads could reduce our ability to generate income on our loans and other investments, which could lead to a significant decrease in our results of operations, our cash flows and the market value of our investments, and ultimately limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Adverse changes in the real estate and real estate capital markets, in North America, Europe and Australia in particular, could negatively impact our performance by making it more difficult for borrowers of our mortgage loans to satisfy their debt payment obligations, which could result in losses on our loan investments and/or make it more difficult for us to generate consistent or attractive risk-adjusted returns. 
 Our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity position, and business could be materially adversely affected if we experience (i) difficulty accessing financing or raising capital, including due to a significant dislocation in or shut-down of the capital markets, (ii) a reduction in the yield on our investments, (iii) an increase in the cost of our financing, (iv) an inability to borrow incremental amounts or an obligation to repay amounts under our financing arrangements, or (v) defaults by borrowers in paying debt service on outstanding loans. 
 Events giving rise to increases in our current expected credit loss reserve, including the impact of the current economic environment, have had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our lending and investment activities subject us to the general political, economic, capital markets, competitive and other conditions in the United States and foreign jurisdictions where we invest, including with respect to the long-term macroeconomic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and other events that markedly impact United States or foreign financial markets. 
 Adverse legislative or regulatory developments, including with respect to tax laws, securities laws, and the laws governing financial and lending institutions, could increase our cost of doing business and/or reduce our operating flexibility and the price of our class A common stock. 
 Acts of God such as hurricanes, earthquakes and other natural disasters, pandemics or outbreaks of infectious disease, acts of war and/or terrorism and other events that can markedly impact financial markets may cause unanticipated and uninsured performance declines and/or losses to us or the owners and operators of the real estate securing our investments. 
 Deterioration in the performance of properties securing our investments may cause deterioration in the performance of our investments, instances of default or foreclosure on such properties and, potentially, principal losses to us. 
 Adverse developments in the availability of desirable investment opportunities whether they are due to competition, regulation or otherwise, could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Difficulty or delays in redeploying the proceeds from repayments of our existing loans and investments may cause our financial performance and returns to investors to decline. 
 1 

Increased competition from entities engaged in mortgage lending and/or investing in our target assets may limit our ability to originate or acquire desirable loans and investments or dispose of assets we target, and could also affect the yields of these assets and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Loans or investments involving international real estate-related assets are subject to special risks that we may not manage effectively, including currency exchange risk, the burdens of complying with international regulatory requirements, risks related to taxation and certain economic and political risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 If we do not maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, we will be subject to tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability. 
 If we do not maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, we will be subject to significant regulation and restrictions on our business and investments. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Moreover, unless we are required by law to update these statements, we will not necessarily update or revise any forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report after the date hereof, either to conform them to actual results or to changes in our expectations. We urge you to carefully consider the foregoing summary together with the risks discussed in Part I., Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 2 

PART I. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 References herein to Blackstone Mortgage Trust, company, we, us, or our refer to Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 Our Company 
 Blackstone Mortgage Trust is a real estate finance company that originates senior loans collateralized by commercial real estate in North America, Europe, and Australia. Our portfolio is composed primarily of loans secured by high-quality, institutional assets in major markets, sponsored by experienced, well-capitalized real estate investment owners and operators. These senior loans are capitalized by accessing a variety of financing options, including borrowing under our credit facilities, issuing CLOs or single-asset securitizations, and syndicating senior loan participations, depending on our view of the most prudent financing option available for each of our investments. We are not in the business of buying or trading securities, and the only securities we own are the retained interests from our securitization financing transactions, which we have not financed. We are externally managed by BXMT Advisors L.L.C., or our Manager, a subsidiary of Blackstone Inc., or Blackstone, and are a REIT, traded on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol BXMT. Our principal executive offices are located at 345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor, New York, New York 10154. We were incorporated in Maryland in 1998, when we reorganized from a California common law business trust into a Maryland corporation. 
 We conduct our operations as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent that we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to stockholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. We also operate our business in a manner that permits us to maintain an exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act. We are organized as a holding company and conduct our business primarily through our various subsidiaries. We operate our business as one segment, which originates and acquires commercial mortgage loans and related investments. 
 Our Manager 
 We are externally managed and advised by our Manager, which is responsible for administering our business activities, day-to-day operations, and providing us the services of our executive management team, investment team, and appropriate support personnel. 
 
 Our Manager is a part of Blackstone s alternative asset management business, which is the world's largest alternative asset manager. Blackstone's assets under management include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, public debt and equity, infrastructure, life sciences, growth equity, opportunistic, non-investment grade credit, real assets and secondary funds, all on a global basis. Through its different businesses, Blackstone had total assets under management of 974.7 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 In connection with the performance of its duties, our Manager benefits from the resources, relationships, and expertise of the 787 professionals in Blackstone s global real estate group. Blackstone has built the world's preeminent global real estate business with 326.1 billion of investor capital under management as of December 31, 2022. Kenneth Caplan and Kathleen McCarthy, who are the global co-heads of Blackstone s real estate group, are members of our Manager s investment committee. 
 Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies, or BREDS, was launched in 2008 within Blackstone s global real estate group to pursue opportunities relating to real estate debt investments globally, with a focus primarily on North America and Europe. Michael Nash, the global chairman of BREDS, serves as the executive chairman of our board of directors and is a member of our Manager s investment committee. In addition, Jonathan Pollack, the global head of Structured Finance, which includes BREDS, and Tim Johnson, global head of BREDS, each serve as members of our Manager s investment committee and Mr. Pollack also serves as one of our directors. As of December 31, 2022, 136 dedicated BREDS professionals, including 31 investment professionals based in London and Australia, managed 58.8 billion of investor capital. 
 Our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and other officers are senior Blackstone real estate professionals. None of our Manager, our executive officers, or other personnel supplied to us by our Manager is obligated to dedicate any specific amount of time to our business. Our Manager is subject to the supervision and oversight of our board of directors 
 3 

and has only such functions and authority as our board of directors delegates to it. Pursuant to a management agreement between our Manager and us, or our Management Agreement, our Manager is entitled to receive a base management fee, an incentive fee, and expense reimbursements. See Notes 14 and 19 to our consolidated financial statements and the information disclosed pursuant to Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, which is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for more detail on the terms of the Management Agreement. 
 Our Investment Strategy 
 Our investment strategy is to originate loans and invest in debt and related instruments supported by institutional quality commercial real estate in attractive locations. Through our Manager, we draw on Blackstone s extensive real estate debt investment platform and its established sourcing, underwriting, and structuring capabilities in order to execute our investment strategy. In addition, we have access to Blackstone s extensive network and Blackstone s substantial real estate and other investment holdings, which provide our Manager access to market data on a scale generally not available to others in the market. 
 We directly originate, co-originate, and acquire debt instruments in conjunction with acquisitions, refinancings, and recapitalizations of commercial real estate in North America, Europe, and Australia, with a focus on performing loans that are supported by well-capitalized properties and borrowers. We believe that the scale and flexibility of our capital, as well as our Manager s and Blackstone s relationships, enables us to target opportunities with strong sponsorship and invest in large loans or other debt that is collateralized by high-quality assets and portfolios. 
 As market conditions evolve over time, we expect to adapt as appropriate. We believe our current investment strategy will produce significant opportunities to make investments with attractive risk-return profiles. However, to capitalize on the investment opportunities that may be present at various other points of an economic cycle, we may expand or change our investment strategy by targeting other credit oriented investments secured by commercial or residential real estate. 
 We believe that the diversification of our investment portfolio, our ability to actively manage those investments, and the flexibility of our strategy positions us to generate attractive returns for our stockholders in a variety of market conditions over the long term. 
 Our Portfolio 
 Our business is currently focused on originating or acquiring senior, floating rate mortgage loans that are secured by a first priority mortgage on commercial real estate assets in North America, Europe, and Australia. These investments may be in the form of whole loans, pari passu participations within mortgage loans, or other similar structures. Although originating senior, floating rate mortgage loans is our primary area of focus, we may also originate and acquire fixed rate loans and subordinate loans, including subordinate mortgage interests and mezzanine loans. This focused lending strategy is designed to generate attractive current income while protecting investors capital. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we originated or acquired 7.1 billion of loans. Loan fundings during the year totaled 7.2 billion, with repayments of 3.7 billion, for net fundings of 3.4 billion. 
 
 4 

The following table details overall statistics for our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 
 Balance Sheet Portfolio Loan 
 Exposure (1) 
 Number of investments 203 203 Principal balance 25,160,343 26,810,281 Net book value 24,691,743 24,691,743 Unfunded loan commitments (2) 
 3,806,153 4,511,975 Weighted-average cash coupon (3) 
 + 3.44 + 3.37 Weighted-average all-in yield (3) 
 + 3.84 + 3.76 Weighted-average maximum maturity (years) (4) 
 3.1 3.1 Origination loan to value (LTV) (5) 
 64.1 63.9 
 
 (1) In certain instances, we finance our loans through the non-recourse sale of a senior loan interest that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. Total loan exposure encompasses the entire loan we originated and financed, including 1.6 billion of such non-consolidated senior interests that are not included in our balance sheet portfolio. 
 (2) Unfunded commitments will primarily be funded to finance our borrowers construction or development of real estate-related assets, capital improvements of existing assets, or lease-related expenditures. These commitments will generally be funded over the term of each loan, subject in certain cases to an expiration date. 
 (3) The weighted-average cash coupon and all-in yield are expressed as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR, and other indices as applicable to each investment. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our loans by total loan exposure earned a floating rate of interest, primarily indexed to USD LIBOR and SOFR. In addition to cash coupon, all-in yield includes the amortization of deferred origination and extension fees, loan origination costs, and purchase discounts, as well as the accrual of exit fees. Excludes loans accounted for under the cost-recovery method. 
 (4) Maximum maturity assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower, however our loans and other investments may be repaid prior to such date. As of December 31, 2022, 53 of our loans by total loan exposure were subject to yield maintenance or other prepayment restrictions and 47 were open to repayment by the borrower without penalty. 
 (5) Based on LTV as of the dates loans were originated or acquired by us. 

5 

The charts below detail the geographic distribution and types of properties securing our investment portfolio, as of December 31, 2022: 

(1) States comprising less than 1 of total loan portfolio are excluded. 
 For additional information regarding our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations II. Loan Portfolio and VI. Loan Portfolio Details in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Financing Strategy 
 To maintain an adequate amount of available liquidity and execute our business plan, we look to a variety of sources. In addition to raising capital through public offerings of our equity and debt securities, our financing strategy includes secured debt, securitizations, and asset-specific financings, as well as corporate term loans, senior secured notes, and convertible notes. In addition to our current mix of financing sources, we also may access additional forms of financings including resecuritizations and public and private, secured and unsecured debt issuances by us or our subsidiaries. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we (i) borrowed an additional 825.0 million under our term loan facilities with an interest rate of SOFR plus 3.50 and maturity in 2029, (ii) issued 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.50 convertible senior notes due 2027, and (iii) issued 2.3 million shares of our class A common stock, providing aggregate net proceeds of 70.7 million. 
 Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we (i) entered into two new secured credit facilities providing an aggregate 2.2 billion of credit capacity and (ii) increased the size of six existing secured credit facilities providing an aggregate 1.4 billion of additional credit capacity. 
 6 

The following table details our outstanding portfolio financing arrangements as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 
 Portfolio Financing 
 Outstanding Principal Balance 
 December 31, 2022 Secured debt 13,549,748 Securitizations 2,673,541 Asset-specific financings (1) 
 2,824,961 Total portfolio financing 19,048,250 
 
 (1) Includes our asset-specific debt of 950.3 million, our loan participations sold of 224.7 million, and our non-consolidated senior interests of 1.6 billion, each as of December 31, 2022. The loan participations sold and non-consolidated senior interests are non-debt financings that provide structural leverage for our whole loan investments. 
 The amount of leverage we employ for particular assets will depend upon our assessment of the credit, liquidity, price volatility, and other risks of those assets and the related financing structure, the availability of particular types of financing at the time, and the financial covenants under our credit facilities. Our decision to use leverage to finance our assets will be at the discretion of our Manager and will not be subject to the approval of our stockholders. We currently expect that our leverage, on a debt to equity basis, will generally be below a ratio of 4-to-1. We will endeavor to match the tenor, currency, and indices of our assets and liabilities, including in certain instances through the use of derivatives. We will also seek to limit the risks associated with recourse borrowing. 
 From time to time, we engage in hedging transactions that seek to mitigate the effects of fluctuations in currencies or interest rates on our cash flows. These hedging transactions could take a variety of forms, including swaps or cap agreements, options, futures contracts, forward rate or currency agreements, or similar financial instruments. 
 Floating Rate Portfolio 
 Generally, our business model is such that rising interest rates will increase our net income, while declining interest rates will decrease net income. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our investments by total loan exposure earned a floating rate of interest and were financed with liabilities that pay interest at floating rates, which resulted in an amount of net equity that is positively correlated to rising interest rates, subject to the impact of interest rate floors on certain of our floating rate loans. 
 Refer to Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Lending and Investment Activities The transition away from reference rates and the use of alternative replacement reference rates may adversely affect net interest income related to our loans and investments or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments." of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Investment Guidelines 
 Our board of directors has approved the following investment guidelines: 
 we shall seek to invest our capital in a broad range of investments in, or relating to, public and/or private debt, non-controlling equity, loans and/or other interests (including mezzanine interests and/or options or derivatives related thereto) relating to real estate assets (including pools thereof), real estate companies, and/or real estate-related holdings; 
 prior to the deployment of capital into investments, we may cause our capital to be invested in any short-term investments in money market funds, bank accounts, overnight repurchase agreements with primary federal reserve bank dealers collateralized by direct U.S. government obligations and other instruments or investments reasonably determined to be of high quality; 
 not more than 25 of our equity, as defined in the Management Agreement, will be invested in any individual investment without the approval of a majority of the investment risk management committee of our board of directors (it being understood, however, that for purposes of the foregoing concentration limit, in the case of any investment that is comprised (whether through a structured investment vehicle or other arrangement) of securities, 
 7 

instruments or assets of multiple portfolio issuers, such investment for purposes of the foregoing limitation shall be deemed to be multiple investments in such underlying securities, instruments and assets and not such particular vehicle, product or other arrangement in which they are aggregated); 
 any investment in excess of 350.0 million shall require the approval of a majority of the investment risk management committee of our board of directors; 
 no investment shall be made that would cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code; and 
 no investment shall be made that would cause us or any of our subsidiaries to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 These investment guidelines may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented or waived upon the approval of a majority of our board of directors, which must include a majority of the independent directors, without the approval of our stockholders. 
 Competition 
 We are engaged in a competitive business. In our lending and investing activities, we compete for opportunities with a variety of institutional lenders and investors, including other REITs, specialty finance companies, public and private funds (including other funds managed by Blackstone and its affiliates), commercial and investment banks, commercial finance and insurance companies and other financial institutions. Several other REITs and other investment vehicles have raised, or are expected to raise, significant amounts of capital, and may have investment objectives that overlap with ours, which may create additional competition for lending and investment opportunities. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources, such as the U.S. Government, that are not available to us. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT compliance or maintenance of an exclusion from regulation under the Investment Company Act. We could face increased competition from banks due to future legislative developments, such as amendments to key provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, including provisions setting forth capital and risk retention requirements. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of loans and investments and offer more attractive pricing or other terms and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, competition for originations of and investments in assets we target may lead to decreasing yields, which may further limit our ability to generate targeted returns. 
 In the face of this competition, we have access to Blackstone s professionals and their industry expertise and relationships, which we believe provide us with a competitive advantage and help us assess risks and determine appropriate pricing for potential investments. We believe these relationships will enable us to compete more effectively for attractive investment opportunities. However, we may not be able to achieve our business goals or expectations due to the competitive risks that we face. For additional information concerning these competitive risks, see Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Lending and Investment Activities. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 We are committed to responsibly managing risk and preserving value for our shareholders. We make capital allocation decisions with the environmental, social and governance ESG factors of our potential collateral and borrowers in mind, and incorporate diligence practices as part of our investment process to identify material ESG matters related to a given asset. 
 Our day-to-day operations are externally managed by our Manager, a subsidiary of Blackstone. As such, many of the ESG initiatives undertaken by Blackstone impact or apply to us. Key ESG initiatives we share with Blackstone include the consideration of ESG in the investment process, dedicated resources to ESG governance and oversight, industry engagement on ESG matters, corporate sustainability and environmental performance improvements at our office locations, and certain employee and community engagement and diversity, equity and inclusion DEI programs. 
 Human Capital 
 We do not have any employees. We are externally managed by our Manager pursuant to our Management Agreement. Our executive officers serve as officers of our Manager, and are employed by an affiliate of our Manager. See Item 1 Our Manager. 
 
 8 

Government Regulation 
 Our operations in North America, Europe, and Australia are subject, in certain instances, to supervision and regulation by U.S. and other governmental authorities, and may be subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions, which, among other things: (i) regulate credit-granting activities; (ii) establish maximum interest rates, finance charges and other charges; (iii) require disclosures to customers; (iv) govern secured transactions; and (v) set collection, foreclosure, repossession and claims-handling procedures and other trade practices. We are also required to comply with certain provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act that are applicable to commercial loans. We intend to continue to conduct our business so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 In our judgment, existing statutes and regulations have not had a material adverse effect on our business. In recent years, legislators in the United States and in other countries have said that greater regulation of financial services firms is needed, particularly in areas such as risk management, leverage, and disclosure. While we expect that additional new regulations in these areas will be adopted and existing ones may change in the future, it is not possible at this time to forecast the exact nature of any future legislation, regulations, judicial decisions, orders or interpretations, nor their impact upon our future business, financial condition, or results of operations or prospects. 
 For more information on government regulation, refer to Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Company. 
 Taxation of the Company 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our net taxable income, subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain, in order for U.S. federal income tax not to apply to our earnings. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our net taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal tax laws. 
 Our qualification as a REIT also depends on our ability to meet various other requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Code, which relate to organizational structure, diversity of stock ownership, and certain restrictions with regard to the nature of our assets and the sources of our income. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal income and excise taxes and state and local taxes on our income and assets. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT for any taxable year, we may be subject to material penalties as well as federal, state, and local income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and we would not be able to qualify as a REIT for the subsequent four full taxable years. 
 Furthermore, our taxable REIT subsidiaries, or TRSs, are subject to federal, state, and local income tax on their net taxable income. See Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to our REIT Status and Certain Other Tax Items for additional tax status information. 
 Taxation of REIT Dividends 
 Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, REIT dividends (other than capital gain dividends) received by non-corporate taxpayers may be eligible for a 20 deduction. This deduction is only applicable to investors in BXMT that receive dividends and does not have any impact on us. Without further legislation, the deduction would sunset after 2025. Investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the effect of this change on their effective tax rate with respect to REIT dividends. 
 Website Access to Reports 
 We maintain a website at www.blackstonemortgagetrust.com . We are providing the address to our website solely for the information of investors. The information on our website is not a part of, nor is it incorporated by reference into this report. Through our website, we make available, free of charge, our annual proxy statement, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains these reports at www.sec.gov . 
 9 

Website Disclosure 
 We use our website (www.blackstonemortgagetrust.com) as a channel of distribution of company information. The information we post through this channel may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls, and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about Blackstone Mortgage Trust when you enroll your email address by visiting the Contact Us E-mail Alerts section of our website at http://ir.blackstonemortgagetrust.com. The contents of our website and any alerts are not, however, a part of this report. 

10 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Risks Related to Our Lending and Investment Activities 
 Our loans and investments expose us to risks associated with debt-oriented real estate investments generally. 
 We seek to invest primarily in debt instruments relating to real estate-related assets. As such, we are subject to, among other things, risk of defaults by borrowers in paying debt service on outstanding indebtedness and to other impairments of our loans and investments. Any deterioration of real estate fundamentals generally, and in North America, Europe and Australia in particular, could negatively impact our performance by making it more difficult for borrowers of our mortgage loans, or borrower entities, to satisfy their debt payment obligations, increasing the default risk applicable to borrower entities, and/or making it more difficult for us to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Changes in general economic conditions will affect the creditworthiness of borrower entities and/or the value of underlying real estate collateral relating to our investments and may include economic and/or market fluctuations, changes in environmental, zoning and other laws, casualty or condemnation losses, regulatory limitations on rents, decreases in property values, changes in the appeal of properties to tenants, changes in supply and demand of real estate products, fluctuations in real estate fundamentals, the financial resources of borrower entities, energy supply shortages, various uninsured or uninsurable risks, natural disasters, pandemics or outbreaks of contagious disease, political events, terrorism and acts of war, changes in government regulations, changes in monetary policy, changes in real property tax rates and/or tax credits, changes in operating expenses, changes in interest rates, changes in inflation rates, changes in the availability of debt financing and/or mortgage funds which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable, increased mortgage defaults, increases in borrowing rates, changes in consumer spending, negative developments in the economy and/or adverse changes in real estate values generally and other factors that are beyond our control. Recent concerns about the real estate market, rising interest rates, inflation, energy costs and geopolitical issues have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and markets going forward. 
 We cannot predict the degree to which economic conditions generally, and the conditions for real estate debt investing in particular, will improve or decline. Any declines in the performance of the U.S. and global economies or in the real estate debt markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Commercial real estate-related investments that are secured, directly or indirectly, by real property are subject to delinquency, foreclosure and loss, which could result in losses to us. 
 We invest in commercial real estate debt instruments (e.g., mortgages, mezzanine loans and preferred equity) that are secured by commercial properties. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property typically is dependent primarily upon the successful operation of the property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. Net operating income of an income-producing property can be affected by, among other things: 
 tenant mix and tenant bankruptcies; 
 success of tenant businesses; 
 property management decisions, including with respect to capital improvements, particularly in older building structures; 
 property location and condition; 
 competition from other properties offering the same or similar services; 
 changes in laws that increase operating expenses or limit rents that may be charged; 
 changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and in the state of the credit and securitization markets and the debt and equity capital markets, including diminished availability or lack of debt financing for commercial real estate; 
 global trade disruption, supply chain issues, significant introductions of trade barriers and bilateral trade frictions; 
 labor shortages and increasing wages; 
 11 

declines in global, national, regional or local real estate values; 
 declines in global, national, regional or local rental or occupancy rates; 
 responses of businesses, governments and individuals to pandemics or outbreaks of contagious disease; 
 changes in real estate tax rates, tax credits and other operating expenses; 
 changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including income tax regulations and environmental legislation; 
 any liabilities relating to environmental matters at the property; 
 acts of God, terrorism, social unrest and civil disturbances, which may decrease the availability of or increase the cost of insurance or result in uninsured losses; and 
 adverse changes in zoning laws. 
 In addition, we are exposed to the risk of judicial proceedings with our borrowers and entities we invest in, including bankruptcy or other litigation, as a strategy to avoid foreclosure or enforcement of other rights by us as a lender or investor. In the event that any of the properties or entities underlying or collateralizing our loans or investments experiences or continues to experience any of the other foregoing events or occurrences, the value of, and return on, such investments could be reduced, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Fluctuations in interest rates and credit spreads could reduce our ability to generate income on our loans and other investments, which could lead to a significant decrease in our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments and may limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Our primary interest rate exposures relate to the yield on our loans and other investments and the financing cost of our debt, as well as our interest rate swaps that we may utilize for hedging purposes. Changes in interest rates and credit spreads may affect our net income from loans and other investments, which is the difference between the interest and related income we earn on our interest-earning investments and the interest and related expense we incur in financing these investments. Interest rate and credit spread fluctuations resulting in our interest and related expense exceeding interest and related income would result in operating losses for us. Changes in the level of interest rates and credit spreads also may affect our ability to make loans or investments, the value of our loans and investments and our ability to realize gains from the disposition of assets. Increases in interest rates and credit spreads may also negatively affect demand for loans and could result in higher borrower default rates. In 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised benchmark overnight interest rates on multiple occasions and may further increase rates in 2023. Such increases have increased, and any further increases would increase our borrowers interest payments and for certain borrowers may lead to defaults and losses to us. Such increases could also adversely affect commercial real estate property values. 
 Our operating results depend, in part, on differences between the income earned on our investments, net of credit losses, and our financing costs. The yields we earn on our floating-rate assets and our borrowing costs tend to move in the same direction in response to changes in interest rates. However, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest margin to expand or contract. In addition, we could experience reductions in the yield on our investments and an increase in the cost of our financing. Although we seek to match the terms of our liabilities to the expected lives of loans that we acquire or originate, circumstances may arise in which our liabilities are shorter in duration than our assets, resulting in their adjusting faster in response to changes in interest rates. For any period during which our investments are not match-funded, the income earned on such investments may respond more slowly to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings. Consequently, changes in interest rates, particularly short-term interest rates, may immediately and significantly decrease our results of operations and cash flows and the market value of our investments, and any such change may limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. In addition, unless we enter into hedging or similar transactions with respect to the portion of our assets that we fund using our balance sheet, returns we achieve on such assets will generally increase as interest rates for those assets rise and decrease as interest rates for those assets decline. 
 The timing of loan repayment is difficult to predict and may adversely affect our financial performance and cash flows. 
 
 Our business is currently focused on originating floating-rate mortgage loans secured by commercial real estate assets. Generally, our mortgage loan borrowers may repay their loans prior to their stated maturities. In periods of declining interest rates and/or credit spreads, prepayment rates on loans will generally increase. If general interest rates or credit 
 12 

spreads decline at the same time, the proceeds of such prepayments received during such periods may not be reinvested for some period of time or may be reinvested by us in assets with lower yields than the assets that were prepaid. In periods of increasing interest rates and/or credit spreads, prepayment rates on loans will generally decrease, which could impact our liquidity, or increase our potential exposure to loan non-performance. 
 
 Prepayment rates on loans may be affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, the then-current level of interest rates and credit spreads, fluctuations in asset values, the availability of mortgage credit, the relative economic vitality of the area in which the related properties are located, the servicing of the loans, possible changes in tax laws, other opportunities for investment, and other economic, social, geographic, demographic and legal and other factors beyond our control. Consequently, such prepayment rates can vary significantly from period to period and cannot be predicted with 
 certainty. No strategy can completely insulate us from prepayment or other such risks and faster or slower prepayments may adversely affect our profitability and cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Our loans often contain call protection provisions that require a certain minimum amount of interest due to us regardless of when the loan is repaid. These include prepayment fees expressed as a percentage of the unpaid principal balance, or the amount of foregone net interest income due us from the date of repayment through a date that is frequently 12 or 18 months after the origination date. Loans that are outstanding beyond the end of the call protection or yield maintenance period can be repaid with no prepayment fees or penalties. The absence of call protection provisions may expose us to the risk of early repayment of loans, and the inability to redeploy capital accretively. 
 
 Difficulty in redeploying the proceeds from repayments of our existing loans and investments may cause our financial performance and returns to investors to suffer. 
 As our loans and investments are repaid, we will have to redeploy the proceeds we receive into new loans and investments, repay borrowings under our credit facilities, pay dividends to our stockholders or repurchase outstanding shares of our class A common stock. It is possible that we will fail to identify reinvestment options that would provide returns or a risk profile that is comparable to the asset that was repaid. If we fail to redeploy the proceeds we receive from repayment of a loan in equivalent or better alternatives, our financial performance and returns to investors could suffer. 
 We operate in a competitive market for lending and investment opportunities, which may intensify, and competition may limit our ability to originate or acquire desirable loans and investments or dispose of assets we target, and could also affect the yields of these assets and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in a competitive market for lending and investment opportunities, which may intensify. Our profitability depends, in large part, on our ability to originate or acquire our target assets on attractive terms. In originating or acquiring our target assets, we compete for opportunities with a variety of institutional lenders and investors, including other REITs, specialty finance companies, public and private funds (including funds managed by affiliates of Blackstone), commercial and investment banks, commercial finance and insurance companies and other financial institutions. Some of our competitors have raised, and may in the future raise, significant amounts of capital, and may have investment objectives that overlap with ours, which may create additional competition for lending and investment opportunities. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us, such as the U.S. government. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REIT tax compliance or maintenance of an exclusion from regulation under the Investment Company Act. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of loans and investments, offer more attractive pricing or other terms and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, competition for originations of and investments in our target assets may lead to decreasing yields, which may further limit our ability to generate desired returns. Also, as a result of this competition, desirable loans and investments in our target assets may be limited in the future and we may not be able to take advantage of attractive lending and investment opportunities from time to time, thereby limiting our ability to identify and originate or acquire loans or make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to successfully integrate new assets or businesses and manage our growth, our results of operations and financial condition may suffer. 
 We have in the past and may in the future significantly increase the size and/or change the mix of our portfolio of assets or acquire or otherwise enter into new lines of business, including through joint ventures. We may be unable to successfully and efficiently integrate newly-acquired assets or businesses into our existing operations or otherwise effectively manage our assets or our growth effectively. In addition, increases in our portfolio of assets and/or changes in the mix of our assets 
 13 

or lines of business may place significant demands on our Manager s administrative, operational, asset management, financial and other resources. Any failure to manage increases in size effectively could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The lack of liquidity in certain of our assets may adversely affect our business. 
 The illiquidity of certain of our assets may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if needed. Certain assets such as mortgages, B-Notes, mezzanine and other loans (including participations) and preferred equity, in particular, are relatively illiquid investments due to their short life, are potentially unsuitable for securitization and have a greater difficulty of recovery in the event of a borrower s default. We are also required to hold certain risk retention interests in certain of our securitization transactions. In addition, certain of our investments may become less liquid after our investment as a result of periods of delinquencies or defaults or turbulent market conditions, including due to current market conditions and exacerbated market volatility, which may make it more difficult for us to dispose of such assets at advantageous times or in a timely manner. Moreover, many of the loans and securities we invest in are not registered under the relevant securities laws, resulting in limitations or prohibitions against their transfer, sale, pledge or their disposition. As a result, many of our investments are illiquid, and if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, for example as a result of margin calls, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments. Further, we may face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an investment to the extent that we or our Manager (and/or its affiliates) has or could be attributed as having material, non-public information regarding the borrower entity. As a result, our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be limited, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Any distressed loans or investments we make, or loans and investments that later become distressed, may subject us to losses and other risks, which could include bankruptcy proceedings. 
 While our loans and investments focus primarily on performing real estate-related interests, our loans and investments may also include making distressed investments from time to time (e.g., investments in defaulted, out-of-favor or distressed loans and debt securities) or may involve investments that become sub-performing or non-performing following our origination or acquisition thereof. Certain of our investments may include properties that are highly leveraged, with significant burdens on cash flow and, therefore, involve a high degree of financial risk. During an economic downturn or recession, loans or securities of financially or operationally troubled borrowers or issuers are more likely to go into default than loans or securities of other borrowers or issuers. Loans or securities of financially or operationally troubled issuers are less liquid and more volatile than loans or securities of borrowers or issuers not experiencing such difficulties. The market prices of such securities are subject to erratic and abrupt market movements and the spread between bid and ask prices may be greater than normally expected. Investment in the loans or securities of financially or operationally troubled borrowers or issuers involves a high degree of credit and market risk. 
 In certain limited cases (e.g., in connection with a workout, restructuring and/or foreclosing proceedings involving one or more of our investments), the success of our investment strategy will depend, in part, on our ability to effectuate loan modifications and/or restructure and improve the operations of our borrower entities. The activity of identifying and implementing successful restructuring programs and operating improvements entails a high degree of uncertainty. There can be no assurance that the loan modifications we effected during the year ended December 31, 2022 will be successful or that (i) we will be able to identify and implement successful restructuring programs and improvements with respect to any other distressed loans or investments we may have from time to time, or (ii) we have sufficient resources to implement such programs and improvements in times of widespread market challenges. 
 These financial or operating difficulties may never be overcome and may cause borrower entities to become subject to bankruptcy or other similar administrative proceedings. There is a possibility that we may incur substantial or total losses on our investments and in certain circumstances, become subject to certain additional potential liabilities that may exceed the value of our original investment therein. For example, under certain circumstances, a lender that has inappropriately exercised control over the management and policies of a debtor may have its claims subordinated or disallowed or may be found liable for damages suffered by parties as a result of such actions. In any reorganization or liquidation proceeding relating to our investments, we may lose our entire investment, may be required to accept cash or securities with a value less than our original investment and/or may be required to accept different terms, including payment over an extended period of time. In addition, under certain circumstances, payments to us may be reclaimed if any such payment or distribution is later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance, preferential payment, or similar transaction under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws. Furthermore, bankruptcy laws and similar laws applicable to administrative proceedings may delay our ability to realize value from collateral for our loan positions, may adversely affect the economic terms and priority of such loans through doctrines such as equitable subordination or may result in a restructuring of the debt through principles such as the cramdown provisions of the bankruptcy laws. 
 14 

We may need to foreclose on certain of the loans we originate or acquire, which could result in losses that harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may find it necessary or desirable to foreclose on certain of the loans we originate or acquire, and the foreclosure process may be lengthy and expensive. If we foreclose on an asset, we may take title to the property securing that asset, and if we do not or cannot sell the property, we would then come to own and operate it as real estate owned. Owning and operating real property involves risks that are different (and in many ways more significant) than the risks faced in owning an asset secured by that property. The costs associated with operating and redeveloping a property, including any operating shortfalls and significant capital expenditures, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial conditions and liquidity. In addition, we may end up owning a property that we would not otherwise have decided to acquire directly at the price of our original investment or at all, and the liquidation proceeds upon sale of the underlying real estate may not be sufficient to recover our cost basis in the loan, resulting in a loss to us. 
 Whether or not we have participated in the negotiation of the terms of any such loans, we cannot assure you as to the adequacy of the protection of the terms of the applicable loan, including the validity or enforceability of the loan and the maintenance of the anticipated priority and perfection of the applicable security interests. Furthermore, claims may be asserted by lenders or borrowers that might interfere with enforcement of our rights. Borrowers may resist foreclosure actions by asserting numerous claims, counterclaims and defenses against us, including, without limitation, lender liability claims and defenses, even when the assertions may have no basis in fact, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action and seek to force the lender into a modification of the loan or a favorable buy-out of the borrower s position in the loan. Foreclosure actions in some U.S. states can take several years or more to litigate and may also be time consuming and expensive to complete in other U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. At any time prior to or during the foreclosure proceedings, the borrower may file for bankruptcy, which would have the effect of staying the foreclosure actions and further delaying the foreclosure process, and could potentially result in a reduction or discharge of a borrower s debt. Foreclosure may create a negative public perception of the related property, resulting in a diminution of its value. Even if we are successful in foreclosing on a loan, the liquidation proceeds upon sale of the underlying real estate may not be sufficient to recover our cost basis in the loan, resulting in a loss to us. Furthermore, any costs or delays involved in the foreclosure of the loan or a liquidation of the underlying property will further reduce the net sale proceeds and, therefore, increase any such losses to us. 
 Accounting standards have required us to increase our allowance for loan losses which has had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and may in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-13, or ASU 2016-13. ASU 2016-13 significantly changed how entities measured credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net income. ASU 2016-13 replaced the incurred loss model under previous guidance with a current expected credit loss, or CECL, model for instruments measured at amortized cost, and required entities to record allowances for available-for-sale debt securities rather than reduce the carrying amount, as they previously did under the other-than-temporary impairment model. 
 The CECL reserve required under ASU 2016-13 is a valuation account that is deducted from the related loans and debt securities amortized cost basis on our consolidated balance sheets, and which will reduce our total stockholders equity. Our initial CECL reserve of 17.7 million recorded on January 1, 2020 was reflected as a direct charge to retained earnings on our consolidated statements of changes in equity; however subsequent changes to the CECL reserve have been, and will continue to be, recognized through net income on our consolidated statements of operations. See Notes 2 and 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our CECL reserve. 
 While ASU 2016-13 does not require any particular method for determining the CECL allowance, it does specify the allowance should be based on relevant information about past events, including historical loss experience, current portfolio and market conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts for the duration of each respective loan. Because our methodology for determining CECL allowances may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies, our CECL allowances may not be comparable with the CECL allowances reported by other companies. In addition, other than a few narrow exceptions, ASU 2016-13 requires that all financial instruments subject to the CECL model have some amount of reserve to reflect the GAAP principal underlying the CECL model that all loans, debt securities, and similar assets have some inherent risk of loss, regardless of credit quality, subordinate capital, or other mitigating factors. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an aggregate 211.5 million increase in the CECL reserve related to loans receivable, debt securities, and unfunded loan commitments, bringing our total reserve to 342.5 million as of December 31, 2022. This CECL reserve reflects certain loans assessed for impairment in our portfolio, as well as macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures and market volatility. We may be required to make further 
 15 

increases to our CECL reserve in the future, depending on the performance of our portfolio and broader market conditions. Accordingly, the adoption of the CECL model materially affected how we determine our allowance for loan losses and requires us to increase our allowance and recognize provisions for loan losses earlier in the credit cycle. Moreover the CECL model has created more volatility in the level of our allowance for loan losses. If we are required to materially increase our level of allowance for loan losses for any reason, such increase could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Control may be limited over certain of our loans and investments. 
 Our ability to manage our portfolio of loans and investments may be limited by the form in which they are made. In certain situations, we: 
 acquire investments subject to rights of senior classes, special servicers or collateral managers under intercreditor, servicing agreements or securitization documents; 
 pledge our investments as collateral for financing arrangements; 
 acquire only a minority and/or a non-controlling participation in an underlying investment; 
 co-invest with others through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, thereby acquiring non-controlling interests; or 
 rely on independent third party management or servicing with respect to the management of an asset. 
 In addition, in circumstances where we originate or acquire loans relating to borrowers that are owned in whole or part by Blackstone-advised investment vehicles, we often forgo all non-economic rights under the loan, including voting rights, so long as Blackstone-advised investment vehicles own such borrowers above a certain threshold. Therefore, we may not be able to exercise control over all aspects of our loans or investments. Such financial assets may involve risks not present in investments where senior creditors, junior creditors, servicers third-party controlling investors or Blackstone-advised investment vehicles are not involved. Our rights to control the process following a borrower default may be subject to the rights of senior or junior creditors or servicers whose interests may not be aligned with ours. A partner or co-venturer may have financial difficulties resulting in a negative impact on such asset, may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, or may be in a position to take action contrary to our investment objectives. In addition, we will generally pay all or a portion of the expenses relating to our joint ventures and we may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of our partners or co-venturers. 
 B-Notes, mezzanine loans, and other investments that are subordinated or otherwise junior in an issuer s capital structure and that involve privately negotiated structures will expose us to greater risk of loss. 
 We may originate or acquire B-Notes, mezzanine loans and other investments (such as preferred equity) that are subordinated or otherwise junior in an issuer s capital structure and that involve privately negotiated structures. To the extent we invest in subordinated debt or mezzanine tranches of an entity s capital structure, such investments and our remedies with respect thereto, including the ability to foreclose on any collateral securing such investments, will be subject to the rights of holders of more senior tranches in the issuer s capital structure and, to the extent applicable, contractual intercreditor, co-lender and/or participation agreement provisions. Significant losses related to such loans or investments could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 As the terms of such loans and investments are subject to contractual relationships among lenders, co-lending agents and others, they can vary significantly in their structural characteristics and other risks. For example, the rights of holders of B-Notes to control the process following a borrower default may vary from transaction to transaction. 
 Like B-Notes, mezzanine loans are by their nature structurally subordinated to more senior property-level financings. If a borrower defaults on our mezzanine loan or on debt senior to our loan, or if the borrower is in bankruptcy, our mezzanine loan will be satisfied only after the property-level debt and other senior debt is paid in full. As a result, a partial loss in the value of the underlying collateral can result in a total loss of the value of the mezzanine loan. In addition, even if we are able to foreclose on the underlying collateral following a default on a mezzanine loan, we would be substituted for the defaulting borrower and, to the extent income generated on the underlying property is insufficient to meet outstanding debt obligations on the property, we may need to commit substantial additional capital and/or deliver a replacement guarantee by a creditworthy entity, which may include us, to stabilize the property and prevent additional defaults to lenders with existing liens on the property. In addition, mezzanine loans may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional 
 16 

mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the property and increasing the risk of loss of principal. Significant losses related to our B-Notes and mezzanine loans would result in operating losses for us and may limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Loans on properties in transition will involve a greater risk of loss than conventional mortgage loans. 
 We have in the past and may in the future invest in transitional loans to borrowers who are typically seeking relatively short-term capital to be used in an acquisition or rehabilitation of a property. The typical borrower in a transitional loan has usually identified an undervalued asset that has been under-managed and/or is located in a recovering market. If the market in which the asset is located fails to improve according to the borrower s projections, or if the borrower fails to improve the quality of the asset s management and/or the value of the asset, the borrower may not receive a sufficient return on the asset to satisfy the transitional loan, and we bear the risk that we may not recover all or a portion of our investment. 
 In addition, borrowers usually use the proceeds of a conventional mortgage to repay a transitional loan. Transitional loans therefore are subject to the risk of a borrower s inability to obtain permanent financing to repay the transitional loan and to the broader availability of conventional mortgages at amenable rates. In the event of any default under transitional loans that may be held by us, we bear the risk of loss of principal and non-payment of interest and fees to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the mortgage collateral and the principal amount and unpaid interest of the transitional loan. To the extent we suffer such losses with respect to these transitional loans, it could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks of cost overruns and noncompletion of renovations of properties in transition may result in significant losses. 
 The renovation, refurbishment or expansion of a property by a borrower involves risks of cost overruns and noncompletion. Estimates of the costs of improvements to bring an acquired property up to standards established for the market position intended for that property may prove inaccurate. Other risks may include rehabilitation costs exceeding original estimates, possibly making a project uneconomical, environmental risks, delays in legal and other approvals (e.g., for condominiums) and rehabilitation and subsequent leasing of the property not being completed on schedule. If such renovation is not completed in a timely manner, or if it costs more than expected, the borrower may experience a prolonged reduction of net operating income and may not be able to make payments on our investment on a timely basis or at all, which could result in significant losses. 
 There are increased risks involved with our construction lending activities. 
 Our construction lending activities, which include our investment in loans that fund the construction or development of real estate-related assets, may expose us to increased lending risks. Construction lending generally is considered to involve a higher degree of risk of non-payment and loss than other types of lending due to a variety of factors, including the difficulties in estimating construction costs and anticipating construction delays (or governmental shut-downs of construction activity) and, generally, the dependency on timely, successful completion and the lease-up and commencement of operations post-completion. In addition, since such loans generally entail greater risk than mortgage loans collateralized by income-producing property, we may need to increase our allowance for loan losses in the future to account for the likely increase in probable incurred credit losses associated with such loans. Further, as the lender under a construction loan, we may be obligated to fund all or a significant portion of the loan at one or more future dates. We may not have the funds available at such future date(s) to meet our funding obligations under the loan. In that event, we would likely be in breach of the loan unless we are able to raise the funds from alternative sources, which we may not be able to achieve on favorable terms or at all. 
 If a borrower fails to complete the construction of a project or experiences cost overruns, there could be adverse consequences associated with the loan, including a decline in the value of the property securing the loan, a borrower claim against us for failure to perform under the loan documents if we choose to stop funding, increased costs to the borrower that the borrower is unable to pay, a bankruptcy filing by the borrower, and abandonment by the borrower of the collateral for the loan. 
 Loans or investments involving international real estate-related assets are subject to special risks that we may not manage effectively, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 We invest a material portion of our capital in assets outside the United States and may increase the percentage of our investments outside the United States over time. Our investments in non-domestic real estate-related assets subject us to certain risks associated with international investments generally, including, among others: 
 17 

currency exchange matters, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates and costs associated with conversion of investment principal and income from one currency into another, which, if not adequately hedged, may have an adverse impact on the valuation of our assets or income, including for purposes of our REIT requirements; 
 less developed or efficient financial markets than in the United States, which may lead to potential price volatility and relative illiquidity; 
 the burdens of complying with international regulatory requirements, including the requirements imposed by exchanges on which our international affiliates list debt securities issued in connection with the financing of our loans or investments involving international real-estate related assets, and prohibitions that differ between jurisdictions; 
 changes in laws or clarifications to existing laws that could impact our tax treaty positions, which could adversely impact the returns on our investments; 
 a less developed legal or regulatory environment, differences in the legal and regulatory environment or enhanced legal and regulatory compliance; 
 political hostility to investments by foreign investors; 
 higher rates of inflation; 
 higher transaction costs; 
 greater difficulty enforcing contractual obligations; 
 fewer investor protections; 
 war or other hostilities; 
 certain economic and political risks, including potential exchange control regulations and restrictions on our non-U.S. investments and repatriation of profits from investments or of capital invested, the risks of political, economic or social instability, the possibility of expropriation or confiscatory taxation and adverse economic and political developments; and 
 potentially adverse tax consequences. 
 If any of the foregoing risks were to materialize, they could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 A prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession or declining real estate values could impair our investments and harm our operations. 
 We believe the risks associated with our business will be more severe during periods of economic slowdown or recession if these periods are accompanied by declining real estate values. Declining real estate values will likely reduce the level of new mortgage and other real estate-related loan originations since borrowers often use appreciation in the value of their existing properties to support the purchase of or investment in additional properties. Borrowers may also be less able to pay principal and interest on our loans if the value of real estate weakens. Further, declining real estate values significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses on our loans in the event of default because the value of our collateral may be insufficient to cover its cost on the loan. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses could adversely affect our Manager s ability to invest in, sell and securitize loans, which would materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and business and our ability to pay dividends to stockholders. 
 Market disruptions in a single country could cause a worsening of conditions on a regional and even global level, and economic problems in a single country are increasingly affecting other markets and economies. A continuation of this trend could result in problems in one country adversely affecting regional and even global economic conditions and markets. For example, concerns about the fiscal stability and growth prospects of certain European countries in the last economic downturn had a negative impact on most economies of the Eurozone and global markets. More recently, Russia s invasion of Ukraine has disrupted energy prices and the movement of goods in Europe resulting in rising energy 
 18 

costs and inflation more generally, particularly in Europe. The occurrence of similar crises in the future could cause increased volatility in the economies and financial markets of countries throughout a region, or even globally. 
 Additionally, global trade disruption, significant introductions of trade barriers and bilateral trade frictions, including due to war or other hostilities, together with any future downturns in the global economy resulting therefrom, could adversely affect our performance. 
 Concerns regarding the stability of the sovereign debt of certain European countries and other geopolitical issues and market perceptions concerning the instability of the Euro, the potential re-introduction of individual currencies within the Eurozone, or the potential dissolution of the Euro entirely, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A portion of our investments consists of assets secured by European collateral. The sovereign debt crisis experienced by several European Union (E.U.) countries in 2008-2012, together with the risk of contagion to other more financially stable countries, raised a number of uncertainties regarding the stability and overall standing of the European Monetary Union. Concern over such uncertainties has been exacerbated by other geopolitical issues that may affect the Eurozone. Any deterioration in the global or Eurozone economy could have a significant adverse effect on our activities and the value of any European collateral. 
 In addition, we currently hold assets and may acquire additional assets that are denominated in British Pounds Sterling. Euros, Swedish Kronor, Swiss Francs, and Danish Kroner. Any deterioration in the Eurozone economy could have a material adverse effect on the value of our investment in such assets and amplify the currency risks faced by us. 
 If any country were to leave the Eurozone, or if the Eurozone were to break up entirely, the treatment of debt obligations previously denominated in Euros is uncertain. A number of issues would be raised, such as whether obligations that are expressed to be payable in Euros would be re-denominated into a new currency. The answer to this and other questions is uncertain and would depend on the way in which the break-up occurred and also on the nature of the transaction; the law governing it; which courts have jurisdiction in relation to it; the place of payment; and the place of incorporation of the payor. If we were to hold any investments in Euros at the time of any Eurozone exits or break-up, this uncertainty and potential re-denomination could have a material adverse effect on the value of our investments and the income from them. 
 The transition away from reference rates and the use of alternative replacement reference rates may adversely affect net interest income related to our loans and investments or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments. 
 LIBOR and certain other floating rate benchmark indices to which our floating rate loans and other loan agreements are tied, including, without limitation, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, or EURIBOR, the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate, or STIBOR, the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate, or BBSY, the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, or CDOR, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight, or SARON, and the Copenhagen Interbank Offering Rate, or CIBOR, or collectively, IBORs, have been the subject of national, international and regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. As of December 31, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Association, or IBA, ceased publication of most non-USD LIBOR settings. IBA also previously announced its intention to cease publication of remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings immediately after June 30, 2023; however, in November 2022 the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates IBA, announced a public consultation regarding whether it should compel IBA to continue publishing synthetic USD LIBOR settings from June 2023 to the end of September 2024. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, or LIBOR Act, was signed into law in the U.S. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts maturing after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. Under the LIBOR Act, such contracts will automatically transition as a matter of law to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, based replacement rate identified by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or Federal Reserve. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Federal Reserve. In July 2022, the Federal Reserve issued a notice of proposed rulemaking implementing the LIBOR Act. As of December 31, 2022, no regulations have been promulgated. 
 
 The Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, or ARRC, a steering committee composed of large U.S. financial institutions, identified SOFR, a new index calculated using short-term repurchase agreements backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for USD LIBOR. According to the ARRC, data from the cash and derivatives markets show continued momentum in the transition from LIBOR to SOFR, and SOFR is currently predominant across cash and derivatives markets. As of December 31, 2022, one-month term SOFR is utilized as the floating benchmark rate on 76 of our loans, the financing provided by the 2020 FL3 and the 2020 FL2 CLOs, one of 
 19 

our asset-specific financings, certain borrowings under twelve of our credit facilities, and our B-4 Term Loan. As of December 31, 2022, one-month term SOFR was 4.36 and the one-month USD LIBOR was 4.39 . Additionally, market participants have continued to transition from GBP LIBOR to the Sterling Overnight Index Average, or SONIA, in line with guidance from the U.K. regulators. As of December 31, 2022, daily compounded SONIA is utilized as the floating benchmark rate for all of our floating rate British Pound Sterling loans and related financings. As of December 31, 2022, 63.5 of our aggregate loan principal balance has either transitioned to the applicable replacement benchmark rate, or its existing benchmark rate is not expected to be replaced, and we expect to transition the remaining 36.5 in 2023. 
 At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond in the future to SOFR, SONIA, or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from USD LIBOR and GBP LIBOR proceeds. Despite the LIBOR transition in other markets, benchmark rate methodologies in Europe, Australia, Canada, Switzerland and Denmark have been reformed and rates such as EURIBOR, STIBOR, BBSY, CDOR, SARON and CIBOR may persist as International Organization of Securities Commissions, or IOSCO, compliant reference rates moving forward. However, multi-rate environments may persist in these markets as regulators and working groups have suggested market participants adopt alternative reference rates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our loan portfolio included 9.6 billion of floating rate investments with maximum maturities extending past 2023 for which the interest rate was tied to USD LIBOR. Additionally, we had 8.3 billion of floating rate debt with maximum maturities extending past 2023 tied to USD LIBOR. Our loan agreements generally allow us to choose a new index based upon comparable information if the current index is no longer available. While recently there has been a significant clarification of guidance across products on the recommended timing and form of certain transition milestones from industry working groups, overall there is still a substantial amount of uncertainty in the marketplace regarding the transition away from IBOR benchmarks. This uncertainty and timing can materially impact our approach to IBOR transition efforts, which we have monitored and evaluated throughout 2022 and expect to have to continuously monitor and evaluate through the expected transition by end of year 2023. In addition, any IBOR benchmark may perform differently during any phase-out period than in the past. As such, the potential effect of any such event on our cost of capital and net investment income cannot yet be determined and any changes to benchmark interest rates could increase our financing costs, which could impact our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments. We may need to renegotiate certain of our loan agreements with lenders and borrowers that extend past 2023, which could require us to incur significant expense and may subject us to disputes or litigation over the appropriateness or comparability to the relevant IBOR benchmark of the replacement reference rates. Moreover, the elimination of the IBOR benchmarks and/or changes to another index could result in mismatches with the interest rate of investments that we are financing. See -Risks Related to Our Financing and Hedging-Our use of leverage may create a mismatch with the duration and interest rate of investments that we are financing . In addition, the overall financial markets may be disrupted as a result of the phase-out or replacement of IBOR. 
 Transactions denominated in foreign currencies subject us to foreign currency risks. 
 We hold assets denominated in various foreign currencies, including, without limitation, British Pounds Sterling, Euros, Swedish Kronor, Swiss Francs, Danish Kroner, Canadian Dollars and Australian Dollars, which exposes us to foreign currency risk. As a result, a change in foreign currency exchange rates may have an adverse impact on the valuation of our assets, as well as our income and cash flows. While we have not experienced any adverse impacts during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to our use of derivative instruments, we cannot assure that we will continue to utilize such measures or that such measures will be successful. Any such changes in foreign currency exchange rates may impact the measurement of such assets or income for the purposes of our REIT tests and may affect the amounts available for payment of dividends on our class A common stock. 
 
 Our success depends on the availability of attractive investments and our Manager s ability to identify, structure, consummate, leverage, manage and realize returns on our investments. 
 Our operating results are dependent upon the availability of, as well as our Manager s ability to identify, structure, consummate, leverage, manage and realize returns on our investments. In general, the availability of favorable investment opportunities and, consequently, our returns, will be affected by the level and volatility of interest rates and credit spreads, conditions in the financial markets, general economic conditions, the demand for investment opportunities in our target assets and the supply of capital for such investment opportunities. We cannot assure you that our Manager will be successful in identifying and consummating investments that satisfy our rate of return objectives or that such investments, once made, will perform as anticipated. 
 20 

Real estate valuation is inherently subjective and uncertain. 
 The valuation of real estate and therefore the valuation of any collateral underlying our loans is inherently subjective due to, among other factors, the individual nature of each property, its location, the expected future rental revenues from that particular property and the valuation methodology adopted. In addition, where we invest in construction loans, initial valuations will assume completion of the project. As a result, the valuations of the real estate assets against which we will make or acquire loans are subject to a large degree of uncertainty and are made on the basis of assumptions and methodologies that may not prove to be accurate, particularly in periods of volatility, low transaction flow or restricted debt availability in the commercial or residential real estate markets. 
 Our loans and investments may be concentrated in terms of geography, asset types and sponsors, which could subject us to increased risk of loss. 
 We are not required to observe specific diversification criteria, except as may be set forth in the investment guidelines adopted by our board of directors. Therefore, our investments may at times be concentrated in certain property types that may be subject to higher risk of default or foreclosure, or secured by properties concentrated in a limited number of geographic locations. 
 To the extent that our assets are concentrated in any one region, sponsor or type of asset, economic and business downturns generally relating to such type of asset, sponsor or region may result in defaults on a number of our investments within a short time period, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, because of asset concentrations, even modest changes in the value of the underlying real estate assets could have a significant impact on the value of our investment. As a result of any high levels of concentration, any adverse economic, political or other conditions that disproportionately affects those geographic areas or asset classes could have a magnified adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, and the value of our stockholders investments could vary more widely than if we invested in a more diverse portfolio of loans. 
 The due diligence process that our Manager undertakes in regard to investment opportunities may not reveal all facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment and if our Manager incorrectly evaluates the risks of our investments we may experience losses. 
 Before making investments for us, our Manager conducts due diligence that it deems reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances relevant to each potential investment. When conducting due diligence, our Manager may be required to evaluate important and complex issues, including but not limited to those related to business, financial, tax, accounting, environmental, ESG, legal, and regulatory and macroeconomic trends. With respect to ESG, the nature and scope of our Manager s diligence will vary based on the investment, but may include a review of, among other things: energy management, air and water pollution, land contamination, diversity, human rights, employee health and safety, accounting standards and bribery and corruption. Outside consultants, legal advisors, accountants and investment banks may be involved in the due diligence process in varying degrees depending on the type of potential investment. Selecting and evaluating material ESG factors is subjective by nature, and there is no guarantee that the criteria utilized or judgment exercised by our Manager or a third-party ESG specialist (if any) will reflect the beliefs, values, internal policies or preferred practices of any particular investor or align with the beliefs or values or preferred practices of other asset managers or with market trends. The materiality of sustainability risks and impacts on an individual potential investment or portfolio as a whole are dependent on many factors, including the relevant industry, country, asset class and investment style. Our Manager s loss estimates may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. If our Manager underestimates the asset-level losses relative to the price we pay for a particular investment, we may experience losses with respect to such investment. 
 Moreover, investment analyses and decisions by our Manager may frequently be required to be undertaken on an expedited basis to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the information available to our Manager at the time of making an investment decision may be limited, and they may not have access to detailed information regarding such investment. Further, some matters covered by our Manager s diligence, such as ESG, are continuously evolving and our Manager may not accurately or fully anticipate such evolution. For instance, our Manager s ESG framework does not represent a universally recognized standard for assessing ESG considerations as there are different frameworks and methodologies being implemented by other asset managers, in addition to numerous international initiatives on the subject. There has also been recent regulatory focus on the marketing of socially conscious investment strategies and the methodology used to evaluate ESG, which has resulted in fines and penalties related to insufficient assessment processes around the marketing of investments marketed as ESG. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Manager will have knowledge of all circumstances that may adversely affect such investment. 
 21 

Insurance on loans and real estate securities collateral may not cover all losses. 
 There are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, terrorism or acts of war, which may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors also might result in insurance proceeds insufficient to repair or replace a property if it is damaged or destroyed. Under these circumstances, the insurance proceeds received with respect to a property relating to one of our investments might not be adequate to restore our economic position with respect to our investment. Any uninsured loss could result in the corresponding nonperformance of or loss on our investment related to such property. 
 The impact of any future terrorist attacks and the availability of affordable terrorism insurance expose us to certain risks. 
 Terrorist attacks including cyber sabotage or similar attacks, the anticipation of any such attacks, and the consequences of any military or other response by the United States and its allies may have an adverse impact on the global financial markets and the economy in general. We cannot predict the severity of the effect that any such future events would have on the global financial markets, the economy or our business. Any future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the credit quality of some of our loans and investments. Some of our loans and investments will be more susceptible to such adverse effects than others, particularly those secured by properties in major cities or properties that are prominent landmarks or public attractions. We may suffer losses as a result of the adverse impact of any future terrorist attacks and these losses may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 In addition, the enactment of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, or TRIA, requires insurers to make terrorism insurance available under their property and casualty insurance policies and provides federal compensation to insurers for insured losses. TRIA was reauthorized, with some adjustments to its provisions, in December 2019 for seven years through December 31, 2027. However, this legislation does not regulate the pricing of such insurance and there is no assurance that this legislation will be extended beyond 2027. The absence of affordable insurance coverage may adversely affect the general real estate lending market, lending volume and the market s overall liquidity and may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us and the pace at which we are able to make investments. If the properties that we invest in are unable to obtain affordable insurance coverage, the value of those investments could decline and in the event of an uninsured loss, we could lose all or a portion of our investment. 
 The properties underlying our investments may be subject to unknown liabilities, including environmental liabilities, that could affect the value of these properties and as a result, our investments. 
 Collateral properties underlying our investments may be subject to unknown or unquantifiable liabilities that may adversely affect the value of our investments. Such defects or deficiencies may include title defects, title disputes, liens, servitudes or other encumbrances on the mortgaged properties. The discovery of such unknown defects, deficiencies and liabilities could affect the ability of our borrowers to make payments to us or could affect our ability to foreclose and sell the underlying properties, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Furthermore, to the extent we foreclose on properties with respect to which we have extended loans, we may be subject to environmental liabilities arising from such foreclosed properties. Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of real property may become liable for the costs of removal of certain hazardous substances released on its property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. In addition, we could be subject to similar liabilities in applicable foreign jurisdictions. 
 If we foreclose on any properties underlying our investments, the presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our ability to sell the property and we may incur substantial remediation costs, therefore the discovery of material environmental liabilities attached to such properties could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Climate change and climate change-related regulation may adversely affect our business and financial results and damage our reputation. 
 There has been increasing awareness of severe weather and other climate events outside of the historical norm as well as increasing concern from government agencies about the effects of climate change on the environment. Transition risks, such as government restrictions, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and potential climate change impacts, are emerging and may increase in the future in the form of restrictions or additional requirements on the 
 22 

development of commercial real estate. Such restrictions and requirements could increase our costs or require additional technology and capital investment by our borrowers, which could adversely affect our results of operations. This is a particular concern in the western and northeastern United States, where some of the most extensive and stringent environmental laws and building construction standards in the U.S. have been enacted, and where we have properties securing our investment portfolio. 
 Further, significant physical effects of climate change including extreme weather events such as hurricanes or floods, can also have an adverse impact on certain of our borrowers properties. As the effects of climate change increase, we expect the frequency and impact of weather and climate related events and conditions to increase as well. For example, unseasonal or violent weather events can have a material impact to businesses or properties that focus on hospitality. 
 While the geographic distribution of our portfolio somewhat limits our physical climate risk, some physical risk is inherent in the properties of our borrowers, particularly in certain borrowers locations and in the unknown potential for extreme weather or other events that could occur related to climate change. 
 Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, that could expose us to numerous risks. 
 Recently, there has been growing concern from advocacy groups, government agencies and the general public on ESG matters and increasingly regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing on ESG matters and related disclosures. Such governmental, investor and societal attention to ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to manage, assess and report. 
 We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by Congress, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. Further, new and emerging regulatory initiatives in the U.S., EU and U.K. related to climate change and ESG could adversely affect our business, including initiatives such as the European Commission s May 2018 action plan on financing sustainable growth and Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)-aligned disclosure requirements in the U.K. 
 These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. ESG, the ESG Proposed Rules and other sustainability matters and our response to these matters could harm our business, including in areas such as diversity, equity and inclusion, human rights, climate change and environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Further, we may choose to communicate certain initiatives and goals, regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing and social investments and other ESG related matters, in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals within the scope of ESG could be difficult and expensive to implement and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. Statements about our ESG related initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these goals. If we are unable to adequately address such ESG matters or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals within the scope of ESG on a timely basis, or at all, or if we or our borrowers fail or are perceived to fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. 
 We may be subject to lender liability claims, and if we are held liable under such claims, we could be subject to losses. 
 In recent years, a number of judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed lender liability. Generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. We cannot assure prospective investors that such claims will not arise or that we will not be subject to significant liability if a claim of this type did arise. 
 
 23 

Our investments in CMBS, CLOs, CDOs and other similar structured finance investments, as well as those we structure, sponsor or arrange, pose additional risks, including the risks of the securitization process and the risk that the special servicer, CT Investment Management Co., LLC, or CTIMCO, a subsidiary of Blackstone, may take actions that could adversely affect our interests. 
 We have invested in, and may from time to time in the future invest in, CMBS, CLOs, CDOs and other similar securities, and our investments may consist of subordinated classes of securities in a structure of securities secured by a pool of mortgages or loans. Accordingly, such securities may be the first or among the first to bear the loss upon a restructuring or liquidation of the underlying collateral and the last to receive payment of interest and principal, with only a nominal amount of equity or other debt securities junior to such positions. The estimated fair values of such subordinated interests tend to be much more sensitive to adverse economic downturns and underlying borrower developments than more senior securities. A projection of an economic downturn, for example, could cause a decline in the price of lower credit quality CMBS, CLOs or CDOs because the ability of borrowers to make principal and interest payments on the mortgages or loans underlying such securities may be impaired. 
 Subordinate interests such as the subordinated classes of securities in CMBS, CLOs, CDOs and similar structured finance investments generally are not actively traded and are relatively illiquid investments. Volatility in CMBS, CLO and CDO trading markets may cause the value of these investments to decline. In addition, if the underlying mortgage portfolio has been overvalued by the originator, or if the values subsequently decline and, as a result, less collateral value is available to satisfy interest and principal payments and any other fees in connection with the trust or other conduit arrangement for such securities, we may incur significant losses. 
 With respect to the CMBS, CLOs and CDOs in which we have invested and may invest in the future, control over the related underlying loans will be exercised through CTIMCO, or another special servicer or collateral manager designated by a directing certificateholder or a controlling class representative, or otherwise pursuant to the related securitization documents. We have in the past and may in the future acquire classes of CMBS, CLOs or CDOs, for which we may not have the right to appoint the directing certificateholder or otherwise direct the special servicing or collateral management. With respect to the management and servicing of those loans, the related special servicer or collateral manager may take actions that could adversely affect our interests. See -Risks Related to Our Financing and Hedging-We have utilized and may utilize in the future non-recourse securitizations to finance our loans and investments, which may expose us to risks that could result in losses for a discussion of additional risks related to our securitization transactions . 
 Any credit ratings assigned to our investments or to us will be subject to ongoing evaluations and revisions and we cannot assure you that those ratings will not be downgraded. 
 Some of our investments, including the notes issued in our securitization transactions for which we are required to retain a portion of the credit risk, have been, and in the future may be, rated by rating agencies. Any credit ratings on our investments are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and we cannot assure you that any such ratings will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant. If rating agencies assign a lower-than-expected rating or reduce or withdraw, or indicate that they may reduce or withdraw, their ratings of our investments in the future, the value and liquidity of our investments could significantly decline, which would adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio and could result in losses upon disposition or the failure of borrowers to satisfy their debt service obligations to us. 
 Further, any downgrade of the Company s credit ratings by any of the principal credit agencies may make it more difficult and costly for us to access capital. There can be no assurances that our credit ratings will not be downgraded in the future, whether as a result of deteriorating general economic conditions, failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the adverse impact on our results of operations or liquidity position of any of the above, or otherwise. 
 Investments in non-conforming and non-investment grade rated loans or securities involve increased risk of loss. 
 Many of our investments may not conform to conventional loan standards applied by traditional lenders and either will not be rated (as is typically the case for private loans) or will be rated as non-investment grade by the rating agencies. Private loans often are not rated by credit rating agencies. Non-investment grade ratings typically result from the overall leverage of the loans, the lack of a strong operating history for the properties underlying the loans, the borrowers credit history, the underlying properties cash flow or other factors. As a result, these investments should be expected to have a higher risk of default and loss than investment-grade rated assets. Any loss we incur may be significant and may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. There are no limits on the percentage of unrated or non-investment grade rated assets we may hold in our investment portfolio. 
 24 

Provisions for loan losses are difficult to estimate. 
 Our provision for loan losses is evaluated on a quarterly basis. The determination of our provision for loan losses requires us to make certain estimates and judgments, which may be difficult to determine. Our estimates and judgments are based on a number of factors, including projected cash flow from the collateral securing our loans, debt structure, including the availability of reserves and recourse guarantees, likelihood of repayment in full at the maturity of a loan, potential for refinancing and expected market discount rates for varying property types, all of which remain uncertain and are subjective. Our estimates and judgments may not be correct and, therefore, our results of operations and financial condition could be severely impacted. 
 Some of our portfolio investments may be recorded at fair value and, as a result, there will be uncertainty as to the value of these investments. 
 Some of our portfolio investments may be in the form of positions or securities that are not publicly traded, but are recorded at estimated fair value. The fair value of securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable. We will value these investments quarterly at fair value, which may include unobservable inputs. Because such valuations are subjective, the fair value of certain of our assets may fluctuate over short periods of time and our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of these investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon their disposal. 
 Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on joint venture partners financial condition and liquidity and disputes between us and our joint venture partners. 
 We have made, and may in the future make, investments through joint ventures. Such joint venture investments may involve risks not otherwise present when we originate or acquire investments without partners, including the following: 
 
 we may not have exclusive control over the investment or the joint venture, which may prevent us from taking actions that are in our best interest and could create the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, such as with respect to acquisitions or dispositions; 
 
 joint venture agreements often restrict the transfer of a partner s interest or may otherwise restrict our ability to sell the interest when we desire and/or on advantageous terms; 
 joint venture agreements may contain buy-sell provisions pursuant to which one partner may initiate procedures requiring the other partner to choose between buying the other partner s interest or selling its interest to that partner; 
 
 a partner may, at any time, have economic or business interests or goals that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals; 
 
 a partner may fail to fund its share of required capital contributions or may become bankrupt, which may mean that we and any other remaining partners generally would remain liable for the joint venture s liabilities; 
 
 disputes between us and a partner may result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and prevent our Manager and our officers and directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business and could result in subjecting the investments owned by the joint venture to additional risk; or 
 
 we may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of a partner, and the activities of a partner could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT or maintain our exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act, even though we do not control the joint venture. 
 
 Any of the above may subject us to liabilities in excess of those contemplated and adversely affect the value of our joint venture investments. 

25 

Risks Related to Our Financing and Hedging 
 Our significant amount of debt may subject us to increased risk of loss and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We currently have outstanding indebtedness and, subject to market conditions and availability, we may incur a significant amount of additional debt through repurchase agreements, bank credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities), warehouse facilities and structured financing arrangements, public and private debt issuances (including through securitizations) and derivative instruments, in addition to transaction or asset specific funding arrangements. We may also issue additional debt or equity securities to fund our growth. The type and percentage of leverage we employ will vary depending on our available capital, our ability to obtain and access financing arrangements with lenders, the type of assets we are funding, whether the financing is recourse or non-recourse, debt restrictions contained in those financing arrangements and the lenders and rating agencies estimate of the stability of our investment portfolio s cash flow. We may significantly increase the amount of leverage we utilize at any time without approval of our board of directors. In addition, we may leverage individual assets at substantially higher levels. Incurring substantial debt could subject us to many risks that, if realized, would materially and adversely affect us, including the risk that: 
 our cash flow from operations may be insufficient to make required payments of principal of and interest on our debt or we may fail to comply with covenants contained in our debt agreements, which is likely to result in (i) acceleration of such debt (and any other debt containing a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision), which we then may be unable to repay from internal funds or to refinance on favorable terms, or at all, (ii) our inability to borrow undrawn amounts under our financing arrangements, even if we are current in payments on borrowings under those arrangements, which would result in a decrease in our liquidity, and/or (iii) the loss of some or all of our collateral assets to foreclosure or sale; 
 our debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions with no assurance that investment yields will increase in an amount sufficient to offset the higher financing costs; 
 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, future business opportunities, stockholder distributions or other purposes; and 
 we may not be able to refinance any debt that matures prior to the maturity (or realization) of an underlying investment it was used to finance on favorable terms or at all. 
 There can be no assurance that a leveraging strategy will be successful, and such strategy may subject us to increased risk of loss, harm our liquidity and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Interest rate fluctuations could increase our financing costs, which could lead to a significant decrease in our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments. 
 To the extent that our financing costs are determined by reference to floating rates, such as IBORs, SOFR, SONIA, or any other replacement rate, or a Treasury index, the amount of such costs will depend on the level and movement of interest rates. In a period of rising interest rates, our interest expense on floating rate debt would increase, while any additional interest income we earn on our floating rate investments may be subject to caps and may not compensate for such increase in interest expense. At the same time, the interest income we earn on our fixed rate investments would not change, the duration and weighted average life of our fixed rate investments would increase and the market value of our fixed rate investments would decrease. Similarly, in a period of declining interest rates, our interest income on floating rate investments would decrease, while any decrease in the interest we are charged on our floating rate debt may be subject to floors and may not compensate for such decrease in interest income and interest we are charged on our fixed rate debt would not change. Any such scenario could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our secured debt agreements impose, and additional lending facilities may impose, restrictive covenants, which may restrict our flexibility to determine our operating policies and investment strategy. 
 We borrow funds under secured debt agreements with various counterparties. The documents that govern these secured debt agreements and the related guarantees contain, and additional lending facilities may contain, customary affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants applicable to us that may restrict our flexibility to determine our operating policies and investment strategy. In particular, these agreements may require us to maintain specified minimum levels of capacity under our credit facilities and cash. As a result, we may not be able to leverage our assets as fully as we 
 26 

would otherwise choose, which could reduce our return on assets. If we are unable to meet these collateral obligations, our financial condition and prospects could deteriorate significantly. If we fail to meet or satisfy any of these covenants, we would be in default under these agreements, and our lenders could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable, terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional collateral and enforce their interests against existing collateral. We may also be subject to cross-default and acceleration rights in our other debt arrangements. Further, this could also make it difficult for us to satisfy the distribution requirements necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Our master repurchase agreements, credit facilities, or other financing that we may use in the future to finance our assets currently require, or in the future may require, us to provide additional collateral or pay down debt. 
 Our master repurchase agreements with various counterparties, any bank credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities), and additional repurchase agreements or other financing we may enter into in the future, involve the risk that the market value of the assets pledged or sold by us to the provider of the financing may decline in value, in which case the lender or counterparty may require us to provide additional collateral or lead to margin calls that may require us to repay all or a portion of the funds advanced. We may not have the funds available to repay our debt at that time, which would likely result in defaults unless we are able to raise the funds from alternative sources, including by selling assets at a time when we might not otherwise choose to do so, which we may not be able to achieve on favorable terms or at all. Posting additional collateral would reduce our cash available to make other, higher yielding investments, thereby decreasing our return on equity. If we cannot meet these requirements, the lender or counterparty could accelerate our indebtedness, increase the interest rate on advanced funds and terminate our ability to borrow funds from it, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and ability to implement our investment strategy. In the case of repurchase transactions, if the value of the underlying security has declined as of the end of that term, or if we default on our obligations under the repurchase agreement, we will likely incur a loss on our repurchase transactions. 
 Our use of leverage may create a mismatch with the duration and interest rate of the investments that we are financing. 
 We generally structure our leverage in order to minimize the difference between the term of our investments and the leverage we use to finance such investments. In the event that our leverage is for a shorter term than the financed investment, we may not be able to extend or find appropriate replacement leverage and that would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and our returns. In the event that our leverage is for a longer term than the financed investment, we may not be able to repay such leverage or replace the financed investment with an optimal substitute or at all, which will negatively impact our desired leveraged returns. 
 We also seek to structure our leverage such that we minimize the variability between the interest rate of our investments and the interest rate of our leverage - financing floating rate investments with floating rate leverage and fixed rate investments with fixed rate leverage. If such a product is not available to us from our lenders on reasonable terms, we may use hedging instruments to effectively create such a match. For example, in the case of fixed rate investments, we may finance such investments with floating rate leverage, but effectively convert all or a portion of the attendant leverage to fixed rate using hedging strategies. 
 Our attempts to mitigate such risk are subject to factors outside of our control, such as the availability to us of favorable financing and hedging options, which is subject to a variety of factors, of which duration and term matching are only two. A duration mismatch may also occur when borrowers prepay their loans faster or slower than expected. The risks of a duration mismatch are also magnified by the potential for the extension of loans in order to maximize the likelihood and magnitude of their recovery value in the event the loans experience credit or performance challenges. Employment of this asset management practice would effectively extend the duration of our investments, while our hedges or liabilities may have set maturity dates. 
 Our loans and investments may be subject to fluctuations in interest rates that may not be adequately protected, or protected at all, by our hedging strategies. 
 Our assets include loans with either floating interest rates or fixed interest rates. Floating rate loans earn interest at rates that adjust from time to time (typically monthly) based upon an index (typically one-month LIBOR or SOFR). These floating rate loans are insulated from changes in value specifically due to changes in interest rates; however, the coupons they earn fluctuate based upon interest rates (again, typically one-month LIBOR or SOFR) and, in a declining and/or low interest rate environment, these loans will earn lower rates of interest and this will impact our operating performance. For more information about our risks related to the recent and expected discontinuation of currently used financial reference rates, see The transition away from financial reference rates and the use of alternative replacement reference rates may adversely affect interest expense related to our loans and investments or otherwise adversely affect our results of 
 27 

operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments above. Fixed interest rate loans, however, do not have adjusting interest rates and the relative value of the fixed cash flows from these loans will decrease as prevailing interest rates rise or increase as prevailing interest rates fall, causing potentially significant changes in value. We may employ various hedging strategies to limit the effects of changes in interest rates (and in some cases credit spreads), including engaging in interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate derivative products. We believe that no strategy can completely insulate us from the risks associated with interest rate changes and there is a risk that such strategies may provide no protection at all and potentially compound the impact of changes in interest rates. Hedging transactions involve certain additional risks such as counterparty risk, leverage risk, the legal enforceability of hedging contracts, the early repayment of hedged transactions and the risk that unanticipated and significant changes in interest rates may cause a significant loss of basis in the contract and a change in current period expense. We cannot make assurances that we will be able to enter into hedging transactions or that such hedging transactions will adequately protect us against the foregoing risks. 
 Accounting for derivatives under GAAP may be complicated. Any failure by us to meet the requirements for applying hedge accounting in accordance with GAAP could adversely affect our earnings. In particular, derivatives are required to be highly effective in offsetting changes in the value or cash flows of the hedged items (and appropriately designated and/or documented as such). If it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective at hedging the designated exposure, hedge accounting would be discontinued and the changes in fair value of the instrument would be included in our reported net income. 
 Inability to access funding could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and business. 
 Our ability to fund our loans and investments may be impacted by our ability to secure bank credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities), warehouse facilities and structured financing arrangements, public and private debt issuances (including through securitizations) and derivative instruments, in addition to transaction or asset specific funding arrangements and additional repurchase agreements on acceptable terms. We may also rely on short-term financing that would be especially exposed to changes in availability. Our access to sources of financing will depend upon a number of factors, over which we have little or no control, including: 
 general economic or market conditions; 
 the market s view of the quality of our assets; 
 the market s perception of our growth potential; 
 our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; and 
 the market price of the shares of our class A common stock. 
 We may need to periodically access the capital markets to, among other things, raise cash to fund new loans and investments. Unfavorable economic conditions or capital market conditions may increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or could result in a decision by our potential lenders not to extend credit. An inability to successfully access the capital markets could limit our ability to grow our business and fully execute our business strategy and could decrease our earnings and liquidity. In addition, any dislocation or weakness in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our lenders and could cause one or more of our lenders to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or to increase the costs of that financing. In addition, as regulatory capital requirements imposed on our lenders are increased, they may be required to limit, or increase the cost of, financing they provide to us. In general, this could potentially increase our financing costs and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. Further, as the lender to our borrowers, we may be obligated to fund all or a significant portion of a loan we have agreed to at one or more future dates. If we are unable to access funding, we may not have the funds available at such future date(s) to meet our funding obligations under a loan. In that event, we would likely be in breach of our agreement under such loan. We cannot make assurances that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 We have utilized and may continue to utilize in the future non-recourse securitizations to finance our loans and investments, which may expose us to risks that could result in losses. 
 We have utilized and may utilize in the future, non-recourse securitizations of certain of our portfolio investments to generate cash for funding new loans and investments and other purposes. These transactions generally involve creating a special-purpose entity, contributing a pool of our assets to the entity, and selling interests in the entity on a non-recourse 
 28 

basis to purchasers (whom we would expect to be willing to accept a lower interest rate to invest in investment-grade loan pools). We would expect to retain all or a portion of the equity and potentially other tranches in the securitized pool of loans or investments. In addition, we have retained in the past and may in the future retain a pari passu participation in the securitized pool of loans. Because of the interests we retain, in particular with respect to equity or similar subordinated tranches, actions taken by CTIMCO or any other entity that acts as special servicer may in the future conflict with our interests. See -Risks Related to Our Lending and Investment Activities-Our investments in CMBS, CLOs, CDOs and other similar structured finance investments, as well as those we structure, sponsor or arrange, pose additional risks, including the risks of the securitization process and the risk that the special servicer, CT Investment Management Co., LLC, or CTIMCO, a subsidiary of Blackstone, may take actions that could adversely affect our interests. 
 The inability to consummate securitizations of our portfolio to finance our loans and investments on a long-term basis could require us to seek other forms of potentially less attractive financing or to liquidate assets at an inopportune time or price, which could adversely affect our performance and our ability to grow our business. Moreover, conditions in the capital markets, including volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets which we are currently experiencing, may not permit a non-recourse securitization at any particular time or may make the issuance of any such securitization less attractive to us even when we do have sufficient eligible assets. We may also suffer losses if the value of the mortgage loans we acquire declines prior to securitization. Declines in the value of a mortgage loan can be due to, among other things, changes in interest rates and changes in the credit quality of the loan. In addition, we may suffer a loss due to the incurrence of transaction costs related to executing these transactions. To the extent that we incur a loss executing or participating in future securitizations for the reasons described above or for other reasons, it could materially and adversely impact our business and financial condition. In addition, the inability to securitize our portfolio may hurt our performance and our ability to grow our business. 
 In addition, the securitization of our portfolio might magnify our exposure to losses because any equity interest or other subordinate interest we retain in the issuing entity would be subordinate to the notes issued to investors and we would, therefore, absorb all of the losses sustained with respect to a securitized pool of assets before the owners of the notes experience any losses. Moreover, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or Dodd-Frank Act, contains a risk retention requirement for all asset-backed securities, which requires both public and private securitizers to retain not less than 5 of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing any asset-backed security issuance. Significant restrictions exist, and additional restrictions may be added in the future, regarding who may hold risk retention interests, the structure of the entities that hold risk retention interests and when and how such risk retention interests may be transferred. Therefore such risk retention interests will generally be illiquid. As a result of the risk retention requirements, we have and may in the future be required to purchase and retain certain interests in a securitization into which we sell mortgage loans and/or when we act as issuer, may be required to sell certain interests in a securitization at prices below levels that such interests have historically yielded and/or may be required to enter into certain arrangements related to risk retention that we have not historically been required to enter into. Accordingly, the risk retention rules may increase our potential liabilities and/or reduce our potential profits in connection with securitization of mortgage loans. It is likely, therefore, that these risk retention rules will increase the administrative and operational costs of asset securitizations. 
 We may be subject to losses arising from current and future guarantees of debt and contingent obligations of our subsidiaries or joint venture or co-investment partners. 
 We currently guarantee certain obligations of our subsidiaries under various arrangements that provide for significant aggregate borrowings and we may in the future guarantee the performance of additional subsidiaries obligations, including, but not limited to, additional repurchase agreements, derivative agreements and unsecured indebtedness. We also currently guarantee certain indebtedness incurred by our joint venture with Walker Dunlop Inc. and in the future may agree to guarantee other indebtedness or other obligations incurred by other joint venture or co-investment partners. Such guarantees may be on a joint and several basis with such joint venture or co-investment partner, in which case we may be liable in the event such partner defaults on its guarantee obligation. The non-performance of such obligations may cause losses to us in excess of the capital we initially may have invested or committed under such obligations and there is no assurance that we will have sufficient capital to cover any such losses. 
 Hedging against interest rate or currency exposure may adversely affect our earnings, which could reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we may pursue various hedging strategies to seek to reduce our exposure to adverse changes in interest rates and fluctuations in currencies. Our hedging activity may vary in scope based on the level and volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, the type of assets held and other changing market conditions. Interest rate and currency hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things: 
 29 

interest rate, currency and/or credit hedging can be expensive and may result in us generating less net income; 
 available interest rate or currency hedges may not correspond directly with the interest rate or currency risk for which protection is sought; 
 due to a credit loss, prepayment or asset sale, the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related asset or liability; 
 the amount of income that a REIT may earn from hedging transactions (other than hedging transactions that satisfy certain requirements of the Internal Revenue Code or that are done through a TRS (as defined below)) to offset interest rate losses is limited by U.S. federal income tax provisions governing REITs; 
 the credit quality of the hedging counterparty owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; 
 the hedging counterparty owing money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay; 
 we may fail to recalculate, readjust and execute hedges in an efficient manner; and 
 legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur and may adversely affect our ability to pursue our hedging strategies and/or increase the costs of implementing such strategies. 
 Any hedging activity in which we engage may materially and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Therefore, while we may enter into such transactions seeking to reduce risks, unanticipated changes in interest rates, credit spreads or currencies may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged may vary materially. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. 
 In addition, some hedging instruments involve additional risk because they are not traded on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities. Consequently, we cannot make assurances that a liquid secondary market will exist for hedging instruments purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in significant losses. In addition, regulatory requirements with respect to derivatives, including eligibility of counterparties, reporting, recordkeeping, exchange of margin, financial responsibility or segregation of customer funds and positions are still under development and could impact our hedging transactions and how we and our counterparty must manage such transactions. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk associated with our hedging activities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were party to outstanding derivative agreements with an aggregate notional value of 2.1 billion. We are subject to credit risk with respect to the counterparties to derivative contracts (whether a clearing corporation in the case of exchange-traded instruments or another third party in the case of OTC instruments). If a counterparty becomes bankrupt or otherwise fails to perform its obligations under a derivative contract due to financial difficulties, we may experience significant delays in obtaining any recovery under the derivative contract in a dissolution, assignment for the benefit of creditors, liquidation, winding-up, bankruptcy, or other analogous proceeding. In the event of the insolvency of a counterparty to a derivative transaction, the derivative transaction would typically be terminated at its fair market value. If we are owed this fair market value in the termination of the derivative transaction and its claim is unsecured, we will be treated as a general creditor of such counterparty, and will not have any claim with respect to the underlying security. We may obtain only a limited recovery or may obtain no recovery in such circumstances. In addition, the business failure of a counterparty with whom we enter into a hedging transaction will most likely result in its default, which may result in the loss of potential future value and the loss of our hedge and force us to cover our commitments, if any, at the then current market price. 
 30 

If we enter into certain hedging transactions or otherwise invest in certain derivative instruments, failure to obtain and maintain an exemption from being regulated as a commodity pool operator could subject us to additional regulation and compliance requirements which could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Rules under the Dodd-Frank Act establish a comprehensive regulatory framework for derivative contracts commonly referred to as swaps. Under this regulatory framework, mortgage real estate investment trusts, or mREITs, that trade in commodity interest positions (including swaps) are considered commodity pools and the operators of such mREITs would be considered commodity pool operators, or CPOs. Absent relief, a CPO must register with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC, and become a member of the National Futures Association, or NFA, which requires compliance with NFA s rules and renders such CPO subject to regulation by the CFTC, including with respect to disclosure, reporting, recordkeeping and business conduct. We may from time to time, directly or indirectly, invest in instruments that meet the definition of swap under the Dodd-Frank Act rules, which may subject us to oversight by the CFTC. Our board of directors has appointed our Manager to act as our CPO in the event we are deemed a commodity pool. 
 In the event that we invest in commodity interests, absent relief, our Manager would be required to register as a CPO. Our Manager is exempt from registration as a CPO with the CFTC pursuant to certain no-action relief for the CPO of a qualifying mortgage REIT (and in that regard, we intend to identify as a mortgage REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes). In addition, our Manager may in the future claim a different exemption from registration as a CPO with the CFTC. Therefore, unlike a registered CPO, our Manager will not be required to provide prospective investors with a CFTC compliant disclosure document, nor will our Manager be required to provide investors with periodic account statements or certified annual reports that satisfy the requirements of CFTC rules applicable to registered CPOs, in connection with any offerings of shares. 
 As an alternative to an exemption from registration, our Manager may register as a CPO with the CFTC and avail itself of certain disclosure, reporting and record-keeping relief under CFTC Rule 4.7. 
 The CFTC has substantial enforcement power with respect to violations of the laws over which it has jurisdiction, including anti-fraud and anti-manipulation provisions. Among other things, the CFTC may suspend or revoke the registration of a person who fails to comply, prohibit such a person from trading or doing business with registered entities, impose civil money penalties, require restitution and seek fines or imprisonment for criminal violations. Additionally, a private right of action exists against those who violate the laws over which the CFTC has jurisdiction or who willfully aid, abet, counsel, induce or procure a violation of those laws. In the event we fail to receive interpretive relief from the CFTC on this matter, are unable to claim an exemption from registration and fail to comply with the regulatory requirements of these new rules, we may be unable to use certain types of hedging instruments or we may be subject to significant fines, penalties and other civil or governmental actions or proceedings, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Relationship with Our Manager and its Affiliates 
 We depend on our Manager and its personnel for our success. We may not find a suitable replacement for our Manager if the Management Agreement is terminated, or if key personnel cease to be employed by our Manager or Blackstone or otherwise become unavailable to us. 
 We are externally managed and advised by our Manager, an affiliate of Blackstone. We currently have no employees and all of our officers are employees of Blackstone or its affiliates. We are completely reliant on our Manager, which has significant discretion as to the implementation of our investment and operating policies and strategies. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent upon the efforts, experience, diligence, skill, and network of business contacts of the officers and key personnel of our Manager and its affiliates, as well as the persons and firms our Manager retains to provide services on our behalf. Our Manager is managed by senior professionals of Blackstone. These individuals oversee the evaluation, negotiation, execution and monitoring of our loans and other investments and financings, and the maintenance of our qualification as a REIT and exclusion from regulation under the Investment Company Act; therefore, our success depends on their skills and management expertise and continued service with our Manager and its affiliates. Furthermore, there is increasing competition among financial sponsors, investment banks and other real estate debt investors for hiring and retaining qualified investment professionals and there can be no assurance that such professionals will continue to be associated with us, our Manager or its affiliates or that any replacements will perform well. 
 In addition, we can offer no assurance that our Manager will remain our investment manager or that we will continue to have access to our Manager s officers and key personnel. The current term of the Management Agreement extends to 
 31 

December 19, 2023 and may be renewed for additional one-year terms thereafter; provided, however, that our Manager may terminate the Management Agreement annually upon 180 days prior notice. If the Management Agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found to manage us, we may not be able to execute our business plan. Furthermore, we may incur certain costs in connection with a termination of the Management Agreement. 
 The personnel of our Manager, as our external manager, are not required to dedicate a specific portion of their time to the management of our business. 
 Neither our Manager nor any other Blackstone affiliate is obligated to dedicate any specific personnel exclusively to us, nor are they or their personnel obligated to dedicate any specific portion of their time to the management of our business. In addition, pursuant to the terms of our Management Agreement, our Manager retains, for and on our behalf and at our expense, the services of certain other persons and firms as our Manager deems necessary or advisable in connection with managing our operations. We expect that certain of these providers will include affiliates of Blackstone and its portfolio companies as we expand our business and leverage service providers to manage our growth. As a result, we cannot provide any assurances regarding the amount of time our Manager or its affiliates will dedicate to the management of our business and our Manager may have conflicts in allocating its time, resources and services among our business and any other investment vehicles and accounts our Manager (or its personnel) may manage and expenses allocable to us may increase where third parties are retained to provide services to us. Each of our officers is also an employee of our Manager or another Blackstone affiliate, who has now or may be expected to have significant responsibilities for other investment vehicles currently managed by Blackstone and its affiliates. Consequently, we may not receive the level of support and assistance that we otherwise might receive if we were internally managed. Our Manager and its affiliates are not restricted from entering into other investment advisory relationships or from engaging in other business activities. 
 Our Manager manages our portfolio pursuant to very broad investment guidelines and is not required to seek the approval of our board of directors for each investment, financing, asset allocation or hedging decision made by it, which may result in our making riskier loans and investments and which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our Manager is authorized to follow very broad investment guidelines that provide it with broad discretion over investment, financing, asset allocation and hedging decisions. Our board of directors will periodically review our investment guidelines and our loan and investment portfolio but will not, and will not be required to, review and approve in advance all of our proposed loans and investments or the Manager s financing, asset allocation or hedging decisions. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our directors rely primarily on information provided to them by our Manager or its affiliates. Subject to maintaining our REIT qualification and our exclusion from regulation under the Investment Company Act, our Manager has significant latitude within the broad investment guidelines in determining the types of loans and investments it makes for us, and how such loans and investments are financed or hedged, which could result in investment returns that are substantially below expectations or that result in losses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our Manager s fee structure may not create proper incentives or may induce our Manager and its affiliates to make certain loans or investments, including speculative investments, which increase the risk of our loan and investment portfolio. 
 We pay our Manager base management fees regardless of the performance of our portfolio. Our Manager s entitlement to base management fees, which is not based upon performance metrics or goals, might reduce its incentive to devote its time and effort to seeking loans and investments that provide attractive risk-adjusted returns for our portfolio. Because the base management fees are also based in part on our outstanding equity, our Manager may also be incentivized to advance strategies that increase our equity, and there may be circumstances where increasing our equity will not optimize the returns for our stockholders. Consequently, we are required to pay our Manager base management fees in a particular period despite experiencing a net loss or a decline in the value of our portfolio during that period. Moreover, we have in the past and may in the future pay our Manager s fees in shares of our class A common stock, which could dilute our stockholders ownership. 
 Our Manager also has the ability to earn incentive fees each quarter based on our earnings, which may create an incentive for our Manager to invest in assets with higher yield potential, which are generally riskier or more speculative, or sell an asset prematurely for a gain, in an effort to increase our short-term net income and thereby increase the incentive fees to which it is entitled. 
 In addition, we are required to reimburse our Manager or its affiliates for documented costs and expenses incurred by it and its affiliates on our behalf, except those specifically required to be borne by our Manager under our Management 
 32 

Agreement. Accordingly, to the extent that our Manager retains other parties to provide services to us, expenses allocable to us will increase. If our interests and those of our Manager are not aligned, the execution of our business plan and our results of operations could be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We and the Blackstone Vehicles have and in the future will likely compete with or enter into transactions with existing and future private and public investment vehicles established and/or managed by Blackstone or its affiliates, which may present various conflicts of interest that restrict our ability to pursue certain investment opportunities or take other actions that are beneficial to our business and/or result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 We are subject to conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with Blackstone, including our Manager and its affiliates. Three Blackstone employees serve on our board of directors, including Michael B. Nash, the executive chairman of our board of directors and chairman of Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies, or BREDS, Katharine A. Keenan, our chief executive officer, and Jonathan Pollack, the global head of Structured Finance, which includes BREDS. In addition, our chief financial officer and each of our other officers are also employees of Blackstone and/or one or more of its affiliates, and we are managed by our Manager, a Blackstone affiliate. If any matter arises that Blackstone determines in its good faith judgment constitutes an actual and material conflict of interest, Blackstone and relevant affiliates will take the actions they determine appropriate to mitigate the conflict and to act in accordance with our Management Agreement. There is no guarantee that the policies and procedures adopted by us, the terms and conditions of the Management Agreement or the policies and procedures adopted by our Manager, Blackstone and their affiliates, will enable us to identify, adequately address or mitigate these conflicts of interest in a way that is favorable to us. Some examples of conflicts of interest that may arise by virtue of our relationship with our Manager and Blackstone include: 
 Broad and Wide-Ranging Activities . Our Manager, Blackstone and their affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including a broad range of activities relating to investments in the real estate industry, and have invested or committed billions of dollars in capital through various investment funds, managed accounts and other vehicles affiliated with Blackstone. In the ordinary course of their business activities, our Manager, Blackstone and their affiliates may engage in activities where the interests of certain divisions of Blackstone and its affiliates, including our Manager, or the interests of their clients may conflict with the interests of our stockholders. Certain of these divisions and entities affiliated with our Manager have or may have an investment strategy similar to our investment strategy and therefore will likely compete with us. In particular, BREDS invests in a broad range of real estate-related debt investments via numerous different investment funds, managed accounts and other vehicles. 
 Blackstone s Policies and Procedures . Specified policies and procedures implemented by Blackstone and its affiliates, including our Manager, to mitigate potential conflicts of interest and address certain regulatory requirements and contractual restrictions may reduce the advantages across Blackstone s and its affiliates various businesses that Blackstone expects to draw on for purposes of pursuing attractive investment opportunities. Because Blackstone has many different businesses, including the Blackstone Capital Markets Group, which Blackstone investment teams and portfolio entities may engage to advise on and to execute debt and equity financings, it is subject to a number of actual and potential conflicts of interest, greater regulatory oversight and more legal and contractual restrictions than that to which it would otherwise be subject if it had just one line of business. In addressing these conflicts and regulatory, legal and contractual requirements across its various businesses, Blackstone has implemented certain policies and procedures (e.g., information walls) that may reduce the benefits that Blackstone could otherwise expect to utilize for our Manager for purposes of identifying and managing our investments. For example, Blackstone may come into possession of material non-public information with respect to companies that are clients of Blackstone or its affiliates, in which our Manager may be considering making an investment. As a consequence, that information, which could be of benefit to our Manager, might become restricted to those other businesses and otherwise be unavailable to our Manager, and could also restrict our Manager s activities. Additionally, the terms of confidentiality or other agreements with or related to companies in which any investment vehicle of Blackstone has or has considered making an investment or which is otherwise a client of Blackstone and its affiliates may restrict or otherwise limit the ability of Blackstone or its affiliates, including our Manager, to engage in businesses or activities competitive with such companies. 
 Allocation of Investment Opportunities . Certain inherent conflicts of interest arise from the fact that Blackstone and its affiliates, including our Manager, will provide investment management and other services both to us and to any other person or entity, whether or not the investment objectives or guidelines of any such other person or entity are similar to ours, including, without limitation, the sponsoring, closing and/or managing of any investment funds, vehicles, REITs, accounts, products and/or other similar arrangements sponsored, advised, and/or managed 
 33 

by Blackstone or its affiliates, whether currently in existence or subsequently established (in each case, including any related successor funds, alternative vehicles, supplemental capital vehicles, surge funds, over-flow funds, co-investment vehicles, other entities formed in connection with Blackstone or its affiliates side-by-side or additional general partner investments with respect thereto, and portfolio companies/entities), which we refer to as the Blackstone Vehicles. The respective investment guidelines and programs of our business and certain of the Blackstone Vehicles overlap, in whole or in part, and where there is any such overlap, investment opportunities will be allocated between us and the Blackstone Vehicles in a manner that may result in fewer investment opportunities being allocated to us than would have otherwise been the case in the absence of such Blackstone Vehicles. In particular, while our primary investment strategies differ from those of Blackstone s latest flagship real estate debt fund, Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies IV L.P. and potential successor funds and related separately managed accounts, or, collectively, BREDS Debt Funds, and Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., or BREIT, in that we generally seek to invest primarily in senior mortgage loans and other similar interests, BREDS Debt Funds generally seeks to invest primarily in real estate-related debt with a high-yield risk profile such as junior mortgage debt, mezzanine debt, and other subordinate structured debt investments, BREIT generally seeks to invest primarily in real estate equity with a minority of its portfolio invested in liquid debt securities, a significant portion of the capital of BREDS Debt Funds and BREIT (and/or other Blackstone Vehicles) may nonetheless be invested in investments that would also be appropriate for us. The allocation methodology applied between us and one or more of the Blackstone Vehicles may result in us not participating (and/or not participating to the same extent) in certain investment opportunities in which we would have otherwise participated had the related allocations been determined without regard to such guidelines and/or based only on the circumstances of those particular investments. Our Manager, Blackstone or their affiliates may also give advice to Blackstone Vehicles that may differ from advice given to us even though their investment objectives may be the same or similar to ours. 
 As a result, we will from time to time invest in real estate-related debt investments alongside certain Blackstone Vehicles that are part of the BREDS program and other vehicles that include a focus on real estate-related debt investments, including, but not limited to, BREDS Debt Funds and BREIT. To the extent any Blackstone Vehicles have investment objectives or guidelines that overlap with ours, in whole or in part, investment opportunities that fall within such common objectives or guidelines will generally be allocated among one or more of us and such other Blackstone Vehicles on a basis that our Manager and applicable Blackstone affiliates determines to be fair and reasonable in its sole discretion, subject to (i) any applicable investment objectives, parameters, limitations and other contractual provisions applicable to us and such other Blackstone Vehicles, (ii) us and such other Blackstone Vehicles having available capital with respect thereto, and (iii) legal, tax, accounting, regulatory and other considerations deemed relevant by our Manager and its affiliates (including, without limitation, the relative risk-return profile of such investment and instrument type, the specific nature and terms of the investment, size and type of the investment, readily available financing, relative investment strategies and primary investment mandates, portfolio diversification concerns, the investment focus, guidelines, limitations, and strategy of each investment fund or vehicle, co-investment arrangements, the different liquidity positions and requirements in each fund or vehicle, underwritten leverage levels of a loan, portfolio concentration considerations (including, but not limited to, (A) allocations necessary for us or the Blackstone Vehicles to maintain a particular concentration in a certain type of investment and (B) whether we or a particular Blackstone Vehicle already has its desired exposure to the investment, sector, industry, geographic region or markets in question), contractual obligations, other anticipated uses of capital, the source of the investment opportunity, credit ratings, the ability of a client, fund and/or vehicle to employ leverage, hedging, derivatives, syndication strategies or other similar strategies in connection with acquiring, holding or disposing of the particular investment opportunity, and any requirements or other terms of any existing leverage facilities, geographic focus, remaining investment period, the credit/default profile of an issuer, the extent of involvement of the respective teams of investment professionals dedicated to the Manager and other Blackstone Vehicles, the likelihood/immediacy of foreclosure or conversion to an equity or control opportunity, and other considerations deemed relevant in good faith in their sole discretion). There is no assurance that any conflicts will be resolved in our favor. Our Manager is entitled to amend its investment objectives or guidelines at any time without prior notice or our consent. 
 Investments in Different Levels or Classes of an Issuer s Securities . We and the Blackstone Vehicles have made and in the future will likely make investments at different levels of an issuer s or borrower s capital structure (e.g., an investment by a Blackstone Vehicle in an equity, debt or mezzanine interest with respect to the same portfolio entity in which we own a debt interest or vice versa) or otherwise in different classes of the same issuer s securities. We may make investments that are senior or junior to, or have rights and interests different from or adverse to, the investments made by the Blackstone Vehicles (and in certain circumstances our Manager will be unaware of another Blackstone Vehicle s participation, as a result of information walls or otherwise). Such investments may conflict with the interests of such Blackstone Vehicles in related investments, and the potential for any such conflicts of interests may be heightened in the event of a default or restructuring of any such 
 34 

investments. Actions may be taken for the Blackstone Vehicles that are adverse to us, including with respect to the timing and manner of sale and actions taken in circumstances of financial distress. In addition, in connection with such investments, Blackstone will generally seek to implement certain procedures to mitigate conflicts of interest which typically involve us maintaining a non-controlling interest in any such investment and a forbearance of rights, including certain non-economic rights, relating to the Blackstone Vehicles, such as where Blackstone may cause us to decline to exercise certain control- and/or foreclosure-related rights with respect to a portfolio entity (including following the vote of other third party lenders generally or otherwise recusing ourselves with respect to decisions), including with respect to both normal course ongoing matters (such as consent rights with respect to loan modifications in intercreditor agreements) and also defaults, foreclosures, workouts, restructurings and/or exit opportunities, subject to certain limitations. If we recuse ourselves from decision-making as described above, we will generally rely upon a third party lender to make the decisions, and the third party lender could have conflicts or otherwise make decisions that we would not have made. It is expected that our participation in connection with any such investments and transactions will be negotiated by third parties on market terms and prices. Our Management Agreement requires our Manager to keep our board of directors reasonably informed on a periodic basis in connection with the foregoing, including with respect to transactions that involve investments at different levels of an issuer s or borrower s capital structure, as to which our Manager has agreed to provide our board of directors with quarterly updates. We currently hold mortgage and mezzanine loans and other investments in which Blackstone affiliates have interests in the collateral securing or backing such investments. While Blackstone will seek to resolve any conflicts in a fair and equitable manner with respect to conflicts resolution among the Blackstone Vehicles generally, such transactions are not required to be presented to our board of directors for approval, and there can be no assurance that any conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 
 Assignment and Sharing or Limitation of Rights . We have and in the future will likely invest alongside other Blackstone Vehicles and in connection therewith have and expect to, for legal, tax, regulatory or other reasons which may be unrelated to us, share with or assign to such other Blackstone Vehicles certain of our rights, in whole or in part, or to limit our rights, including certain control- and/or foreclosure-related rights with respect to such shared investments and/or otherwise agree to implement certain procedures to mitigate conflicts of interest which typically involve maintaining a non-controlling interest in any such investment and a forbearance of our rights, including certain non-economic rights (including following the vote of other third party lenders generally or otherwise being recused with respect to certain decisions, including with respect to both normal course ongoing matters (such as consent rights with respect to loan modifications in intercreditor agreements) and also defaults, foreclosures, workouts, restructurings and/or exit opportunities), subject to certain limitations. While it is expected that our participation in connection with any such investments and transactions would be negotiated by third parties on market prices, such investments and transactions will give rise to potential or actual conflicts of interest. We cannot make assurances that any such conflict will be resolved in our favor. To the extent we hold an interest in a loan or security that is different (including with respect to their relative seniority) than those held by such other Blackstone Vehicles (and vice versa), our Manager and its affiliates may be presented and/or may have limited or no rights with respect to decisions when the interests of the funds/vehicles are in conflict. Such sharing or assignment of rights could make it more difficult for us to protect our interests and could give rise to a conflict (which may be exacerbated in the case of financial distress) and could result in another Blackstone Vehicle exercising such rights in a way adverse to us. 
 Providing Debt Financings in connection with Assets Owned by Other Blackstone Vehicles . We have, and in the future are likely to provide financing (i) as part of the bid or acquisition by a third party to acquire interests in (or otherwise make an investment in the underlying assets of) a portfolio entity owned by one or more Blackstone Vehicles or their affiliates of assets or interests (and/or portfolios thereof) owned by a third party, (ii) with respect to one or more portfolio entities or borrowers in connection with a proposed acquisition or investment by one or more Blackstone Vehicles or affiliates relating to such portfolio entities and/or their underlying assets and/or (iii) in other transactions or in the ordinary course, with respect to portfolio entities in which other Blackstone Vehicles and/or affiliates currently hold or propose to acquire an interest. This may include making commitments to provide financing at, prior to or around the time that any such purchaser commits to or makes such investments. While the terms and conditions of any such debt commitments and related arrangements will generally be consistent with market terms, the involvement of us and/or such other Blackstone Vehicles or affiliates in such transactions may impact the market terms. For example, in the case of a loan extended to a Blackstone portfolio entity by a financing syndicate in which we have agreed to participate on terms negotiated by a third party participant in the syndicate, it may have been necessary for the Blackstone portfolio entity to offer better or worse terms to lenders to fully subscribe the syndicate than if we had not participated. In addition, any such transactions or arrangements may otherwise influence Blackstone s decisions with respect to the management of us and/or such other Blackstone Vehicles and/or the relevant Blackstone portfolio entity, which will give rise to potential or actual conflicts of interests and which may adversely impact us. 
 35 

Obtaining Financing from Other Blackstone Vehicles . We may from time to time obtain financing from other Blackstone Vehicles (including the BREDS Debt Funds). We and/or Blackstone may face conflicts of interest in connection with any borrowings or disputes related to such financing agreement(s) which may adversely impact us. 
 Pursuit of Differing Strategies . At times, the investment professionals employed by our Manager or its affiliates and other investment vehicles affiliated with our Manager and/or Blackstone may determine that an investment opportunity may be appropriate for only some of the accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment vehicles for which he or she exercises investment responsibility, or may decide that certain of the accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment vehicles should take differing positions with respect to a particular security. In these cases, the investment professionals may place separate transactions for one or more accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment vehicles which may affect the market price of the security or the execution of the transaction, or both, to the detriment or benefit of one or more other accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment vehicles. For example, an investment professional may determine that it would be in the interest of another account to sell a security that we hold long, potentially resulting in a decrease in the market value of the security held by us. 
 Variation in Financial and Other Benefits . A conflict of interest arises where the financial or other benefits available to our Manager or its affiliates differ among the accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment vehicles that it manages. Where the amount or structure of the base management fee, incentive fee and/or our Manager s or its affiliates compensation differs among accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment vehicles (such as where certain funds or accounts pay higher base management fees, incentive fees, performance-based management fees or other fees), our Manager might be motivated to help certain accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment vehicles over us. Similarly, the desire to maintain assets under management or to enhance our Manager s performance record or to derive other rewards, financial or otherwise, could influence our Manager in affording preferential treatment to those accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment vehicles that could most significantly benefit our Manager or its affiliates. Our Manager may, for example, have an incentive to allocate favorable or limited opportunity investments or structure the timing of investments to favor such other accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment vehicles over us. Additionally, our Manager might be motivated to favor other accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment vehicles in which it has an ownership interest or in which Blackstone and/or its affiliates have ownership interests. Conversely, if an investment professional at our Manager or its affiliates does not personally hold an investment in the fund but holds investments in other Blackstone affiliated vehicles, such investment professional s conflicts of interest with respect to us may be more acute. 
 Underwriting, Advisory and Other Relationships . As part of its regular business, Blackstone provides a broad range of underwriting, investment banking, placement agent services and other services. In connection with selling investments by way of a public offering, a Blackstone broker-dealer may act as the managing underwriter or a member of the underwriting syndicate on a firm commitment basis and purchase securities on that basis. Blackstone may retain any commissions, remuneration, or other profits and receive compensation from such underwriting activities, which have the potential to create conflicts of interest. Blackstone may also participate in underwriting syndicates from time to time with respect to us or portfolio companies/entities of Blackstone Vehicles, or may otherwise be involved in the private placement of debt or equity securities issued by us or such portfolio companies/entities, or otherwise in arranging financings with respect thereto or advising on such transactions. Subject to applicable law, Blackstone may receive underwriting fees, placement commissions, or other compensation with respect to such activities, which will not be shared with us or our stockholders. Where Blackstone serves as underwriter with respect to the securities of a portfolio company/entity, we or the applicable Blackstone Vehicle holding such securities may be subject to a lock-up period following the offering under applicable regulations during which time our ability to sell any securities that we continue to hold is restricted. This may prejudice our ability to dispose of such securities at an opportune time. 
 In the regular course of its investment banking business, Blackstone represents potential purchasers, sellers and other involved parties, including corporations, financial buyers, management, shareholders and institutions, with respect to assets that are suitable for investment by us. In such case, Blackstone s client would typically require Blackstone to act exclusively on its behalf, thereby precluding us from acquiring such assets. Blackstone is under no obligation to decline any such engagement to make the investment opportunity available to us. 
 Blackstone has long-term relationships with a significant number of corporations and their senior management. In determining whether to invest in a particular transaction on our behalf, our Manager may consider those 
 36 

relationships (subject to its obligations under the Management Agreement), which may result in certain transactions that our Manager will not undertake on our behalf in view of such relationships. 
 Service Providers . Certain of our service providers, or their affiliates (including accountants, administrators, lenders, brokers, attorneys, consultants, title agents, loan servicing and administration providers, property managers and investment banking or commercial banking firms) also provide goods or services to or have business, personal or other relationships with Blackstone. For example, Blackstone may hold equity or other investments in companies or businesses in the real estate related information technology and other industries that may provide products or services to or otherwise contract with us or other Blackstone Vehicles. In connection with any such investment, Blackstone or other Blackstone Vehicles (or their respective portfolio companies/entities) may make referrals or introductions to other portfolio companies/entities in an effort, in part, to increase the customer base of such companies or businesses, and therefore the value of the investment, or because such referrals or introductions may result in financial incentives (including additional equity ownership) and/or milestones benefitting the referring or introducing party that are tied or related to participation by portfolio companies/entities. Furthermore, such introductions or referrals may involve the transfer of certain personnel or employees among us, Blackstone and Blackstone Vehicles and other Blackstone clients which may result in a termination fee or similar payments being due and payable from one such entity to another. We will not share in any fees, economics or equity accruing to Blackstone or such other Blackstone Vehicles as a result of these relationships. In addition, we may enter into agreements regarding group procurement (such as a group purchasing organization), benefits management, purchase of title and/or other insurance policies (which will from time to time be pooled and discounted due to scale) from a third party or a Blackstone affiliate, and other similar operational, administrative, or management related initiatives that result in commissions, discounts or similar payments to Blackstone or its affiliates (including personnel), including related to a portion of the savings achieved. Such service providers may be sources of investment opportunities or co-investors or commercial counterparties. Such relationships may influence our Manager in deciding whether to select such service provider. In certain circumstances, service providers, or their affiliates, may charge different rates (including below-market rates or at no cost) or have different arrangements for services provided to Blackstone or its affiliates as compared to services provided to us, which in certain circumstances may result in more favorable rates or arrangements than those payable by us. For example, we have engaged a portfolio company owned by a Blackstone advised fund, to provide corporate support services (including, without limitation, accounting/audit (including valuation support services), account management, cash management, data management, environmental due diligence support and engineering assessments, information technology/systems support, reporting, legal, tax, and treasury, as applicable) and transaction support services (including, without limitation, loan diligence, underwriting and processing, assembling relevant information, conducting financial and market analyses) to certain of our investments directly. In addition, in instances where multiple Blackstone businesses may be exploring a potential individual investment, certain of these service providers may choose to be engaged by other Blackstone affiliates rather than us. 
 In addition, certain advisors and service providers (including law firms) may temporarily provide their personnel to Blackstone, us or other Blackstone Vehicles or their portfolio companies pursuant to various arrangements including at cost or at no cost. While often we and such other Blackstone-advised funds and their portfolio companies are the beneficiaries of these types of arrangements, Blackstone is from time to time a beneficiary of these arrangements as well, including in circumstances where the advisor or service provider also provides services to us in the ordinary course. Such personnel may provide services in respect of multiple matters, including in respect of matters related to Blackstone, its affiliates and/or portfolio companies and any costs of such personnel may be allocated accordingly. 
 CTIMCO, a subsidiary of Blackstone, acts as special servicer in connection with our CLO transactions and may act as special servicer in future securitization financing transactions. CTIMCO, in its capacity as special servicer, may be required to enforce obligations or undertake certain other actions that may conflict with our interests. 
 Lexington National Land Services, or LNLS, is a Blackstone affiliate that (i) acts as a title agent in facilitating and issuing title insurance, (ii) provides title support services for title insurance underwriters and (iii) acts as escrow agent in connection with investments by us, other Blackstone Vehicles and their portfolio entities, affiliates and related parties, and third parties, including, from time to time, our borrowers. In exchange for such services LNLS earns fees which would have otherwise been paid to third parties. If LNLS is involved in a transaction in which we participate, Blackstone will benchmark the relevant costs to the extent market data is available except when LNLS is providing such services in a state where the insurance premium or escrow fee, as applicable, is regulated by the state or when LNLS is part of a syndicate of title insurance companies where the insurance premium is negotiated by other title insurance underwriters or their agents. 
 37 

Material, Non-Public Information . We, directly or through Blackstone, our Manager or certain of their respective affiliates may come into possession of material non-public information with respect to an issuer or borrower in which we have invested or may invest. Should this occur, our Manager may be restricted from buying or selling securities, derivatives or loans of the issuer or borrower on our behalf until such time as the information becomes public or is no longer deemed material. Disclosure of such information to the personnel responsible for management of our business may be on a need-to-know basis only, and we may not be free to act upon any such information. Therefore, we and/or our Manager may not have access to material non-public information in the possession of Blackstone which might be relevant to an investment decision to be made by our Manager on our behalf, and our Manager may initiate a transaction or purchase or sell an investment which, if such information had been known to it, may not have been undertaken. Due to these restrictions, our Manager may not be able to initiate a transaction on our behalf that it otherwise might have initiated and may not be able to purchase or sell an investment that it otherwise might have purchased or sold, which could negatively affect our operations. 
 Possible Future Activities . Our Manager and its affiliates may expand the range of services that they provide over time. Except as and to the extent expressly provided in our Management Agreement, our Manager and its affiliates will not be restricted in the scope of its business or in the performance of any such services (whether now offered or undertaken in the future) even if such activities could give rise to conflicts of interest, and whether or not such conflicts are described herein. Our Manager, Blackstone and their affiliates continue to develop relationships with a significant number of companies, financial sponsors and their senior managers, including relationships with clients who may hold or may have held investments similar to those intended to be made by us. These clients may themselves represent appropriate investment opportunities for us or may compete with us for investment opportunities. 
 Transactions with Blackstone Vehicles . From time to time, we may enter into purchase and sale transactions with Blackstone Vehicles. Such transactions will be conducted in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions of the Management Agreement (including the requirement that sales to or acquisitions of investments from Blackstone, any Blackstone Vehicle or any of their affiliates be approved in advance by a majority of our independent directors) and our code of business conduct and ethics and applicable laws and regulations. While our Manager shall seek to engage in a marketed process, or otherwise benchmark the price and terms of any such transaction, there can be no assurance that any assets sold by us to another Blackstone Vehicle will not be valued or allocated a price that is lower than might otherwise have been the case if such asset was acquired by a third-party rather than another Blackstone Vehicle . 
 Loan Refinancings . We may from time to time seek to participate in investments relating to the refinancing of loans held by the Blackstone Vehicles (including the BREDS Debt Funds). While it is expected that our participation in connection with such refinancing transactions will be at arms length and on market/contract terms, such transactions may give rise to potential or actual conflicts of interest and there can be no assurance that such financing will not be valued or allocated a price that is lower than might otherwise have been the case if such financing was provided by a third-party rather than to another Blackstone Vehicle (or that the pricing and terms of any financing provided by another Blackstone Vehicle will be as favorable as those provided by third parties). 
 Other Affiliate Transactions . Our Manager may on our behalf acquire debt issued by a borrower in which a separate equity or another debt investment has been made by Blackstone or its other affiliates, including the BREDS Debt Funds. In connection with investments in which we participate alongside other Blackstone Vehicles (including the BREDS Debt Funds), we may from time to time share certain rights with such other Blackstone Vehicles relating to such investments for legal, tax, regulatory or other similar reasons, including, in certain instances, certain control-related rights with respect to jointly-held investments. When making any such investments, there may be conflicting interests. There can be no assurance that the return on our investment will be equivalent to or better than the returns obtained by Blackstone or its other affiliates. 
 Family Relationships . Certain personnel and other professionals of Blackstone have family members or relatives that are actively involved in the industries and sectors in which we invest and/or have business, personal, financial or other relationships with companies in the real estate industry, which gives rise to potential or actual conflicts of interest. For example, such family members or relatives might be officers, directors, personnel or owners of companies or assets which are actual or potential investments of us or our other counterparties. Moreover, in certain instances, we may transact with companies that are owned by such family members or relatives or in respect of which such family members or relatives have other involvement. In most such circumstances, we will not be precluded from undertaking any of these investment activities or transactions. To the extent Blackstone determines appropriate, it may put in place conflict mitigation strategies with respect to a particular circumstance, such as internal information barriers or recusal, disclosure or other steps determined appropriate by the Manager. 
 38 

Blackstone may enter into one or more strategic relationships in certain regions or with respect to certain types of investments that, although intended to provide greater opportunities for us, may require us to share such opportunities or otherwise limit the amount of an opportunity we can otherwise take. 
 Further conflicts could arise once we and Blackstone or its affiliates have made their respective investments. For example, if a company goes into bankruptcy or reorganization, becomes insolvent or otherwise experiences financial distress or is unable to meet its payment obligations or comply with covenants relating to securities held by us or by Blackstone or its affiliates, Blackstone or its affiliates may have an interest that conflicts with our interests or Blackstone or its affiliates may have information regarding the company that we do not have access to. If additional financing is necessary as a result of financial or other difficulties, it may not be in our best interests to provide such additional financing. If Blackstone or its affiliates were to lose their respective investments as a result of such difficulties, the ability of our Manager to recommend actions in our best interests might be impaired. 
 Termination of our Management Agreement would be costly. 
 Termination of our Management Agreement without cause would be difficult and costly. Our independent directors review our Manager s performance annually and the Management Agreement may be terminated each year upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our independent directors, based upon a determination that (i) our Manager s performance is unsatisfactory and materially detrimental to us or (ii) the base management fee and incentive fee payable to our Manager are not fair (provided that in this instance, our Manager will be afforded the opportunity to renegotiate the management fee and incentive fees prior to termination). We are required to provide our Manager with 180 days prior notice of any such termination. Additionally, upon such a termination, or if we materially breach the Management Agreement and our Manager terminates our Management Agreement, the Management Agreement provides that we will pay our Manager a termination fee equal to three times the sum of the average annual base management fee and the average annual incentive fee earned during the 24-month period immediately preceding the date of termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the date of termination. These provisions increase the cost to us of terminating the Management Agreement and adversely affect our ability to terminate our Manager without cause. 
 Our Manager maintains a contractual as opposed to a fiduciary relationship with us. Our Manager s liability is limited under our Management Agreement and we have agreed to indemnify our Manager against certain liabilities. 
 Pursuant to our Management Agreement, our Manager does not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for thereunder and is not responsible for any action of our board of directors in following or declining to follow its advice or recommendations. Our Manager maintains a contractual as opposed to a fiduciary relationship with us. Under the terms of the Management Agreement, our Manager and its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and stockholders are not liable to us, our directors, our stockholders or any subsidiary of ours, or their directors, officers, employees or stockholders for any acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Management Agreement, except by reason of acts or omissions constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of their duties under the Management Agreement. We have agreed to indemnify our Manager and its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and stockholders with respect to all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims arising from acts or omissions of our Manager not constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of duties, performed or not performed in good faith in accordance with and pursuant to the Management Agreement. As a result, we could experience poor performance or losses for which our Manager would not be liable. 
 We do not own the Blackstone or BXMT name, but we may use it as part of our corporate name pursuant to a trademark license agreement with an affiliate of Blackstone. Use of the name by other parties or the termination of our trademark license agreement may harm our business. 
 We have entered into an amended and restated trademark license agreement, or Trademark License Agreement, with an affiliate of Blackstone pursuant to which it has granted us a fully paid-up, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the names Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and BXMT . Under this agreement, we have a right to use these names for so long as our Manager (or another affiliate of Blackstone TM L.L.C., or Licensor) serves as our Manager (or another managing entity) and our Manager remains an affiliate of the Licensor under the Trademark License Agreement. The Trademark License Agreement may also be earlier terminated by either party as a result of certain breaches or for convenience upon 90 days prior written notice; provided that upon notification of such termination by us, the Licensor may elect to effect termination of the Trademark License Agreement immediately at any time after 30 days from the date of such notification. The Licensor and its affiliates, such as Blackstone, will retain the right to continue using the Blackstone and BXMT names. We will further be unable to preclude the Licensor from licensing or transferring the ownership of the Blackstone or BXMT names to third parties, some of whom may compete with us. Consequently, 
 39 

we will be unable to prevent any damage to goodwill that may occur as a result of the activities of the Licensor, Blackstone or others. Furthermore, in the event that the Trademark License Agreement is terminated, we would be required to, among other things, change our name and NYSE ticker symbol. Any of these events could disrupt our recognition in the market place, damage any goodwill we may have generated and otherwise harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Company 
 Our investment strategy or guidelines, asset allocation and financing strategy may be changed without stockholder consent. 
 Our Manager is authorized to follow broad investment guidelines that have been approved by our board of directors. Those investment guidelines, as well as our financing strategy or hedging policies with respect to investments, originations, acquisitions, growth, operations, indebtedness, capitalization and distributions, may be changed at any time without notice to, or the consent of, our stockholders. This could result in an investment portfolio with a different risk profile. A change in our investment strategy may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and real estate market fluctuations. Furthermore, a change in our asset allocation could result in our making investments in asset categories different from those described in this report. These changes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We must manage our portfolio so that we do not become an investment company that is subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. 
 We conduct our operations so that we are not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, a company is deemed to be an investment company if it is engaged, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Investment securities exclude (A) U.S. government securities, (B) securities issued by employees securities companies and (C) securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries which (i) are not investment companies and (ii) are not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. We conduct our operations so that we will not fall within the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, since less than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis will consist of investment securities. 
 To avoid the need to register as an investment company, the securities issued to us by any wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries that are excluded from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, together with any other investment securities we may own, may not have a value in excess of 40 of the value of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. While we monitor our holdings to ensure ongoing compliance with this test, there can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid the need to register as an investment company. This test limits the types of businesses in which we may engage through our subsidiaries. In addition, the assets we and our subsidiaries may originate or acquire are limited by the provisions of the Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations promulgated under the Investment Company Act, which may adversely affect our business. 
 We hold our assets primarily through direct or indirect wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries, certain of which are excluded from the definition of investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act, which provides an exclusion for companies engaged primarily in acquiring mortgages and other liens on or interests in real estate. In order to qualify for this exclusion, such subsidiaries must maintain, on the basis of positions taken by the SEC s Division of Investment Management, or the Division, in interpretive and no-action letters, a minimum of 55 of the value of their total assets in real property, mortgage loans and certain mezzanine loans and other assets that the Division in various no-action letters and other guidance has determined are the functional equivalent of liens on or interests in real estate, which we refer to as Qualifying Interests, and a minimum of 80 in Qualifying Interests and real estate-related assets. In the absence of SEC or Division guidance that supports the treatment of other investments as Qualifying Interests, we will treat those other investments appropriately as real estate-related assets or miscellaneous assets depending on the circumstances. With respect to our subsidiaries that maintain this exclusion or another exclusion or exemption under the Investment Company Act (other than Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof), our interests in these subsidiaries do not and will not constitute investment securities. 
 To the extent that the SEC or its staff provides new specific guidance regarding any of the matters bearing upon the requirements of Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act, we may be required to adjust our strategy accordingly. Any additional guidance from the SEC or its staff could further inhibit our ability to pursue the strategies we have chosen. 
 40 

Because registration as an investment company would significantly affect our ability to engage in certain transactions or be structured in the manner we currently are, we intend to conduct our business so that we will continue to satisfy the requirements to avoid regulation as an investment company. As a consequence of our seeking to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act on an ongoing basis, we and/or our subsidiaries may be restricted from making certain investments or may structure investments in a manner that would be less advantageous to us than would be the case in the absence of such requirements. In particular, a change in the value of any of our assets could negatively affect our ability to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act and cause the need for a restructuring of our investment portfolio. For example, these restrictions may limit our and our subsidiaries ability to invest directly in mortgage-backed securities that represent less than the entire ownership in a pool of senior loans, debt and equity tranches of securitizations and certain asset-backed securities, non-controlling equity interests in real estate companies or in assets not related to real estate; however, we and our subsidiaries may invest in such securities to a certain extent. In addition, seeking to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act may cause us and/or our subsidiaries to acquire or hold additional assets that we might not otherwise have acquired or held or dispose of investments that we and/or our subsidiaries might not have otherwise disposed of, which could result in higher costs or lower proceeds to us than we would have paid or received if we were not seeking to comply with such requirements. Thus, maintaining our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. 
 There can be no assurance that we and our subsidiaries will be able to successfully maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act. If it were established that we were an unregistered investment company, there would be a risk that we would be subject to monetary penalties and injunctive relief in an action brought by the SEC, that we would be unable to enforce contracts with third parties, that third parties could seek to obtain rescission of transactions undertaken during the period it was established that we were an unregistered investment company, and that we would be subject to limitations on corporate leverage that would have an adverse impact on our investment returns. In order to comply with provisions that allow us to avoid the consequences of registration under the Investment Company Act, we may need to forego otherwise attractive opportunities and limit the manner in which we conduct our operations. Therefore, compliance with such provisions may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. If we were required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we would become subject to substantial regulation with respect to our capital structure (including our ability to use borrowings), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined in the Investment Company Act) and portfolio composition, including disclosure requirements and restrictions with respect to diversification and industry concentration and other matters. Compliance with the Investment Company Act would, accordingly, limit our ability to make certain investments and require us to significantly restructure our business plan, which could materially adversely affect our stock price, performance and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Rapid changes in the values of our other real estate-related investments may make it more difficult for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT or exclusion from regulation under the Investment Company Act. 
 If the market value or income potential of real estate-related investments declines, we may need to increase our real estate investments and income and/or liquidate our non-qualifying assets in order to maintain our REIT qualification or exclusion from Investment Company Act regulation. If the decline in real estate asset values and/or income occurs quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish. This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid nature of any non-qualifying assets that we may own. We may have to make investment decisions that we otherwise would not make absent the REIT qualification and Investment Company Act considerations. 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations, changes in the interpretation thereof or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, subject us to increased competition or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 The laws and regulations governing our operations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws and regulations may be enacted. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations, changes in their interpretation, or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business. Certain regulations enacted in the E.U., including without limitation the Market Abuse Regulation and the Securitization Regulation, impose additional compliance costs on us and may increase our financing costs. Furthermore, if regulatory capital requirements-whether under the Dodd-Frank Act, Basel III (i.e., the framework for a comprehensive set of capital and liquidity standards for internationally active banking organizations, which was adopted in June 2011 by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, an international body comprised of senior representatives of bank supervisory authorities and central banks from 27 countries, including the 
 41 

United States) or other regulatory action-are imposed on private lenders that provide us with funds, or were to be imposed on us, they or we may be required to limit, or increase the cost of, financing they provide to us or that we provide to others. Among other things, this could potentially increase our financing costs, reduce our ability to originate or acquire loans and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. 
 Various laws and regulations currently exist that restrict the investment activities of banks and certain other financial institutions but do not apply to us, which we believe creates opportunities for us to participate in certain investments that are not available to these more regulated institutions. However, in 2018, then-President Trump signed into law a bill easing the regulation and oversight of certain banks under the Dodd-Frank Act. Efforts by the current administration could have further impacts on our industry if previously enacted laws are amended or if new legislative or regulatory reforms are adopted. In addition, the change in administration has led to leadership changes at a number of U.S. federal regulatory agencies with oversight over the U.S. financial services industry. This poses uncertainty with respect to such agencies ongoing policy priorities and has led, and may lead in the future, to increased regulatory enforcement activity in the financial services industry. Although there is a substantial lack of clarity regarding the likelihood, timing and details of further potential changes or reforms by the new administration and U.S. Congress, such changes or reforms may impose additional costs on our current or future investments, require the attention of senior management or result in other limitations on our business or investments. We are unable to predict at this time the effect of any such reforms. 
 Over the last several years, there also has been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non-bank financial sector will be subject to new regulation. While it cannot be known at this time whether any regulation will be implemented or what form it will take, increased regulation of non-bank credit extension could negatively impact our operations, cash flows or financial condition, impose additional costs on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of us or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 In addition, the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, or ITRA, expands the scope of U.S. sanctions against Iran and Syria. In particular, Section 219 of the ITRA amended the Exchange Act to require companies subject to SEC reporting obligations under Section 13 of the Exchange Act to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other individuals and entities targeted by certain sanctions promulgated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or Treasury, engaged in by the reporting company or any of its affiliates during the period covered by the relevant periodic report. These companies are required to separately file with the SEC a notice that such activities have been disclosed in the relevant periodic reports, and the SEC is required to post this notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the U.S. President and certain U.S. Congressional committees. The U.S. President thereafter is required to initiate an investigation and, within 180 days of initiating such an investigation with respect to certain disclosed activities, to determine whether sanctions should be imposed. Disclosure of such activity, even if such activity is not subject to sanctions under applicable law, and any sanctions actually imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities, could harm our reputation and have a negative impact on our business. Beginning in February 2022, the United States and other countries began imposing meaningful sanctions targeting Russia as a result of actions taken by Russia in Ukraine. We are required to comply with these and potentially additional sanctions imposed by the United States and by other countries, for which the full costs, burdens, and limitations on our business and prospects are currently unknown. 
 State and foreign licensing requirements will cause us to incur expenses and our failure to be properly licensed may have a material adverse effect on us and our operations. 
 Non-bank companies are generally required to hold licenses in a number of U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions to conduct lending activities. These licensing statutes vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and prescribe or impose various recordkeeping requirements; restrictions on loan origination and servicing practices, including limits on finance charges and the type, amount and manner of charging fees; disclosure requirements; requirements that licensees submit to periodic examination; surety bond and minimum specified net worth requirements; periodic financial reporting requirements; notification requirements for changes in principal officers, stock ownership or corporate control; restrictions on advertising; and requirements that loan forms be submitted for review. Obtaining and maintaining licenses will cause us to incur expenses and failure to be properly licensed under such laws or otherwise may have a material adverse effect on us and our operations. 
 Actions of the U.S. government, including the U.S. Congress, Federal Reserve Board, Treasury and other governmental and regulatory bodies, to stabilize or reform the financial markets, or market response to those actions, may not achieve the intended effect and may adversely affect our business. 
 In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law, which imposes significant investment restrictions and capital requirements on banking entities and other organizations that are significant to U.S. financial stability. For instance, the so- 
 42 

called Volcker Rule provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act impose significant restrictions on the proprietary trading activities of banking entities and on their ability to sponsor or invest in private equity and hedge funds. It also directs the applicable federal regulatory agencies to subject, by rule, nonbank financial companies that have been designated as systemically important by the Financial Stability Oversight Council FSOC to increased capital requirements and quantitative limits for engaging in such activities, as well as consolidated supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. In December 2019, the FSOC issued interpretive guidance regarding the designation of nonbank financial companies as systemically important financial institutions, or SIFIs. This guidance implemented a number of reforms to the FSOC s SIFI designation approach by shifting from an entity-based approach to an activities-based approach whereby the FSOC would primarily focus on regulating activities that pose systematic risk to the financial stability of the United States, rather than designations of individual firms. Under the final 2019 guidance, designation of an individual firm as a SIFI would only occur if, after engaging with the firm s primary federal and state regulators, the FSOC determines that those regulators actions are inadequate to address the identified potential risk to U.S. financial stability. There can be no assurance that the FSOC will not adopt further modifications to its interpretive guidance regarding the designation of nonbank financial companies as SIFIs, including to primarily focus on an entity-based approach to such designations. If such designation were to occur with respect to the nonbank financial industry (under an activities-based approach) or with respect to us (under an entity-based approach), we could be subject to significantly increased levels of regulation, which includes, without limitation, a requirement to adopt heightened standards relating to capital, leverage, liquidity, risk management, credit exposure reporting and concentration limits, restrictions on acquisitions and being subject to annual stress tests by the Federal Reserve. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also reformed the asset-backed securitization market (including the mortgage-backed securities market) by requiring the retention of a portion of the credit risk inherent in the pool of securitized assets and by imposing additional registration and disclosure requirements. Under the final credit risk retention rules issued in October 2014 by five federal banking and housing agencies and the SEC, which have since become effective with respect to all asset classes, sponsors of asset-backed securities are generally required to retain at least 5 of the credit risk relating to the assets that underlie such asset-backed securities. These rules could restrict credit availability and could negatively affect the terms and availability of credit to fund our investments. See -Risks Related to Our Financing and Hedging-We have utilized and may utilize in the future non-recourse securitizations to finance our loans and investments, which may expose us to risks that could result in losses. While the full impact of the Dodd-Frank Act cannot be fully assessed, the Dodd-Frank Act s extensive requirements may have a significant effect on the financial markets and may affect the availability or terms of financing from our lender counterparties and the availability or terms of mortgage-backed securities, which may, in turn, have an adverse effect on our business. 
 On December 16, 2015, the CFTC published a final rule governing margin requirements for uncleared swaps entered into by registered swap dealers and major swap participants who are not supervised by the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Farm Credit Administration and the Federal Housing Finance Agency (collectively, the Prudential Regulators ), referred to as covered swap entities, and such rule was amended on November 19, 2018. The final rule generally requires covered swap entities, subject to certain thresholds and exemptions, to collect and post margin in respect of uncleared swap transactions with other covered swap entities and financial end-users. In particular, the final rule requires covered swap entities and financial end-users having material swaps exposure, defined as an average aggregate daily notional amount of uncleared swaps exceeding a certain specified amount, to collect and/or post (as applicable) a minimum amount of initial margin in respect of each uncleared swap; the specified amounts for material swaps exposure differ subject to a phase-in schedule until September 1, 2020, when the average aggregate daily notional amount will thenceforth be 8 billion as calculated from June, July and August of the previous calendar year. On November 9, 2020, the CFTC published a final rule extending the last implementation phase of its initial margin requirements for uncleared swaps from September 1, 2021 to September 1, 2022. In addition, the final rule requires covered swap entities entering into uncleared swaps with other covered swap entities or financial-end users, regardless of swaps exposure, to post and/or collect (as applicable) variation margin in reflection of changes in the mark-to-market value of an uncleared swap since the swap was executed or the last time such margin was exchanged. The CFTC final rule is broadly consistent with a similar rule requiring the exchange of initial and variation margin adopted by the Prudential Regulators in October 2015, as amended, which applies to registered swap dealers, major swap participants, security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants that are supervised by one or more of the Prudential Regulators, as well as the final rule adopted by the SEC in June 2019, as amended, which applies to security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants that are not supervised by one or more of the Prudential Regulators. These rules on margin requirements for uncleared swaps could adversely affect our business, including our ability to enter such swaps or our available liquidity. 
 The current regulatory environment may be impacted by future legislative developments, such as amendments to key provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, including provisions setting forth capital and risk retention requirements. 
 43 

In June 2020, U.S. federal regulatory agencies adopted additional revisions to the Volcker Rule s current restrictions on banking entities sponsoring and investing in certain covered hedge funds and private equity funds, including by adopting new exemptions allowing banking entities to sponsor and invest without limit in credit funds, venture capital funds, customer facilitation funds and family wealth management vehicles (the Covered Fund Amendments ). The Covered Fund Amendments also loosen certain other restrictions on extraterritorial fund activities and direct parallel or co-investments made alongside covered funds. The Covered Fund Amendments should therefore expand the ability of banking entities to invest in and sponsor private funds. The ultimate consequences of the Reform Act and such regulatory developments on our business remain uncertain. 
 Financial services regulation, including regulations applicable to us, has increased significantly in recent years, and may in the future be subject to further enhanced governmental scrutiny and/or increased regulation, including resulting from changes in U.S. executive administration or Congressional leadership. Although we cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action in the United States or any other jurisdiction, changes to legal rules and regulations, or interpretation or enforcement of them, could have a negative financial effect on our business. 
 We depend on our Manager and its affiliates to develop appropriate systems and procedures to control operational risk. 
 Operational risks arising from mistakes made in the confirmation or settlement of transactions, from transactions not being properly booked, evaluated or accounted for or other similar disruption in our operations may cause us to suffer financial losses, the disruption of our business, liability to third parties, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation. We depend on our Manager and its affiliates to develop the appropriate systems and procedures to control operational risk. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting and other data processing systems. The ability of our systems to accommodate transactions could also constrain our ability to properly manage our portfolio. Generally, our Manager will not be liable for losses incurred due to the occurrence of any such errors. 
 Operational risks, including the risk of cyberattacks, may disrupt our businesses, result in losses or limit our growth. 
 We rely heavily on our and Blackstone s financial, accounting, treasury, communications and other data processing systems. Such systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of the network security systems or otherwise. In addition, such systems are from time to time subject to cyberattacks, which may continue to increase in sophistication and frequency in the future. Attacks on Blackstone and its affiliates and their portfolio companies and service providers systems could involve, and in some instances have in the past involved, attempts that are intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information or personal identifying information of our stockholders, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, or divert or otherwise steal funds, including through the introduction of phishing attempts and other forms of social engineering, computer viruses and other malicious code. 
 Cybersecurity incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level and will likely continue to increase in frequency in the future. Our information and technology systems as well as those of Blackstone, its portfolio entities and other related parties, such as service providers, may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from cyber security breaches, computer viruses or other malicious code, network failures, computer and telecommunication failures, infiltration by unauthorized persons and other security breaches, usage errors by their respective professionals or service providers, power, communications or other service outages and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. Cyberattacks, ransomware and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. Cyberattacks and other security threats could also originate from the malicious or accidental acts of insiders. There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats Blackstone faces, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent, which may target Blackstone because Blackstone holds a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information about its and our investors, its portfolio companies and potential investments. As a result, we and Blackstone may face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to this information. If successful, these types of attacks on our or Blackstone s network or other systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, due to, among other things, the loss of investor or proprietary data, interruptions or delays in the operation of our business and damage to our reputation. There can be no assurance that measures Blackstone takes to ensure the integrity of its systems will provide protection, especially because cyberattack techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until successful. 
 If unauthorized parties gain access to such information and technology systems, they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify private and sensitive information, including nonpublic personal information related to shareholders (and their beneficial owners) and material nonpublic information. Although Blackstone has implemented, and its portfolio entities and service providers may implement, various measures to manage risks relating to these types of events, such systems 
 44 

could prove to be inadequate and, if compromised, could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure private information. Blackstone does not control the cyber security plans and systems put in place by third party service providers, and such third party service providers may have limited indemnification obligations to Blackstone, its portfolio entities and us, each of which could be negatively impacted as a result. Breaches such as those involving covertly introduced malware, impersonation of authorized users and industrial or other espionage may not be identified even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems, potentially resulting in further harm and preventing them from being addressed appropriately. The failure of these systems or of disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in Blackstone s, its affiliates , their portfolio entities or our operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to shareholders, material nonpublic information and the intellectual property and trade secrets and other sensitive information in the possession of Blackstone and portfolio entities. We, Blackstone or a portfolio entity could be required to make a significant investment to remedy the effects of any such failures, harm to their reputations, legal claims that they and their respective affiliates may be subjected to, regulatory action or enforcement arising out of applicable privacy and other laws, adverse publicity and other events that may affect their business and financial performance. 
 In addition, Blackstone operates in businesses that are highly dependent on information systems and technology. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world. The SEC recently proposed amendments to its rules related to cybersecurity risk management, strategy, governance, and incident reporting, and many jurisdictions in which we and Blackstone operate have, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information, including the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union that went into effect in May 2018 and the California Consumer Privacy Act that became effective on January 1, 2020 and is being amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, which will become effective on January 1, 2023. Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut recently enacted similar data privacy legislation that will go into effect in 2023. Some jurisdictions have also enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals and government agencies of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. Breaches in security, whether malicious in nature or through inadvertent transmittal or other loss of data, could potentially jeopardize our or Blackstone s, its employees , or our investors or counterparties confidential, proprietary and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our or Blackstone s computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our or Blackstone s, its employees , or our investors , our counterparties or third parties operations, which could result in significant losses, increased costs, disruption of our business, liability to our investors and other counterparties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Furthermore, if we or Blackstone fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations or fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications of a breach in a timely manner, it could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, which could lead to negative publicity and may cause our investors or Blackstone s fund investors and clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our or Blackstone s security measures. 
 Finally, we depend on our headquarters in New York City, where most of our Manager s personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our headquarters, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Blackstone s disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. 
 Accounting rules for certain of our transactions are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. Changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions could impact our ability to timely prepare consolidated financial statements. 
 Accounting rules for transfers of financial assets, securitization transactions, consolidation of variable interest entities, loan loss reserves and other aspects of our operations are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. These complexities could lead to a delay in preparation of financial information and the delivery of this information to our stockholders. Changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions could impact our consolidated financial statements and 
 45 

our ability to timely prepare our consolidated financial statements. Our inability to timely prepare our consolidated financial statements in the future would likely have a significant adverse effect on our stock price. 
 Risks Related to our REIT Status and Certain Other Tax Items 
 If we do not maintain our qualification as a REIT, we will be subject to tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability. Our taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to income tax. 
 We expect to continue to operate so as to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. However, qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which only a limited number of judicial or administrative interpretations exist. Notwithstanding the availability of cure provisions in the Internal Revenue Code, we could fail to meet various compliance requirements, which could jeopardize our REIT status. Furthermore, new tax legislation, administrative guidance or court decisions, in each instance potentially with retroactive effect, could make it more difficult or impossible for us to continue to qualify as a REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any tax year, then: 
 we would be taxed as a regular domestic corporation, which under current laws, among other things, means being unable to deduct distributions to stockholders in computing taxable income and being subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates; 
 any resulting tax liability could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our book value; 
 unless we were entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we would be required to pay taxes, and therefore, our cash available for distribution to stockholders would be reduced for each of the years during which we did not qualify as a REIT and for which we had taxable income; and 
 we generally would not be eligible to requalify as a REIT for the subsequent four full taxable years. 
 REITs, in certain circumstances, may incur tax liabilities that would reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Even if we qualify and maintain our status as a REIT, we may become subject to U.S. federal income taxes and related state, local and foreign taxes. For example, net income from the sale of properties that are dealer properties sold by a REIT (a prohibited transaction under the Internal Revenue Code) will be subject to a 100 tax. We may not make sufficient distributions to avoid excise taxes applicable to REITs. Similarly, if we were to fail an income test (and did not lose our REIT status because such failure was due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect) we would be subject to tax on the income that does not meet the income test requirements. We also may decide to retain net capital gain we earn from the sale or other disposition of our investments and pay income tax directly on such income. In that event, our stockholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, stockholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have no benefit from their deemed payment of such tax liability unless they file U.S. federal income tax returns and thereon seek a refund of such tax. We also may be subject to state, local and foreign taxes on our income or property, including franchise, payroll, mortgage recording and transfer taxes, either directly or at the level of the other companies through which we indirectly own our assets, such as our TRSs, which are subject to full U.S. federal, state, local and foreign corporate-level income taxes. Any taxes we pay directly or indirectly will reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities and limit our expansion opportunities. 
 In order to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, our sources of income, the nature of our investments in commercial real estate loans and related assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. We may also be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. Therefore, compliance with REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate or restructure otherwise attractive investments. 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we must ensure that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified REIT real estate assets. The remainder of our investments in securities cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or 10 of the 
 46 

total value of the outstanding securities (other than securities that qualify for the straight debt safe harbor) of any one issuer unless we and such issuer jointly elect for such issuer to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary , or TRS, under the Internal Revenue Code. Debt will generally meet the straight debt safe harbor if the debt is a written unconditional promise to pay on demand or on a specified date a certain sum of money, the debt is not convertible, directly or indirectly, into stock, and the interest rate and the interest payment dates of the debt are not contingent on the profits, the borrower s discretion or similar factors. The total value of all of our investments in TRSs cannot exceed 20 of the value of our total assets. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer other than a TRS. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of such calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate assets from our portfolio or not make otherwise attractive investments in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. 
 The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code substantially limit our ability to hedge our liabilities. Any income from a properly and timely identified hedging transaction we enter into to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets does not constitute gross income for purposes of the 75 or 95 gross income tests that we must satisfy in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of both of these gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we intend to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our TRS would be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in our TRS will generally not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward against future taxable income in the TRS. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to borrow to make distributions to stockholders. 
 From time to time, our taxable income may be greater than our cash flow available for distribution to stockholders. If we do not have other funds available in these situations, we may be unable to distribute substantially all of our taxable income as required by the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Therefore, we could be required to borrow funds, sell a portion of our assets at disadvantageous prices or find another alternative. These options could increase our costs or reduce the value of our equity. 
 Our charter does not permit any individual (including certain entities treated as individuals for this purpose) to own more than 9.9 of our class A common stock or of our capital stock, and attempts to acquire our class A common stock or any of our capital stock in excess of this 9.9 limit would not be effective without a prior exemption from those prohibitions by our board of directors. 
 For us to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, not more than 50 of the value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (including certain entities treated as individuals for this purpose) during the last half of a taxable year. For the purpose of preserving our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, among other purposes, our charter prohibits beneficial or constructive ownership by any individual (including certain entities treated as individuals for this purpose) of more than a certain percentage, currently 9.9 , by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our class A common stock or our capital stock, which we refer to as the Ownership Limit. The constructive ownership rules under the Internal Revenue Code and our charter are complex and may cause shares of the outstanding class A common stock owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.9 of our outstanding class A common stock or our capital stock by an individual or entity could cause an individual to constructively own in excess of 9.9 of our outstanding class A common stock or our capital stock, respectively, and thus violate the Ownership Limit. There can be no assurance that our board of directors, as permitted in the charter, will increase, or will not decrease, this Ownership Limit in the future. Any attempt to own or transfer shares of our class A common stock in excess of the Ownership Limit without the consent of our board of directors will result in either the shares being transferred by operation of our charter to a charitable trust, and the person who attempted to acquire such excess shares not having any rights in such excess shares, or in the transfer being void. 
 The Ownership Limit may have the effect of precluding a change in control of us by a third party, even if such change in control would be in the best interests of our stockholders or would result in receipt of a premium to the price of our class A common stock (and even if such change in control would not reasonably jeopardize our REIT status). 
 47 

We may choose to make distributions in our own stock, in which case you may be required to pay income taxes without receiving any cash dividends. 
 In connection with our qualification as a REIT, we are required to annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which does not equal net income, as calculated in accordance with GAAP), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain. In order to satisfy this requirement, we may make distributions that are payable in cash and/or shares of our class A common stock at the election of each stockholder. As a publicly offered REIT, if at least 20 of the total dividend is available to be paid in cash and certain other requirements are satisfied, the IRS will treat the stock distribution as a dividend (to the extent applicable rules treat such distribution as being made out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes). This threshold has been temporarily reduced in the past, and may be reduced in the future, by IRS guidance. Taxable stockholders receiving such distributions will be required to include the full amount of such distributions as ordinary dividend income. As a result, U.S. stockholders may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such distributions in excess of the cash portion of the distribution received. Accordingly, U.S. stockholders receiving a distribution of our shares may be required to sell shares received in such distribution or may be required to sell other stock or assets owned by them, at a time that may be disadvantageous, in order to satisfy any tax imposed on such distribution. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock that it receives as part of the distribution in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount it must include in income with respect to the distribution, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to certain non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such distribution, including in respect of all or a portion of such distribution that is payable in stock, by withholding or disposing of part of the shares included in such distribution and using the proceeds of such disposition to satisfy the withholding tax imposed. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our class A common stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividend income, such sale may put downward pressure on the market price of our class A common stock. 
 Although the IRS has addressed some of the tax aspects of such a taxable cash/stock distribution in a 2017 Revenue Procedure and further addressed such distributions in a 2021 Revenue Procedure, no assurance can be given that the IRS will not impose requirements in the future with respect to taxable cash/stock distributions, including on a retroactive basis, or assert that the requirements for such taxable cash/stock distributions have not been met. 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 Currently, the maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to certain non-corporate U.S. stockholders is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rate. Although this does not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause certain non-corporate investors to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our class A common stock. 
 Under current law, for taxable years before January 1, 2026, REIT dividends (other than capital gain dividends and qualified dividends) received by non-corporate taxpayers may be eligible for a 20 deduction, which if allowed in full equates to a maximum effective U.S. federal income tax rate on ordinary REIT dividends of 29.6 . Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the effect of this rule on their effective tax rate with respect to REIT dividends. 
 We are largely dependent on external sources of capital to finance our growth. 
 As with other REITs, but unlike corporations generally, our ability to finance our growth must largely be funded by external sources of capital because we generally will have to distribute to our stockholders 90 of our REIT taxable income in order to qualify as a REIT, including taxable income where we do not receive corresponding cash. Our access to external capital will depend upon a number of factors, including general market conditions, the market s perception of our growth potential, our current and potential future earnings, cash distributions and the market price of our class A common stock. 
 Our investments in certain debt instruments may cause us to recognize phantom income for U.S. federal income tax purposes even though no cash payments have been received on the debt instruments, and certain modifications of such 
 48 

debt by us could cause the modified debt to not qualify as a good REIT asset, thereby jeopardizing our REIT qualification. 
 Our taxable income may substantially exceed our net income as determined under GAAP, and differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash may occur. For example, we may acquire assets, including debt securities requiring us to accrue original issue discount, or OID, or recognize market discount income, that generate taxable income in excess of economic income or in advance of the corresponding cash flow from the assets referred to as phantom income. Moreover, we are generally required to take account of certain amounts in taxable income no later than the time such amounts are reflected on certain financial statements. The application of this rule may require the accrual of taxable income with respect to our debt instruments, such as OID, earlier than would be the case under the general tax rules, causing our phantom income to increase. In addition, if a borrower with respect to a particular debt instrument encounters financial difficulty rendering it unable to pay stated interest as due, we may nonetheless be required to continue to recognize the unpaid interest as taxable income with the effect that we will recognize income but will not have a corresponding amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 As a result of the foregoing, we may generate less cash flow than taxable income in a particular year and find it difficult or impossible to meet the REIT distribution requirements in certain circumstances. In such circumstances, we may be required to (a) sell assets in adverse market conditions, (b) borrow on unfavorable terms, (c) distribute amounts that would otherwise be used for future acquisitions or used to repay debt, or (d) make a taxable distribution of our shares of class A common stock as part of a distribution in which stockholders may elect to receive shares of class A common stock or (subject to a limit measured as a percentage of the total distribution) cash, in order to comply with the REIT distribution requirements. 
 Moreover, we may acquire distressed loans or other distressed debt investments that require subsequent modification by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding debt are significant modifications under the applicable Treasury Regulations, the modified debt may be considered to have been reissued to us in a debt-for-debt taxable exchange with the borrower. In certain circumstances, this deemed reissuance may prevent a portion of the modified debt from qualifying as a good REIT asset if the underlying security has declined in value and would cause us to recognize income to the extent the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds our adjusted tax basis in the unmodified debt. 
 The taxable mortgage pool rules may increase the taxes that we or our stockholders may incur, and may limit the manner in which we effect future securitizations. 
 Securitizations could result in the creation of taxable mortgage pools for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, so long as we own 100 of the equity interests in a taxable mortgage pool, we generally would not be adversely affected by the characterization of the securitization as a taxable mortgage pool. However, we would be precluded from selling equity interests in these securitizations to outside investors, or selling any debt securities issued in connection with these securitizations that might be considered to be equity interests for tax purposes. Certain categories of stockholders such as foreign stockholders eligible for treaty or other benefits, stockholders with net operating losses, and certain tax-exempt stockholders that are subject to unrelated business income tax, could be subject to increased taxes on a portion of their dividend income from us that is attributable to excess inclusion income. In addition, to the extent that our stock is owned by tax-exempt disqualified organizations, such as certain government-related entities and charitable remainder trusts that are not subject to tax on unrelated business income, we may incur a corporate level tax on a portion of our income from the taxable mortgage pool. In that case, we may reduce the amount of our distributions to pay the tax on any excess inclusion income ourselves. These limitations may prevent us from using certain techniques to maximize our returns from securitization transactions. 
 In order to control better, and to attempt to avoid, any distribution of excess inclusion income to our stockholders, a subsidiary REIT of ours currently owns 100 of the equity interests in each taxable mortgage pool created by our securitizations. While we believe that we have structured our securitizations such that the above taxes would not apply to our stockholders with respect to taxable mortgage pools held by our subsidiary REIT, our subsidiary REIT is in part owned by a TRS of ours, which will pay corporate level tax on any income that it may be allocated from the subsidiary REIT. In addition, our subsidiary REIT is required to satisfy, on a stand-alone basis, the REIT asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements described above, and if it were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) our subsidiary REIT would face adverse tax consequences similar to those described above with respect to our qualification as a REIT and (ii) such failure could have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests and thus could impair our ability to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions . 
 49 

The failure of a mezzanine loan to qualify as a real estate asset could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 We may originate or acquire mezzanine loans, for which the IRS has provided a safe harbor but not rules of substantive law. Pursuant to the safe harbor, if a mezzanine loan meets certain requirements, it will be treated by the IRS as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and interest derived from the mezzanine loan will be treated as qualifying mortgage interest for purposes of the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests. We may originate or acquire mezzanine loans that do not meet all of the requirements of this safe harbor. In the event we own a mezzanine loan that does not meet the safe harbor, the IRS could challenge such loan s treatment as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests and, if such a challenge were sustained, we could fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 The failure of assets subject to repurchase agreements to qualify as real estate assets could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 We have entered into financing arrangements that are structured as sale and repurchase agreements pursuant to which we would nominally sell certain of our assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enter into an agreement to repurchase these assets at a later date in exchange for a purchase price. Economically, these agreements are financings which are secured by the assets sold pursuant thereto. We believe that we would be treated for REIT asset and income test purposes as the owner of the assets that are the subject of any such sale and repurchase agreement notwithstanding that such agreements may transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert that we did not own the assets during the term of the sale and repurchase agreement, in which case we could fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 Liquidation of assets may jeopardize our REIT qualification or create additional tax liability for us. 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must comply with requirements regarding our assets and our sources of income. If we are compelled to liquidate our investments to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT, or we may be subject to a 100 tax on any resultant gain if we sell assets that are treated as dealer property. 
 Our ownership of and relationship with any TRS will be restricted, and a failure to comply with the restrictions would jeopardize our REIT status and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. 
 A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one or more TRSs. A TRS may earn income that would not be qualifying income if earned directly by the parent REIT. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. A corporation of which a TRS directly or indirectly owns more than 35 of the voting power or value of the stock will automatically be treated as a TRS. Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. The value of our interests in and, therefore, the amount of assets held in a TRS may also be restricted by our need to qualify for an exclusion from regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. A TRS will pay U.S. federal, state and local income tax at regular corporate rates on any income that it earns. In addition, the TRS rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to its parent REIT to assure that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. Further, current law imposes a disallowance of deductions for business interest expense (even if paid to third parties) in excess of the sum of a taxpayer s business interest income and 30 of the adjusted taxable income of the business, which is its taxable income computed without regard to business interest income or expense, net operating losses or the pass-through income deduction. The TRS rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. 
 Any domestic TRS we own will pay U.S. federal, state and local income tax on its taxable income, and its after-tax net income will be available for distribution to us. Although we plan to monitor our investments in TRSs, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the limitations discussed above or to avoid application of the 100 excise tax discussed above. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could increase our tax liability, reduce our operating flexibility and reduce the price of our class A common stock. 
 In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made in the provisions of U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to investments similar to an investment in shares of our class A common stock. Additional changes to the tax laws are likely to continue to occur, and we cannot make assurances that any such changes will not adversely affect the taxation of a stockholder. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our shares or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. Stockholders are urged to consult with their tax advisors 
 50 

with respect to the impact of recent legislation on investments in our shares and the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. Although REITs generally receive certain tax advantages compared to entities taxed as regular corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a corporation. As a result, our charter provides our board of directors with the power, under certain circumstances, to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election and cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation, without the vote of our stockholders. Our board of directors has duties to us and could only cause such changes in our tax treatment if it determines that such changes are in the best interest of our company. The impact of tax reform on your investment in us is uncertain. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding changes in tax laws. 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA. The IRA includes numerous tax provisions that impact corporations, including the implementation of a corporate alternative minimum tax as well as a 1 excise tax on certain stock repurchases and economically similar transactions. However, REITs are excluded from the definition of an applicable corporation and therefore are not subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax. Additionally, the 1 excise tax specifically does not apply to stock repurchases by REITs. Our TRSs operate as standalone corporations and therefore could be adversely affected by the IRA. We will continue to analyze and monitor the application of the IRA to our business; however, the effect of these changes on the value of our assets, shares of our class A common stock or market conditions generally, is uncertain. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 
 The market price of our class A common stock has recently fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so. 
 The capital and credit markets have on occasion experienced periods of extreme volatility and disruption. The market price and liquidity of the market for shares of our class A common stock has been, and may in the future be, significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the market price of our class A common stock include: 
 our actual or projected operating results, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity, or changes in business strategy or prospects; 
 actual or perceived conflicts of interest with our Manager or other affiliates of Blackstone and individuals, including our executives; 
 equity issuances by us, or share resales by our stockholders, or the perception that such issuances or resales may occur; 
 loss of a major funding source; 
 increases in market interest rates, which may lead investors to demand a higher distribution yield for our class A common stock, and would result in increased interest expenses on our certain of our indebtedness; 
 actual or anticipated accounting problems; 
 publication of research reports about us or the real estate industry; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 adverse market reaction to the level of leverage we employ; 
 additions to or departures of our Manager s or Blackstone s key personnel; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 our failure to meet, or the lowering of, our earnings estimates or those of any securities analysts; 
 a compression of the yield on our investments and an increase in the cost of our liabilities; 
 51 

failure to maintain our REIT qualification or exclusion from Investment Company Act regulation; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 general market and economic conditions, and trends including inflationary concerns, and the current state of the credit and capital markets; 
 significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of publicly traded REITs or other companies in our sector, including us, which is not necessarily related to the operating performance of these companies; 
 changes in law, regulatory policies or tax guidelines, or interpretations thereof, particularly with respect to REITs; 
 changes in the value of our portfolio; 
 any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors or securities analysts; 
 operating performance of companies comparable to us; 
 short-selling pressure with respect to shares of our class A common stock or REITs generally; and 
 uncertainty surrounding the strength of the U.S. economy particularly in light of budget deficit concerns and other U.S. and international political and economic affairs. 
 As noted above, market factors unrelated to our performance could also negatively impact the market price of our class A common stock. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our class A common stock is our distribution rate as a percentage of our stock price relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates continue to increase, prospective investors may demand a higher distribution rate or seek alternative investments paying higher dividends or interest. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and conditions in the capital markets may affect the market value of our class A common stock. 
 Some provisions of our charter and bylaws and Maryland law may deter takeover attempts, which may limit the opportunity of our stockholders to sell their shares at a favorable price. 
 Some of the provisions of Maryland law and our charter and bylaws discussed below could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our stockholders by providing them with the opportunity to sell their shares at a premium to the then current market price. 
 Issuance of Stock Without Stockholder Approval . Our charter authorizes our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to authorize the issuance of up to 400,000,000 shares of class A common stock and up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Our charter also authorizes our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our class A common stock and preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and to amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that are authorized by the charter to be issued. Preferred stock may be issued in one or more classes or series, the terms of which may be determined by our board of directors without further action by stockholders. Prior to issuance of any such class or series, our board of directors will set the terms of any such class or series, including the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption. The issuance of any preferred stock could materially adversely affect the rights of holders of our class A common stock and, therefore, could reduce the value of the class A common stock. In addition, specific rights granted to future holders of our preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell assets to, a third party. The power of our board of directors to cause us to issue preferred stock could, in certain circumstances, make it more difficult, delay, discourage, prevent or make it more costly to acquire or effect a change in control, thereby preserving the current stockholders control. 
 Advance Notice Bylaw . Our bylaws contain advance notice procedures for the introduction by a stockholder of new business and the nomination of directors by a stockholder. These provisions could, in certain circumstances, discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect stockholder-nominated directors and to propose and, consequently, approve stockholder proposals opposed by management. 
 52 

Maryland Takeover Statutes . Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change in our control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our Class A common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then prevailing market price of such shares. We are subject to the Maryland Business Combination Act, which, subject to limitations, prohibits certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting shares or an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting shares) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder and, thereafter, imposes special stockholder voting requirements to approve these combinations unless the consideration being received by common stockholders satisfies certain conditions. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors prior to the time that an interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our board of directors has exempted any business combination involving Huskies Acquisition LLC, or Huskies Acquisition, an affiliate of Blackstone, or its affiliates as of September 27, 2012 or Blackstone and its affiliates beginning as of September 27, 2012; provided, however, that Huskies Acquisition or any of its affiliates as of September 27, 2012 and Blackstone and any of its affiliates beginning as of September 27, 2012 may not enter into any business combination with us without the prior approval of at least a majority of the members of our board of directors who are not affiliates or associates of Huskies Acquisition or Blackstone. As a result, Huskies Acquisition or its affiliates may enter into business combinations with us without compliance with the five-year prohibition or the super-majority vote requirements and the other provisions of the statute. 
 We are also subject to the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act. With certain exceptions, the Maryland General Corporation Law provides that a holder of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition has no voting rights with respect to those shares except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares owned by the acquiring person or by our officers or by our directors who are our employees. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting Huskies Acquisition, or any person or entity that was an affiliate of Huskies Acquisition as of September 27, 2012 or by Blackstone or any of its affiliates from this statute. 
 We are also eligible to elect to be subject to the Maryland Unsolicited Takeovers Act, which permits our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to, among other things and notwithstanding any provision in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain takeover defenses, such as a classified board, some of which we do not yet have. 
 Our charter contains provisions that are designed to reduce or eliminate duties of Blackstone and our directors with respect to corporate opportunities and competitive activities. 
 Our charter contains provisions designed to reduce or eliminate duties of Blackstone and its affiliates (as such term is defined in the charter), and of our directors or any person our directors control to refrain from competing with us or to present to us business opportunities that otherwise may exist in the absence of such charter provisions. Under our charter, Blackstone and its affiliates and our directors or any person our directors control will not be obligated to present to us opportunities unless those opportunities are expressly offered to such person in his or her capacity as a director or officer of Blackstone Mortgage Trust and those persons will be able to engage in competing activities without any restriction imposed as a result of Blackstone s or its affiliates status as a stockholder or Blackstone s affiliates status as officers or directors of Blackstone Mortgage Trust. 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level and we cannot assure you of our ability to pay distributions in the future. 
 We are generally required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income each year for us to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, which requirement we currently intend to satisfy through quarterly distributions of all or substantially all of our REIT taxable income in such year, subject to certain adjustments. Although we generally distribute and intend to continue distributing substantially all of our taxable income to holders of our class A common stock each year so as to comply with the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, we have not established a minimum distribution payment level and our ability to pay distributions may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described in this report. All distributions will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, liquidity, debt covenants, maintenance of our REIT qualification, applicable law and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. We 
 53 

believe that a change in any one of the following factors could adversely affect our results of operations and impair our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders: 
 our ability to make profitable investments; 
 margin calls or other expenses that reduce our cash flow; 
 defaults in our asset portfolio or decreases in the value of our portfolio; 
 the impact of changes in interest rates on our net interest income; and 
 the fact that anticipated operating expense levels may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. 
 As a result, no assurance can be given that the level of any distributions we make to our stockholders will achieve a market yield or increase or even be maintained over time, any of which could materially and adversely affect the market price of our class A common stock. We may use our net operating losses, to the extent available, carried forward to offset future REIT taxable income, and therefore reduce our dividend requirements. In addition, some of our distributions may include a return of capital, which would reduce the amount of capital available to operate our business. 
 In addition, distributions that we make to our stockholders will generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary income. However, a portion of our distributions may be designated by us as long-term capital gains to the extent that they are attributable to capital gain income recognized by us or may constitute a return of capital to the extent that they exceed our earnings and profits as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A return of capital is not taxable, but has the effect of reducing the basis of a stockholder s investment in our class A common stock. 
 Investing in our class A common stock may involve a high degree of risk. 
 The investments that we make in accordance with our investment objectives may result in a high amount of risk when compared to alternative investment options and volatility or loss of principal. Our investments may be highly speculative and aggressive, and therefore an investment in our class A common stock may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. 
 Future issuances of equity or debt securities, which may include securities that would rank senior to our class A common stock, may adversely affect the market price of the shares of our class A common stock. 
 The issuance of additional shares of our class A common stock, including in connection with the conversion of our outstanding 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 and/or our outstanding 5.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027, through equity distribution agreements we have entered into pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate sales price of 699.1 million of our class A common stock or in connection with other future issuances of our class A common stock or shares of preferred stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into equity securities, may dilute the ownership interest of our existing holders of our class A common stock. As of December 31, 2022, sales of our class A common stock with an aggregate sales price of 480.9 million remained available for issuance under our equity distribution agreements. If we issue equity or debt securities which rank senior to our class A common stock, it is likely that such securities will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our class A common stock and may result in dilution to owners of our class A common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue additional equity or debt securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future issuances. Also, we cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of our class A common stock, or the availability of shares for future sales, on the market price of our class A common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of class A common stock or the perception that such sales could occur may adversely affect the prevailing market price for the shares of our class A common stock. Therefore holders of our class A common stock will bear the risk of our future issuances reducing the market price of our class A common stock and diluting the value of their stock holdings in us. 

54 

General Risk Factors 
 The long-term macroeconomic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and any future pandemic or epidemic could have an adverse impact on our financial performance and results of operations. 
 Outbreaks of contagious disease, including COVID-19, or other adverse public health developments in the U.S. or worldwide could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While many of the direct impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have eased, the longer-term macroeconomic effects on global supply chains, inflation, labor shortages and wage increases continue to impact many industries, including the collateral underlying certain of our loans. Moreover, with the potential for new strains of existing viruses to emerge, or other pandemics or epidemics, governments and businesses may re-impose aggressive measures to help slow its spread in the future. 
 
 Long-term macroeconomic effects from a pandemic or epidemic, including from supply and labor shortages, workforce reductions in response to challenging economic conditions, or shifts in demand for real estate may have an adverse impact on our portfolio which includes loans collateralized by office, hotel, and other asset classes that are particularly negatively impacted by such supply and labor issues. The impact of such long-term effects may disproportionally affect certain asset classes and geographic areas. For example, many businesses increasingly permit employees to work from home and make use of flexible work schedules, open workplaces, videoconferences and teleconferences, which could have a longer-term impact on the demand for both office space and hotel rooms for business travel, which could adversely affect our investments in assets secured by office or hotel properties. While we believe the principal amount of our loans are generally adequately protected by underlying property value, there can be no assurance that we will realize the entire principal amount of certain investments. For more information on the concentration of credit risk in our loan portfolio property type and geographic region, see Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The full extent of the impact and effects of COVID-19, and any future pandemics or epidemics, will depend on future developments, including, among other factors, how rapidly variants develop, availability, acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines along with related travel advisories, quarantines and restrictions, the recovery time of the disrupted supply chains and industries, the impact of labor market interruptions, the impact of government interventions, and uncertainty with respect to the duration of the global economic slowdown. COVID-19, or any future pandemics or epidemics, and resulting impacts on the financial, economic and capital markets environment, and future developments in these and other areas present uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 We invest in derivative instruments, which would subject us to increased risk of loss. 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we have and may invest in derivative instruments. A derivative instrument, especially one of a large notional size or referencing a less common underlying rate, index, instrument or asset, may not be liquid in all circumstances, so that in volatile markets we may not be able to close out a position without incurring a loss. The prices of derivative instruments, which commonly include swaps, futures, forwards and options, may be highly volatile and such instruments may subject us to significant losses. The value of such derivatives also depends upon the price of the underlying instrument or asset or the level of the reference market rate or index. Derivative instruments also are subject to the risk of non-performance by the relevant counterparty. In addition, actual or implied daily limits on price fluctuations and position limits on the exchanges or over-the-counter, or OTC, markets in which we may conduct our transactions in derivative instruments may prevent prompt liquidation of positions, subjecting us to the potential of greater losses. Derivative instruments that may be purchased or sold by us may include instruments that are purchased or sold OTC as bilateral transactions and not traded on an exchange. The risk of nonperformance by the obligor on such an OTC derivative instrument may be greater and the ease with which we can dispose of or enter into closing transactions with respect to such an instrument may be less than in the case of an exchange-traded instrument. In addition, significant disparities may exist between bid and asked prices for OTC derivative instruments. Such OTC derivatives are also subject to types and levels of investor protections or governmental regulation that may differ from exchange traded instruments. 
 
 In addition, we may invest in derivative instruments that are neither presently contemplated nor currently available, but which may be developed in the future, to the extent such opportunities are both consistent with our investment objectives and legally permissible. Any such investments may expose us to unique and presently indeterminate risks, the impact of 
 55 

which may not be capable of determination until such instruments are developed and/or we determine to make such an investment. 
 
 We are subject to counterparty risk associated with our debt obligations. 
 
 Our counterparties for critical financial relationships may include both domestic and international financial institutions. These institutions could be severely impacted by credit market turmoil, changes in legislation, allegations of civil or criminal wrongdoing and may as a result experience financial or other pressures. In addition, if a lender or counterparty files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent, our borrowings under financing agreements with them may become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, thus depriving us, at least temporarily, of the benefit of these assets. Such an event could restrict our access to financing and increase our cost of capital. If any of our counterparties were to limit or cease operation, it could lead to financial losses for us. 
 
 We may enter into hedging transactions that could expose us to contingent liabilities in the future. 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, part of our investment strategy may involve entering into hedging transactions that could require us to fund cash payments in certain circumstances (such as the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request margin securities it is contractually owed under the terms of the hedging instrument). The amount due with respect to an early termination would generally be equal to the unrealized loss of such open transaction positions with the respective counterparty and could also include other fees and charges. These economic losses will be reflected in our results of operations, and our ability to fund these obligations will depend on the liquidity of our assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these obligations could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

56 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal executive and administrative offices are located in leased space at 345 Park Avenue, 24 th Floor, New York, New York 10154. We do not own any real property. We consider these facilities to be suitable and adequate for the management and operations of our business. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 57 

PART II. 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our class A common stock is listed for trading on the NYSE under the symbol BXMT. As of February 1, 2023 there were 235 holders of record of our class A common stock. This does not include the number of stockholders that hold shares in street name through banks or broker-dealers. 
 We generally intend to distribute each year substantially all of our taxable income (which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP) to our stockholders to comply with the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. In addition, our dividend policy remains subject to revision at the discretion of our board of directors. All distributions will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other things, our actual results of operations and liquidity. These results and our ability to pay distributions will be affected by various factors, including our taxable income, our financial condition, our maintenance of REIT status, applicable law, and other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not purchase any shares of our class A common stock during the three months or year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 58 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those in this discussion as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed in Part, 1. Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Introduction 
 Blackstone Mortgage Trust is a real estate finance company that originates senior loans collateralized by commercial real estate in North America, Europe, and Australia. Our portfolio is composed primarily of loans secured by high-quality, institutional assets in major markets, sponsored by experienced, well-capitalized real estate investment owners and operators. These senior loans are capitalized by accessing a variety of financing options, including borrowing under our credit facilities, issuing CLOs or single-asset securitizations, and syndicating senior loan participations, depending on our view of the most prudent financing option available for each of our investments. We are not in the business of buying or trading securities, and the only securities we own are the retained interests from our securitization financing transactions, which we have not financed. We are externally managed by BXMT Advisors L.L.C., or our Manager, a subsidiary of Blackstone Inc., or Blackstone, and are a real estate investment trust, or REIT, traded on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol BXMT. 
 We benefit from the deep knowledge, experience and information advantages of our Manager, which is a part of Blackstone s real estate platform. Blackstone has built the world's preeminent global real estate business, with a proven track record of successfully navigating market cycles and emerging stronger through periods of volatility. The market-leading real estate expertise derived from the strength of the Blackstone platform deeply informs our credit and underwriting process, and we believe gives us the tools to expertly manage the assets in our portfolio and work with our borrowers throughout periods of economic stress and uncertainty. 
 We conduct our operations as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent that we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to stockholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. We also operate our business in a manner that permits us to maintain an exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. We are organized as a holding company and conduct our business primarily through our various subsidiaries. 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Macroeconomic Environment 
 
 The year ended December 31, 2022 has been characterized by steep declines and significant volatility in global markets, driven by investor concerns over inflation, rising interest rates, slowing economic growth and geopolitical uncertainty. Inflation across many key economies reached generational highs, prompting central banks to take monetary policy tightening actions that are likely to create headwinds to economic growth. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine is also contributing to economic and geopolitical uncertainty. 
 
 Inflation continues to rise and has caused the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates with indications of future increases, which has created further uncertainty for the economy and for our borrowers. Although our business model is such that rising interest rates will, all else being equal, correlate to increases in our net income, increases in interest rates may adversely affect our existing borrowers. Additionally, rising rates and increasing costs may dampen consumer spending and slow corporate profit growth, which may negatively impact the collateral underlying certain of our loans. While there is debate among economists as to whether such factors, coupled with recent periods of economic contraction in the U.S., indicate that the U.S. has entered, or in the near term will enter, a recession, it remains difficult to predict the full impact of recent changes and any future changes in interest rates or inflation. 
 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 
 LIBOR and certain other floating rate benchmark indices to which our floating rate loans and other loan agreements are tied, including, without limitation, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, or EURIBOR, the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate, or STIBOR, the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate, or BBSY, the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, or CDOR, the 
 59 

Swiss Average Rate Overnight, or SARON, and the Copenhagen Interbank Offering Rate, or CIBOR, or collectively, IBORs, have been the subject of national, international and regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. As of December 31, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Association, or IBA, ceased publication of most non-USD LIBOR settings. IBA also previously announced its intention to cease publication of remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings immediately after June 30, 2023; however, in November 2022 the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates IBA, announced a public consultation regarding whether it should compel IBA to continue publishing synthetic USD LIBOR settings from June 2023 to the end of September 2024. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, or LIBOR Act, was signed into law in the U.S. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts maturing after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. Under the LIBOR Act, such contracts will automatically transition as a matter of law to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, based replacement rate identified by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or Federal Reserve. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Federal Reserve. In July 2022, the Federal Reserve issued a notice of proposed rulemaking implementing the LIBOR Act. As of December 31, 2022, no regulations have been promulgated. 
 
 The Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, or ARRC, a steering committee composed of large U.S. financial institutions, identified SOFR, a new index calculated using short-term repurchase agreements backed by U.S. Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for USD LIBOR. According to the ARRC, data from the cash and derivatives markets show continued momentum in the transition from LIBOR to SOFR, and SOFR is currently predominant across cash and derivatives markets. As of December 31, 2022, one-month term SOFR is utilized as the floating benchmark rate on 76 of our loans, the financing provided on the 2020 FL3 and 2020 FL2 CLOs, one of our asset-specific financings, certain borrowings under twelve of our credit facilities, and our B-4 Term Loan. As of December 31, 2022, one-month term SOFR was 4.36 and one-month USD LIBOR was 4.39 . Additionally, market participants have continued to transition from GBP LIBOR to the Sterling Overnight Index Average, or SONIA, in line with guidance from the U.K. regulators. As of December 31, 2022, daily compounded SONIA is utilized as the floating benchmark rate for all of our floating rate British Pound Sterling loans and related financings. As of December 31, 2022, 63.5 of our aggregate loan principal balance has either transitioned to the applicable replacement benchmark rate, or its existing benchmark rate is not expected to be replaced, and we expect to transition the remaining 36.5 in 2023. 
 
 At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond in the future to SOFR, SONIA, or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from USD LIBOR and GBP LIBOR proceeds. Despite the LIBOR transition in other markets, benchmark rate methodologies in Europe, Australia, Canada, Switzerland and Denmark have been reformed and rates such as EURIBOR, STIBOR, BBSY, CDOR, SARON and CIBOR may persist as International Organization of Securities Commissions, or IOSCO, compliant reference rates moving forward. However, multi-rate environments may persist in these markets as regulators and working groups have suggested market participants adopt alternative reference rates. 
 Refer to Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Lending and Investment Activities The transition away from reference rates and the use of alternative replacement reference rates may adversely affect net interest income related to our loans and investments or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2022 Highlights 
 Operating results: 
 Net income of 248.6 million, or 1.46 per share, and Distributable Earnings of 489.8 million, or 2.87 per share, with dividends declared of 423.6 million, or 2.48 per share. Net income includes a 211.5 million increase to the current expected credit loss, or CECL, reserve that is excluded from Distributable Earnings, as further described below. 
 Book value per share of 26.26 as of December 31, 2022, which is net of a 1.99 cumulative CECL reserve, and is within 1 of our book value of 26.42 as of December 31, 2020, despite an increase of 171.6 million in our CECL reserve since that time. 
 Increased our liquidity to 1.8 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 Loan portfolio: 
 Loan originations of 7.1 billion. During the year we had loan fundings of 7.2 billion and loan repayments of 3.7 billion, resulting in net fundings of 3.4 billion. 
 60 

Portfolio of 203 investments as of December 31, 2022, with a weighted-average origination loan-to-value ratio of 63.9 and weighted-average all-in yield of + 3.76 . 
 Capital markets and financing activity: 
 Closed 4.6 billion of new financings under our secured debt facilities, adding two new credit facilities with innovative structures to finance our investments. 
 Borrowed an additional 825.0 million under our term loan facilities with an interest rate of SOFR plus 3.50 and maturity in 2029, issued 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.50 convertible senior notes due 2027, and issued an aggregate 2.3 million shares of our class A common stock, providing aggregate net proceeds of 70.7 million. 
 
 I. Key Financial Measures and Indicators 
 As a real estate finance company, we believe the key financial measures and indicators for our business are earnings per share, dividends declared, Distributable Earnings, and book value per share. For the three months ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net loss per share of 0.28, declared a dividend of 0.62 per share, and reported 0.87 per share of Distributable Earnings. In addition, our book value as of December 31, 2022 was 26.26 per share, which is net of a 1.99 per share cumulative CECL reserve. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded earnings per share of 1.46, declared aggregate dividends of 2.48 per share, and reported 2.87 per share of Distributable Earnings. 
 As further described below, Distributable Earnings is a measure that is not prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, which helps us to evaluate our performance excluding the effects of certain transactions and GAAP adjustments that we believe are not necessarily indicative of our current loan portfolio and operations. In addition, Distributable Earnings is a performance metric we consider when declaring our dividends. 
 Earnings Per Share and Dividends Declared 
 The following table sets forth the calculation of basic net income (loss) per share and dividends declared per share in thousands, except per share data): 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net (loss) income (1) 
 (47,540) 248,642 419,193 Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic 171,604,533 170,631,410 151,521,941 Per share amount, basic (0.28) 1.46 2.77 Dividends declared per share 0.62 2.48 2.48 
 
 (1) Represents net income attributable to Blackstone Mortgage Trust. Refer to Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for the calculation of diluted net income per share. 
 Distributable Earnings 
 Distributable Earnings is a non-GAAP measure, which we define as GAAP net income (loss), including realized gains and losses not otherwise recognized in current period GAAP net income (loss), and excluding (i) non-cash equity compensation expense, (ii) depreciation and amortization, (iii) unrealized gains (losses), and (iv) certain non-cash items. Distributable Earnings may also be adjusted from time to time to exclude one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and certain other non-cash charges as determined by our Manager, subject to approval by a majority of our independent directors. Distributable Earnings mirrors the terms of our management agreement between our Manager and us, or our Management Agreement, for purposes of calculating our incentive fee expense. 
 Our CECL reserve has been excluded from Distributable Earnings consistent with other unrealized gains (losses) pursuant to our existing policy for reporting Distributable Earnings. We expect to only recognize such potential credit losses in Distributable Earnings if and when such amounts are deemed nonrecoverable upon a realization event. This is generally at the time a loan is repaid, or in the case of foreclosure, when the underlying asset is sold, but non-recoverability may also be concluded if, in our determination, it is nearly certain that all amounts due will not be collected. The realized loss amount reflected in Distributable Earnings will equal the difference between the cash received, or expected to be received, and the book value of the asset, and is reflective of our economic experience as it relates to the ultimate realization of the loan. 
 61 

We believe that Distributable Earnings provides meaningful information to consider in addition to our net income (loss) and cash flow from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP. We believe Distributable Earnings is a useful financial metric for existing and potential future holders of our class A common stock as historically, over time, Distributable Earnings has been a strong indicator of our dividends per share. As a REIT, we generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our net taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, and therefore we believe our dividends are one of the principal reasons stockholders may invest in our class A common stock. Refer to Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our distribution requirements as a REIT. Further, Distributable Earnings helps us to evaluate our performance excluding the effects of certain transactions and GAAP adjustments that we believe are not necessarily indicative of our current loan portfolio and operations, and is a performance metric we consider when declaring our dividends. 
 Distributable Earnings does not represent net income (loss) or cash generated from operating activities and should not be considered as an alternative to GAAP net income (loss), or an indication of our GAAP cash flows from operations, a measure of our liquidity, or an indication of funds available for our cash needs. In addition, our methodology for calculating Distributable Earnings may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar supplemental performance measures, and accordingly, our reported Distributable Earnings may not be comparable to the Distributable Earnings reported by other companies. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Distributable Earnings to GAAP net income (loss) in thousands, except per share data): 
 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net (loss) income (1) 
 (47,540) 248,642 419,193 Charge-offs of current expected credit loss reserve (2) 
 (14,427) Increase (decrease) in current expected credit loss reserve 188,811 211,505 (39,864) Non-cash compensation expense 8,128 33,414 31,647 Realized hedging and foreign currency loss, net (3) 
 (511) (3,239) (521) Adjustments attributable to non-controlling interests, net (268) (361) 132 Other items (25) (131) 561 Distributable Earnings 148,595 489,830 396,721 Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic (4) 
 171,604,533 170,631,410 151,521,941 Distributable Earnings per share, basic 0.87 2.87 2.62 
 
 (1) Represents net (loss) income attributable to Blackstone Mortgage Trust. 
 (2) Represents a realized loss related to loan principal amounts deemed nonrecoverable following a realization event during the year ended December 31, 2021. This amount was previously recognized as a component of GAAP net income as an increase in our current expected credit loss reserve. 
 (3) Represents realized (losses) on the repatriation of unhedged foreign currency. These amounts were not included in GAAP net income, but rather as a component of Other Comprehensive Income in our consolidated financial statements. 
 (4) The weighted-average shares outstanding, basic, exclude shares issuable from a potential conversion of our Convertible Notes. Consistent with the treatment of other unrealized adjustments to Distributable Earnings, these potentially issuable shares are excluded until a conversion occurs. Refer to Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for the calculation of diluted net income per share. 

62 

Book Value Per Share 
 The following table calculates our book value per share in thousands, except per share data): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Stockholders equity 4,518,794 4,588,187 Shares Class A common stock 171,695,985 168,179,798 Deferred stock units 410,608 363,572 Total outstanding 172,106,593 168,543,370 Book value per share (1) 
 26.26 27.22 
 
 (1) The book value per share excludes shares issuable from a potential conversion of our Convertible Notes. Refer to Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for the calculation of diluted net income per share. 
 
 II. Loan Portfolio 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we originated or acquired 7.1 billion of loans. Loan fundings during the year totaled 7.2 billion and loan repayments and sales during the year totaled 3.7 billion. We generated interest income of 1.3 billion and incurred interest expense of 710.9 million during the year, which resulted in 628.1 million of net interest income during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Portfolio Overview 
 The following table details our loan origination activity in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Loan originations (1) 
 235,467 7,058,819 Loan fundings (2) 
 689,872 7,155,133 Loan repayments and sales (3) 
 (647,980) (3,733,990) Total net fundings 41,892 3,421,143 
 
 (1) Includes new loan originations and additional commitments made under existing loans. 
 (2) Loan fundings during the three months and year ended December 31, 2022, include 90.5 million and 344.9 million, respectively, of additional fundings under related non-consolidated senior interests. 
 (3) Loan repayments and sales during the year ended December 31, 2022 include 441.6 million of additional repayments or reduction of loan exposure under related non-consolidated senior interests. Loan repayments and sales during the year ended December 31, 2022 include 300.1 million of additional repayments by the loan held by our non-consolidated securitized debt obligation. There were no such related loan repayments during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

63 

The following table details overall statistics for our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 Balance Sheet Portfolio Loan 
 Exposure (1) 
 Number of investments 203 203 Principal balance 25,160,343 26,810,281 Net book value 24,691,743 24,691,743 Unfunded loan commitments (2) 
 3,806,153 4,511,975 Weighted-average cash coupon (3) 
 + 3.44 + 3.37 Weighted-average all-in yield (3) 
 + 3.84 + 3.76 Weighted-average maximum maturity (years) (4) 
 3.1 3.1 Origination loan to value (LTV) (5) 
 64.1 63.9 
 
 (1) In certain instances, we finance our loans through the non-recourse sale of a senior loan interest that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. Total loan exposure encompasses the entire loan we originated and financed, including 1.6 billion of such non-consolidated senior interests that are not included in our balance sheet portfolio. 
 (2) Unfunded commitments will primarily be funded to finance our borrowers construction or development of real estate-related assets, capital improvements of existing assets, or lease-related expenditures. These commitments will generally be funded over the term of each loan, subject in certain cases to an expiration date. 
 (3) The weighted-average cash coupon and all-in yield are expressed as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR, and other indices as applicable to each investment. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our loans by total loan exposure earned a floating rate of interest, primarily indexed to USD LIBOR and SOFR. In addition to cash coupon, all-in yield includes the amortization of deferred origination and extension fees, loan origination costs, and purchase discounts, as well as the accrual of exit fees. Excludes loans accounted for under the cost-recovery method. 
 (4) Maximum maturity assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower, however our loans and other investments may be repaid prior to such date. As of December 31, 2022, 53 of our loans by total loan exposure were subject to yield maintenance or other prepayment restrictions and 47 were open to repayment by the borrower without penalty. 
 (5) Based on LTV as of the dates loans were originated or acquired by us. 
 
 64 

The following table details the index rate floors for our loan portfolio based on total loan exposure as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 
 Total Loan Exposure (1) 
 Index Rate Floors USD Non-USD (2) 
 Total Fixed Rate 38,160 38,160 0.00 or no floor 4,562,239 6,973,651 11,535,890 0.01 to 1.00 floor 9,837,376 858,247 10,695,623 1.01 to 1.50 floor 2,637,027 153,453 2,790,480 1.51 to 2.00 floor 1,000,252 343,841 1,344,093 2.01 or more floor 356,603 49,432 406,035 Total (3) 
 18,431,657 8,378,624 26,810,281 
 
 (1) In certain instances, we finance our loans through the non-recourse sale of a senior loan interest that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. Total loan exposure encompasses the entire loan we originated and financed, including 1.6 billion of such non-consolidated senior interests that are not included in our balance sheet portfolio. 
 (2) Includes Euro, British Pound Sterling, Swedish Krona, Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Swiss Franc, and Danish Krone currencies. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average index rate floor of our loan portfolio was 0.38 . Excluding 0.0 index rate floors and loans with no floor, the weighted-average index rate floor was 0.65 . As of December 31, 2021, the weighted-average index rate floor of our loan portfolio was 0.42 . Excluding 0.0 index rate floors and loans with no floor, the weighted-average index rate floor was 0.70 . 
 The following table details the floating benchmark rates for our loan portfolio based on total loan exposure as of December 31, 2022 (total investment portfolio amounts in thousands): 
 
 Investment 
 Count 
 Currency Total Loan Exposure (1) 
 Floating Rate Index (2) 
 Cash Coupon (3) 
 All-in Yield (3) 
 160 18,431,659 USD LIBOR / SOFR (4) 
 + 3.21 + 3.58 12 2,717,778 EURIBOR + 3.20 + 3.63 23 2,782,967 SONIA + 3.82 + 4.36 8 Various 2,106,582 Other (5) 
 + 4.21 + 4.52 203 26,810,281 Applicable Index + 3.37 + 3.76 
 
 (1) In certain instances, we finance our loans through the non-recourse sale of a senior loan interest that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. Total loan exposure encompasses the entire loan we originated and financed, including 1.6 billion of such non-consolidated senior interests that are not included in our balance sheet portfolio. 
 (2) We use foreign currency forward contracts to protect the value or fix the amount of certain investments or cash flows in terms of the U.S. dollar. We earn forward points on our forward contracts that reflect the interest rate differentials between the applicable base rate for our foreign currency investments and prevailing U.S. interest rates. These forward contracts effectively convert the foreign currency rate exposure for such investments to USD-equivalent interest rates. 
 (3) In addition to cash coupon, all-in yield includes the amortization of deferred origination and extension fees, loan origination costs, and purchase discounts, as well as the accrual of exit fees. Excludes loans accounted for under the cost-recovery method. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2022, 10.4 billion and 8.0 billion of loans were indexed to USD LIBOR and SOFR, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, one-month USD LIBOR was 4.39 and SOFR was 4.36 . 
 (5) Includes floating rate loans indexed to STIBOR, BBSY, CDOR, SARON, and CIBOR indices. 

65 

The charts below detail the geographic distribution and types of properties securing our loan portfolio, as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Refer to section VI of this Item 7 for details of our loan portfolio, on a loan-by-loan basis. 
 Portfolio Management 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we collected 100.0 of the contractual interest payments that were due under our loans, with no interest deferrals, which we believe demonstrates the overall strength of our loan portfolio and the commitment and financial wherewithal of our borrowers generally, which are primarily affiliated with large real estate private equity funds and other strong, well-capitalized, experienced sponsors. 
 We maintain a robust asset management relationship with our borrowers and utilize these relationships to maximize the performance of our portfolio, including during periods of volatility. We believe that we will benefit from these relationships and from our long-standing core business model of originating senior loans collateralized by large assets in major markets with experienced, well-capitalized institutional sponsors. Our loan portfolio s low weighted-average origination LTV of 63.9 as of December 31, 2022 reflects significant equity value that we expect our sponsors will be motivated to protect through periods of cyclical disruption. While we believe the principal amounts of our loans are generally adequately protected by underlying collateral value, there is a risk that we will not realize the entire principal value of certain investments. 
 Our portfolio monitoring and asset management operations benefit from the deep knowledge, experience, and information advantages derived from our position as part of Blackstone s real estate platform. Blackstone has built the world's preeminent global real estate business, with a proven track record of successfully navigating market cycles and emerging stronger through periods of volatility. The market-leading real estate expertise derived from the strength of the Blackstone platform deeply informs our credit and underwriting process, and gives us the tools to expertly asset manage our portfolio and work with our borrowers throughout periods of economic stress and uncertainty. 
 As discussed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, we perform a quarterly review of our loan portfolio, assesses the performance of each loan, and assigns it a risk rating between 1 and 5, from less risk to greater risk. The weighted-average risk rating of our total loan exposure was 2.8 as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 66 

The following table allocates the principal balance and total loan exposure balances based on our internal risk ratings in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 Risk Rating Number of Loans Net Book Value Total Loan 
 Exposure (1) 
 1 17 1,403,185 1,428,232 2 36 5,880,424 6,562,852 3 134 14,128,133 15,209,018 4 11 2,677,027 2,680,145 5 5 929,111 930,034 Loans receivable 203 25,017,880 26,810,281 CECL reserve (326,137) Loans receivable, net 24,691,743 
 
 (1) In certain instances, we finance our loans through the non-recourse sale of a senior loan interest that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion. Total loan exposure encompasses the entire loan we originated and financed, including 1.6 billion of such non-consolidated senior interests as of December 31, 2022. 
 Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve 
 The CECL reserve required by GAAP reflects our current estimate of potential credit losses related to our loans and debt securities included in our consolidated balance sheets. Other than a few narrow exceptions, GAAP requires that all financial instruments subject to the CECL model have some amount of loss reserve to reflect the GAAP principle underlying the CECL model that all loans, debt securities, and similar assets have some inherent risk of loss, regardless of credit quality, subordinate capital, or other mitigating factors. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase of 201.5 million in the CECL reserve against our loans receivable portfolio, bringing our total loans receivable CECL reserve to 326.1 million as of December 31, 2022. This CECL reserve reflects certain loans assessed for impairment in our portfolio, as well as macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures and market volatility. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase of 134.9 million in the CECL reserve specifically related to four of our loans receivable with an aggregate net book value of 644.3 million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the income accrual was suspended on these four loans as recovery of income and principal was doubtful. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 11.3 million of interest income on these loans. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate 189.8 million CECL reserve specifically related to five of our loans receivable, with an aggregate net book value of 929.1 million. This CECL reserve was recorded based on our estimation of the fair value of each of the loan s underlying collateral as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, we had a 54.9 million CECL reserve specifically related to one of our loans receivable, with a net book value of 284.8 million. No income was recorded on this loan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, all borrowers were current with all contractual terms of each respective loan, including payments of interest. Refer to Note 2 for further discussion of our revenue recognition policy and CECL reserve. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into a loan modification related to an office asset in New York City, which is classified as a troubled debt restructuring under GAAP. This modification included, among other changes, a reduction in the loan's contractual interest payments, an incremental exit fee, and an extension of the loan's maturity date. This loan has an outstanding principal balance of 193.6 million, with commitments to fund an additional 8.2 million, at our discretion, as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, this loan was deemed impaired and we recorded an asset-specific CECL reserve against this loan. 
 Previously, we entered into loan modifications related to a multifamily asset in New York City, which were classified as troubled debt restructurings under GAAP. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, the borrower committed significant additional capital to the property and engaged new management to oversee property operations, and we reduced the loan's outstanding principal balance to 37.5 million. As a result of the modification, during the three months ended December 31, 2021, we charged-off 14.4 million of the 14.8 million asset-specific CECL reserve we recorded on this loan, and reversed the remaining 360,000 CECL reserve. As of December 31, 2022, this loan has an outstanding principal 
 67 

balance of 38.2 million, net of cost-recovery proceeds. As of December 31, 2022, this loan was deemed impaired and we recorded an asset-specific CECL reserve against this loan. 
 Previously, we entered into a loan modification related to a hospitality asset in New York City, which is classified as a troubled debt restructuring under GAAP. As of December 31, 2022, this loan has an outstanding principal balance of 286.3 million, net of cost-recovery proceeds. As of June 30, 2020 this loan was deemed impaired and we recorded an asset-specific CECL reserve against this loan. This asset-specific CECL reserve has not changed as of December 31, 2022. 
 Multifamily Joint Venture 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Multifamily Joint Venture held 795.6 million of loans, which are included in the loan disclosures above. Refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our Multifamily Joint Venture. 
 Portfolio Financing 
 Our portfolio financing consists of secured debt, securitizations, and asset-specific financings. The following table details our portfolio financing in thousands): 
 Portfolio Financing 
 Outstanding Principal Balance 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Secured debt 13,549,748 12,299,580 Securitizations (1) 
 2,673,541 3,155,727 Asset-specific financings (2) 
 2,824,961 1,913,374 Total portfolio financing 19,048,250 17,368,681 
 
 (1) Includes our consolidated securitized debt obligations of 2.7 billion as of December 31, 2022. Includes our consolidated securitized debt obligations of 2.9 billion and non-consolidated securitized debt of 300.1 million as of December 31, 2021. The non-consolidated securitized debt obligation represents the senior non-consolidated investment exposure to the 2018 Single Asset Securitization. We owned the related subordinate position, which was classified as a held-to-maturity debt security on our balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2018 Single Asset Securitization was liquidated upon full repayment of its collateral and all senior securities outstanding. Refer to Note 4 and Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for details of the 2018 Single Asset Securitization. 
 (2) Includes our asset-specific debt of 950.3 million, our loan participations sold of 224.7 million, and our non-consolidated senior interests of 1.6 billion, as of December 31, 2022. Includes our asset-specific debt of 400.7 million and our non-consolidated senior interests of 1.5 billion, as of December 31, 2021. The loan participations sold and non-consolidated senior interests are non-debt financings that provide structural leverage for our whole loan investments. 
 Secured Debt 
 The following table details our outstanding secured debt in thousands): 
 
 Secured Debt Borrowings Outstanding December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Secured credit facilities 13,549,748 12,299,580 Acquisition facility Total secured debt 13,549,748 12,299,580 
 
 68 

Secured Credit Facilities 
 The following table details our secured credit facilities by spread over the applicable base rates as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2022 Spread (1) 
 New Financings (2) 
 Total 
 Borrowings 
 Wtd. Avg. 
 All-in Cost (1)(3)(4) 
 Collateral (5) 
 Wtd. Avg. 
 All-in Yield (1)(3) 
 Net Interest 
 Margin (6) 
 + 1.50 or less 
 1,329,508 7,433,204 +1.53 10,465,647 +3.24 +1.71 + 1.51 to + 1.75 
 368,265 2,246,223 +1.88 3,538,815 +3.73 +1.85 + 1.76 to + 2.00 
 405,723 1,514,541 +2.16 2,483,240 +4.14 +1.98 + 2.01 or more 
 1,246,650 2,355,780 +2.63 3,207,088 +4.78 +2.15 Total 3,350,146 13,549,748 +1.85 19,694,790 +3.70 +1.85 

(1) The spread, all-in cost, and all-in yield are expressed over the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR, and other indices as applicable. 
 (2) Represents borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 for new financings during the year ended December 31, 2022, based on the date collateral was initially pledged to each credit facility. 
 (3) In addition to spread, the cost includes the associated deferred fees and expenses related to the respective borrowings. In addition to cash coupon, all-in yield includes the amortization of deferred origination and extension fees, loan origination costs, and purchase discounts, as well as the accrual of exit fees. Excludes loans accounted for under the cost recovery method. 
 (4) Represents the weighted-average all-in cost as of December 31, 2022 and is not necessarily indicative of the spread applicable to recent or future borrowings. 
 (5) Represents the principal balance of the collateral assets. 
 (6) Represents the difference between the weighted-average all-in yield and weighted-average all-in cost. 
 Acquisition Facility 
 We have a 250.0 million full recourse secured credit facility that is designed to finance eligible first mortgage originations for up to nine months as a bridge to term financing without obtaining discretionary lender approval. The maturity date of the facility is April 4, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had no assets pledged to our acquisition facility and no outstanding borrowings. 
 
 Securitizations 
 The following table details our outstanding securitizations in thousands): 
 
 Securitizations Outstanding December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Securitized debt obligations 2,673,541 2,855,625 Non-consolidated securitized debt obligation (1) 
 300,102 Total securitizations 2,673,541 3,155,727 
 
 (1) These non-consolidated securitized debt obligations represent the senior non-consolidated investment exposure to the 2018 Single Asset Securitization. We owned the related subordinate position, which was classified as a held-to-maturity debt security on our balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2018 Single Asset Securitization was liquidated upon full repayment of its collateral and all senior securities outstanding. Refer to Note 4 and Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for details of the 2018 Single Asset Securitization. 
 69 

Securitized Debt Obligations 
 We have financed certain pools of our loans through collateralized loan obligations, which include the 2021 FL4 CLO, 2020 FL3 CLO, and 2020 FL2 CLO, or collectively, the CLOs. The following table details our securitized debt obligations and the underlying collateral assets that are financed in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 Securitized Debt Obligations Count Principal 
 Balance 
 Book 
 Value 
 Wtd. Avg. 
 Yield/Cost (1)(2) 
 Term (3) 
 2021 FL4 Collateralized Loan Obligation Senior CLO Securities Outstanding 1 803,750 799,626 + 1.57 May 2038 Underlying Collateral Assets 30 1,000,000 1,000,000 + 3.47 May 2025 2020 FL3 Collateralized Loan Obligation Senior CLO Securities Outstanding 1 808,750 806,757 + 2.14 November 2037 Underlying Collateral Assets 16 1,000,000 1,000,000 + 3.25 November 2024 2020 FL2 Collateralized Loan Obligation Senior CLO Securities Outstanding 1 1,061,041 1,057,627 + 1.55 February 2038 Underlying Collateral Assets 17 1,317,916 1,317,916 + 3.42 November 2024 Total Senior CLO Securities Outstanding (4) 
 3 2,673,541 2,664,010 + 1.73 Underlying Collateral Assets 63 3,317,916 3,317,916 + 3.38 
 
 (1) In addition to cash coupon, all-in yield includes the amortization of deferred origination and extension fees, loan origination costs, purchase discounts, and accrual of exit fees. 
 (2) The weighted-average all-in yield and cost are expressed as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR and SOFR, as applicable to each securitized debt obligation. As of December 31, 2022, the floating benchmark rate for the financing provided on the 2020 FL3 and 2020 FL2 CLOs is one-month SOFR. As of December 31, 2022, one-month SOFR was 4.36 and one-month USD LIBOR was 4.39 . Excludes loans accounted for under the cost recovery method. 
 (3) Underlying Collateral Assets term represents the weighted-average final maturity of such loans, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. Repayments of securitized debt obligations are tied to timing of the related collateral loan asset repayments. The term of these obligations represents the rated final distribution date of the securitizations. 
 (4) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 87.6 million of interest expense related to our securitized debt obligations. 
 Refer to Note 6 and Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for additional details of our securitized debt obligations. 

70 

Asset-Specific Financings 
 The following table details our outstanding asset-specific financings in thousands): 
 
 Asset-Specific Financings 
 Outstanding Principal Balance 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Asset-specific debt 950,278 400,699 Loan participations sold (1) 
 224,744 Non-consolidated senior interests (1) 
 1,649,939 1,512,675 Total asset-specific financings 2,824,961 1,913,374 
 
 (1) These loan participations sold and non-consolidated senior interests provide structural leverage for our net investments which are reflected in the form of mezzanine loans or other subordinate interests on our balance sheet and in our results of operations. 
 Asset-Specific Debt 
 The following table details our asset-specific debt in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 Asset-Specific Debt Count Principal 
 Balance 
 Book Value Wtd. Avg. 
 Yield/Cost (1) 
 Wtd. Avg. 
 Term (2) 
 Financing provided 4 950,278 942,503 + 3.29 January 2026 Collateral assets 4 1,094,450 1,081,035 + 4.73 January 2026 

(1) These floating rate loans and related liabilities are currency and indexed matched to the applicable benchmark rate relevant in each arrangement. In addition to cash coupon, yield/cost includes the amortization of deferred origination fees and financing costs. 
 (2) The weighted-average term is determined based on the maximum maturity of the corresponding loans, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. Our asset-specific debt is term-matched in each case to the corresponding collateral loans. 
 Loan Participations Sold 
 The following table details our loan participations sold in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 Loan Participations Sold Count Principal 
 Balance 
 Book Value Wtd. Avg. 
 Yield/Cost (1) 
 
 Term (2) 
 Senior participation (3) 
 1 224,744 224,232 + 3.22 March 2027 Total loan 1 280,930 278,843 + 4.86 March 2027 
 
 (1) This non-debt participation sold structure is inherently matched in terms of currency and interest rate. In addition to cash coupon, yield/cost includes the amortization of deferred fees and financing costs. 
 (2) The term is determined based on the maximum maturity of the loan, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. Our loan participation sold is inherently non-recourse and term-matched to the corresponding collateral loan. 
 (3) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 7.9 million of interest expense related to our loan participations sold. 
 
 71 

Non-Consolidated Senior Interests 
 In certain instances, we finance our loans through the non-recourse sale of a senior loan interest that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. These non-consolidated senior interests provide structural leverage for our net investments which are reflected in the form of mezzanine loans or other subordinate interests on our balance sheet and in our results of operations. Our non-consolidated senior interests are inherently term-matched and non-recourse. 
 The following table details the subordinate interests retained on our balance sheet and the related non-consolidated senior interests in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 Non-Consolidated Senior Interests Count Principal Balance Book Value Wtd. Avg. 
 Yield/Cost (1) 
 Wtd. Avg. Term Senior participation 8 1,649,939 n/a + 2.65 March 2026 Total loan 8 2,042,929 n/a + 3.71 March 2026 
 (1) The weighted-average spread and all-in yield are expressed as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates, which includes USD LIBOR and SOFR, as applicable to each investment. This non-debt participation sold structure is inherently matched in terms of currency and interest rate. In addition to cash coupon, yield/cost includes the amortization of deferred fees and financing costs. 
 
 Corporate Financing 
 The following table details our outstanding corporate financing in thousands): 
 
 Corporate Financing Outstanding Principal Balance December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Term loans 2,157,218 1,349,271 Senior secured notes 400,000 400,000 Convertible notes 520,000 622,500 Total corporate financing 3,077,218 2,371,771 
 Term Loans 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following senior term loan facilities, or Term Loans, were outstanding in thousands): 
 
 Term Loans Face Value Interest Rate (1) 
 All-in Cost (1)(2) 
 Maturity B-1 Term Loan 920,365 + 2.25 + 2.53 April 23, 2026 B-3 Term Loan 415,168 + 2.75 + 3.42 April 23, 2026 B-4 Term Loan 821,685 + 3.50 + 4.11 May 9, 2029 
 
 (1) The B-3 Term Loan and the B-4 Term Loan borrowings are subject to a floor of 0.50 . The B-1 Term Loan and B-3 Term Loan are indexed to one-month USD LIBOR and the B-4 Term Loan is indexed to one-month SOFR. 
 (2) Includes issue discount and transaction expenses that are amortized through interest expense over the life of the Term Loans. 
 Refer to Note 2 and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our Term Loans. 
 
 72 

Senior Secured Notes 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following Senior Secured Notes, were outstanding in thousands): Senior Secured Notes Face Value Interest Rate All-in Cost (1) 
 Maturity Senior Secured Notes 400,000 3.75 4.04 January 15, 2027 
 
 (1) Includes transaction expenses that are amortized through interest expense over the life of the Senior Secured Notes. 
 Refer to Note 2 and Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our Senior Secured Notes. 
 Convertible Notes 
 As of December 31, 2022 the following convertible senior notes, or Convertible Notes, were outstanding in thousands): 
 
 Convertible Notes Issuance Face Value Interest Rate 
 All-in Cost (1) 
 Conversion Price (2) 
 Maturity March 2018 220,000 4.75 5.33 36.23 March 15, 2023 March 2022 300,000 5.50 5.94 36.27 March 15, 2027 
 
 (1) Includes issuance costs that are amortized through interest expense over the life of the Convertible Notes using the effective interest method. 
 (2) Represents the price of class A common stock per share based on a conversion rate of 27.6052 and 27.5702, respectively, for the March 2018 and March 2022 convertible notes. The conversion rate represents the number of shares of class A common stock issuable per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes. The cumulative dividend threshold as defined in the respective March 2018 and March 2022 convertible notes supplemental indentures have not been exceeded as of December 31, 2022. 
 Refer to Note 2 and Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our Convertible Notes. 
 Floating Rate Portfolio 
 Generally, our business model is such that rising interest rates will increase our net income, while declining interest rates will decrease net income. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our investments by total loan exposure earned a floating rate of interest and were financed with liabilities that pay interest at floating rates, which resulted in an amount of net equity that is positively correlated to rising interest rates, subject to the impact of interest rate floors on certain of our floating rate investments. 
 Our liabilities are generally currency and index-matched to each collateral asset, resulting in a net exposure to movements in benchmark rates that varies by currency silo based on the relative proportion of floating rate assets and liabilities. 
 
 73 

The following table details our investment portfolio s net exposure to interest rates by currency as of December 31, 2022 (amounts in thousands): 
 
 USD 
 GBP 
 EUR 
 All Other (1) 
 Floating rate loans (2)(3) 
 18,393,500 2,782,967 2,717,778 2,106,582 Floating rate debt (2)(3)(4) 
 (14,897,068) (2,106,649) (2,017,887) (1,602,787) Net floating rate exposure 3,496,432 676,318 699,891 503,795 Net floating rate exposure in USD (5) 
 3,496,432 817,195 749,233 503,795 

(1) Includes Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Danish Krone, Swedish Krona, and Swiss Franc currencies. 
 (2) Our floating rate loans and related liabilities are currency and indexed matched to the applicable benchmark rate relevant in each arrangement. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, 10.4 billion and 8.0 billion of floating rate loans were indexed to USD LIBOR and SOFR, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 8.3 billion and 6.6 billion of floating rate debt was indexed to USD LIBOR and SOFR, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, one-month SOFR was 4.36 and one-month USD LIBOR was 4.39 . 
 (4) Includes borrowings under secured debt, securitizations, asset-specific financings, and term loans. 
 (5) Represents the U.S. Dollar equivalent as of December 31, 2022. 

74 

III. Our Results of Operations 
 Operating Results 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in thousands, except per share data): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2021 vs 2020 2022 2021 2021 2020 Income from loans and other investments Interest and related income 1,338,954 854,690 484,264 854,690 779,648 75,042 Less: Interest and related expenses 710,904 340,223 370,681 340,223 347,471 (7,248) Income from loans and other investments, net 628,050 514,467 113,583 514,467 432,177 82,290 Other expenses Management and incentive fees 110,292 88,467 21,825 88,467 77,916 10,551 General and administrative expenses 52,193 43,168 9,025 43,168 45,871 (2,703) Total other expenses 162,485 131,635 30,850 131,635 123,787 7,848 (Increase) decrease in current expected credit loss reserve (211,505) 39,864 (251,369) 39,864 (167,653) 207,517 Income before income taxes 254,060 422,696 (168,636) 422,696 140,737 281,959 Income tax provision 3,003 423 2,580 423 323 100 Net income 251,057 422,273 (171,216) 422,273 140,414 281,859 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests (2,415) (3,080) 665 (3,080) (2,744) (336) Net income attributable to Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 248,642 419,193 (170,551) 419,193 137,670 281,523 Net income per share of common stock basic and diluted 1.46 2.77 (1.31) 2.77 0.97 1.80 Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 170,631,410 151,521,941 19,109,469 151,521,941 141,795,977 9,725,964 Dividends declared per share 2.48 2.48 2.48 2.48 
 Income from loans and other investments, net 
 Income from loans and other investments, net increased 113.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to (i) an increase in USD LIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, and other floating rate indices during 2022 and (ii) an increase in the weighted-average principal balance of our loan portfolio by 5.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily offset by an increase in the weighted-average principal balance of our outstanding financing arrangements by 5.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Income from loans and other investments, net increased 82.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to (i) an increase in prepayment fee income, (ii) an increase in the weighted-average principal balance of our loan portfolio by 2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, and (iii) the impact of declining LIBOR and other floating rate 
 75 

indices, which had a larger impact on interest expense than interest income as a result of certain of our loans earning interest based on floors that were above the applicable floating rate index during the period. This was offset by an increase in the weighted-average principal balance of our outstanding financing arrangements by 1.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Other expenses 
 Other expenses include management and incentive fees payable to our Manager and general and administrative expenses. Other expenses increased by 30.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to an increase of (i) 13.0 million of incentive fees payable to our Manager, primarily due to an increase in Distributable Earnings, (ii) 8.8 million of management fees payable to our Manager, primarily as a result of net proceeds received from the sale of shares of our class A common stock during 2022 and 2021, (iii) 7.3 million of general operating expenses, and (iv) 1.7 million of non-cash restricted stock amortization related to shares issued under our long-term incentive plans. 
 Other expenses increased by 7.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 due to an increase of (i) 6.8 million of incentive fees payable to our Manager, primarily due to an increase in Distributable Earnings, and (ii) 3.8 million of management fees payable to our Manager, primarily as a result of net proceeds received from the sale of shares of our class A common stock during 2021 and 2020. This was offset by a decrease of 3.0 million of non-cash restricted stock amortization related to shares issued under our long-term incentive plans in 2021 and 2020, primarily due to the difference in the grant date share price. 
 Changes in current expected credit loss reserve 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a 211.5 million increase in the CECL reserve, as compared to a 39.9 million decrease during the year ended December 31, 2021. This CECL reserve reflects certain loans assessed for impairment in our portfolio, as well as macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures and market volatility. 
 During year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a 39.9 million decrease in the CECL reserve, as compared to a 167.7 million increase during the year ended December 31, 2020. This CECL reserve reflected the macroeconomic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on commercial real estate markets generally, as well as certain loans assessed for impairment in our portfolio. See Notes 2 and 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our CECL reserve. 
 Dividends per share 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we declared aggregate dividends of 2.48 per share, or 423.6 million. During 2021, we declared aggregate dividends of 2.48 per share, or 383.9 million. During 2020, we declared aggregate dividends of 2.48 per share, or 356.2 million. 
 
 76 

The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022 in thousands, except per share data): 
 
 Three Months Ended Change December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 Income from loans and other investments Interest and related income 462,278 358,557 103,721 Less: Interest and related expenses 271,196 202,375 68,821 Income from loans and other investments, net 191,082 156,182 34,900 Other expenses Management and incentive fees 33,830 25,911 7,919 General and administrative expenses 14,492 12,932 1,560 Total other expenses 48,322 38,843 9,479 Increase in current expected credit loss reserve (188,811) (12,248) (176,563) Income before income taxes (46,051) 105,091 (151,142) Income tax provision 938 1,172 (234) Net income (46,989) 103,919 (150,908) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests (551) (673) 122 Net income attributable to Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (47,540) 103,246 (150,786) Net income per share of common stock Basic (0.28) 0.60 (0.88) Diluted (0.28) 0.59 (0.87) Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Basic 171,604,533 170,971,874 632,659 Diluted 171,604,533 185,316,078 (13,711,545) Dividends declared per share 0.62 0.62 
 Income from loans and other investments, net 
 Income from loans and other investments, net increased 34.9 million during the three months ended December 31, 2022 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022. The increase was primarily due to (i) an increase in USD LIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR, and other floating rate indices for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and (ii) an increase in prepayment fee income. 
 Other expenses 
 Other expenses include management and incentive fees payable to our Manager and general and administrative expenses. Other expenses increased by 9.5 million during the three months ended December 31, 2022 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2022 primarily due to an increase of (i) 7.8 million of incentive fees payable to our Manager, primarily due to an increase in Distributable Earnings, and (ii) 1.7 million of general operating expenses. 
 Changes in current expected credit loss reserve 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a 188.8 million increase in the CECL reserve, as compared to a 12.2 million increase during the three months ended September 30, 2022. This CECL reserve reflects certain loans assessed for impairment in our portfolio, as well as macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures and market volatility. See Notes 2 and 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our CECL reserve. 

77 

Dividends per share 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we declared aggregate dividends of 0.62 per share, or 106.5 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2022, we declared aggregate dividends of 0.62 per share, or 106.0 million. 
 
 IV. Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Capitalization 
 We have capitalized our business to date primarily through the issuance and sale of shares of our class A common stock, corporate debt, and asset-level financings. As of December 31, 2022, our capitalization structure included 4.5 billion of common equity, 3.1 billion of corporate debt, and 19.0 billion of asset-level financings. Our 3.1 billion of corporate debt includes 2.2 billion of term loan borrowings, 400.0 million of senior secured notes, and 520.0 million of convertible notes. Our 19.0 billion of asset-level financings includes 13.5 billion of secured debt, 2.7 billion of securitizations, and 2.8 billion of asset-specific financings, all of which are structured to produce term, currency, and index matched funding with no margin call provisions based upon capital markets events. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 1.8 billion of liquidity that can be used to satisfy our short-term cash requirements and as working capital for our business. 
 See Notes 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11 to our co nsolidated financial statements for additional details regarding our secured debt, securitized debt obligations, asset-specific debt, loan participations sold, Term Loans, Senior Secured Notes, and Convertible Notes, respectively. 
 Debt-to-Equity Ratio and Total Leverage Ratio 
 The following table presents our debt-to-equity ratio and total leverage ratio: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Debt-to-equity ratios Debt-to-equity ratio (1) 
 3.8x 3.2x Adjusted debt-to-equity ratio (2) 
 3.6x 3.1x Total leverage ratios Total leverage ratio (3) 
 4.8x 4.2x Adjusted total leverage ratio (4) 
 4.5x 4.1x 
 
 (1) Represents, in each case at period end, (i) total outstanding secured debt, asset-specific debt, term loans, senior secured notes, and convertible notes, less cash, to (ii) total equity. 
 (2) Represents, in each case at period end, (i) total outstanding secured debt, asset-specific debt, term loans, senior secured notes, and convertible notes, less cash, to (ii) total equity, excluding our aggregate CECL reserve of 342.5 million and 131.0 million, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Represents, in each case at period end, (i) total outstanding secured debt, securitizations, asset-specific financings, term loans, senior secured notes, and convertible notes, less cash, to (ii) total equity. 
 (4) Represents, in each case at period end, (i) total outstanding secured debt, securitizations, asset-specific financings, term loans, senior secured notes, and convertible notes, less cash, to (ii) total equity, excluding our aggregate CECL reserve of 342.5 million and 131.0 million, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

78 

Sources of Liquidity 
 Our primary sources of liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, available borrowings under our secured debt facilities, and net receivables from servicers related to loan repayments, which are set forth in the following table in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 291,340 551,154 Available borrowings under secured debt 1,536,638 754,900 Loan principal payments held by servicer, net (1) 
 7,425 17,528 1,835,403 1,323,582 
 
 (1) Represents loan principal payments held by our third-party servicer as of the balance sheet date which were remitted to us during the subsequent remittance cycle, net of the related secured debt balance. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated cash flow from operating activities of 396.8 million and received (i) 3.3 billion from loan principal collections and sales proceeds, (ii) 1.7 billion of net proceeds from secured debt borrowings, (iii) 807.8 million of net proceeds from secured term loan borrowings, (iv) 562.0 million of net proceeds from asset-specific debt, (v) 294.0 million of net proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes, (vi) 330.3 million of net cash settlements on our foreign currency forward contracts, (vii) 245.3 million from the sale of a senior loan participation, and (viii) 70.7 million of net proceeds from the issuance of shares of class A common stock. Furthermore, we are able to generate incremental liquidity through the replenishment provisions of certain of our CLOs, which allow us to replace a repaid loan in the CLO by increasing the principal amount of existing CLO collateral assets to maintain the aggregate amount of collateral assets in the CLO, and the related financing outstanding. 
 We have access to further liquidity through public offerings of debt and equity securities. To facilitate such offerings, in July 2022, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC that is effective for a term of three years and expires in July 2025. The amount of securities to be issued pursuant to this shelf registration statement was not specified when it was filed and there is no specific dollar limit on the amount of securities we may issue. The securities covered by this registration statement include: (i) class A common stock; (ii) preferred stock; (iii) depositary shares representing preferred stock; (iv) debt securities; (v) warrants; (vi) subscription rights; (vii) purchase contracts; and (viii) units consisting of one or more of such securities or any combination of these securities. The specifics of any future offerings, along with the use of proceeds of any securities offered, will be described in detail in a prospectus supplement, or other offering materials, at the time of any offering. 
 We may also access liquidity through our dividend reinvestment plan and direct stock purchase plan, under which 9,981,548 shares of class A common stock were available for issuance as of December 31, 2022, and our at the market stock offering program, pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to 480.9 million of additional shares of our class A common stock as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 Liquidity Needs 
 In addition to our loan origination and funding activity and general operating expenses, our primary liquidity needs include interest and principal payments under our 13.5 billion of outstanding borrowings under secured debt, our asset-specific debt, our Term Loans, our Senior Secured Notes, and our Convertible Notes. From time to time we may also repurchase our outstanding debt or shares of our class A common stock. Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. The amounts involved in any such purchase transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may be material. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had unfunded commitments of 3.8 billion related to 121 loans receivable and 2.4 billion of committed or identified financing for those commitments resulting in net unfunded commitments of 1.4 billion. The unfunded loan commitments comprise funding for capital expenditures and construction, leasing costs, and interest and carry costs, and their fundability varies depending on the progress of capital projects, leasing, and cash flows at the properties securing our loans. Therefore, the exact timing and amounts of such future loan fundings are uncertain and will depend on the current and future performance of the underlying collateral assets. We expect to fund our loan commitments over the remaining term of the related loans, which have a weighted-average future funding period of 3.0 years. 

79 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022 were as follows in thousands): 
 
 Payment Timing Total 
 Obligation 
 Less Than 
 1 Year (1) 
 1 to 3 
 Years 
 3 to 5 Years More Than 
 5 Years 
 Unfunded loan commitments (2) 
 3,806,153 452,531 1,553,697 1,143,845 656,080 Principal repayments under secured debt (3) 
 13,549,748 397,365 4,434,180 7,939,746 778,457 Principal repayments under asset-specific debt (3) 
 950,278 816,434 31,900 101,944 Principal repayments of term loans (4) 
 2,157,218 21,997 43,994 1,310,832 780,395 Principal repayments of senior secured notes 400,000 400,000 Principal repayments of convertible notes (5) 
 520,000 220,000 300,000 Interest payments (3)(6) 
 3,502,067 1,037,275 1,634,923 674,749 155,120 Total (7) 
 24,885,464 2,129,168 8,483,228 11,801,072 2,471,996 
 
 (1) Represents known and estimated short-term cash requirements related to our contractual obligations and commitments. Refer to the sources of liquidity section above for our sources of funds to satisfy our short-term cash requirements. 
 (2) The allocation of our unfunded loan commitments is based on the earlier of the commitment expiration date or the final loan maturity date, however we may be obligated to fund these commitments earlier than such date. 
 (3) Our secured debt and asset-specific debt agreements are generally term-matched to their underlying collateral. Therefore, the allocation of both principal and interest payments under such agreements is generally allocated based on the maximum maturity date of the collateral loans, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. In limited instances, the maturity date of the respective debt agreement is used. 
 (4) The Term Loans are partially amortizing, with an amount equal to 1.0 per annum of the initial principal balance due in quarterly installments. Refer to Note 9 for further details on our term loans. 
 (5) Reflects the outstanding principal balance of convertible notes, excluding any potential conversion premium. Refer to Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for further details on our convertible notes. 
 (6) Represents interest payments on our secured debt, asset-specific debt, term loans, senior secured notes, and convertible notes. Future interest payment obligations are estimated assuming the interest rates in effect as of December 31, 2022 will remain constant into the future. This is only an estimate as actual amounts borrowed and interest rates will vary over time. 
 (7) Total does not include 2.7 billion of consolidated securitized debt obligations, 1.6 billion of non-consolidated senior interests, and 224.7 million of loan participations sold, as the satisfaction of these liabilities will not require cash outlays from us. 
 We are also required to settle our foreign exchange derivatives with our derivative counterparties upon maturity which, depending on exchange rate movements, may result in cash received from or due to the respective counterparty. The table above does not include these amounts as they are not fixed and determinable. Refer to Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements for details regarding our derivative contracts. 
 We are required to pay our Manager a base management fee, an incentive fee, and reimbursements for certain expenses pursuant to our Management Agreement. The table above does not include the amounts payable to our Manager under our Management Agreement as they are not fixed and determinable. Refer to Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for additional terms and details of the fees payable under our Management Agreement. 
 As a REIT, we generally must distribute substantially all of our net taxable income to stockholders in the form of dividends to comply with the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Our taxable income does not necessarily equal our net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP, or our Distributable Earnings as described above. 
 80 

Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a breakdown of the net change in our cash and cash equivalents in thousands): 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows provided by operating activities 396,825 382,483 336,607 Cash flows used in investing activities (3,253,535) (5,627,461) (88,251) Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 2,607,224 5,508,224 (110,769) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (249,486) 263,246 137,587 
 We experienced a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents of 249.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net increase of 263.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we (i) funded 6.8 billion of loans, (ii) repaid 402.5 million of convertible notes, and (iii) paid 421.4 million of dividends on our class A common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received (i) 3.3 billion from loan principal collections and sales proceeds, (ii) 1.7 billion of net proceeds from secured debt borrowings, (iii) 807.8 million of net proceeds from secured term loan borrowings, (iv) 562.0 million of net proceeds from asset-specific debt, (v) 330.3 million of net cash settlements on our foreign currency forward contracts, (vi) 294.0 million of net proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes, (vii) 245.3 million from the sale of a senior loan participation, and (viii) 70.7 million of net proceeds from the issuance of shares of class A common stock. 
 We experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of 263.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to a net increase of 137.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received (i) 6.7 billion from loan principal collections and sales proceeds, (ii) 4.7 billion of net proceeds from secured debt borrowings, (iii) 638.0 million of net proceeds from the issuance of shares of class A common stock, (iv) 395.0 million of net proceeds from the issuance of senior secured notes, and (v) 298.5 million of net proceeds from secured term loan borrowings. We used the proceeds from these activities to fund 12.6 billion of new loans. 
 Refer to Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our loan activity. Refer to Notes 5, 7, 8, 9, 11, and 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our secured debt, asset-specific debt, loan participations sold, term loans, convertible notes, and equity, respectively. 
 
 V. Other Items 
 Income Taxes 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our net taxable income, subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain, in order for U.S. federal income tax not to apply to our earnings. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our net taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal tax laws. 
 Our qualification as a REIT also depends on our ability to meet various other requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Code, which relate to organizational structure, diversity of stock ownership, and certain restrictions with regard to the nature of our assets and the sources of our income. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal income and excise taxes and state and local taxes on our income and assets. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT for any taxable year, we may be subject to material penalties as well as federal, state and local income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and we would not be able to qualify as a REIT for the subsequent four full taxable years. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with all REIT requirements. 
 Furthermore, our taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to federal, state, and local income tax on their net taxable income. Refer to Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our income taxes. 

81 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires our Manager to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates. During 2022, our Manager reviewed and evaluated our critical accounting policies and believes them to be appropriate. The following is a summary of our significant accounting policies that we believe are the most affected by our Manager s judgments, estimates, and assumptions: 
 Current Expected Credit Losses 
 The current expected credit loss, or CECL, reserve required under Accounting Standard Update, or ASU, 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (Topic 326), or ASU 2016-13, reflects our current estimate of potential credit losses related to our loans and debt securities included in our consolidated balance sheets. We estimate our CECL reserve primarily using the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity, or WARM method, which has been identified as an acceptable loss-rate method for estimating CECL reserves in the Financial Accounting Standards Board Staff Q A Topic 326, No. 1. Estimating the CECL reserve requires judgment, including the following assumptions: 
 Historical loan loss reference data: To estimate the historic loan losses relevant to our portfolio, we have augmented our historical loan performance with market loan loss data licensed from Trepp LLC. This database includes commercial mortgage-backed securities, or CMBS, issued since January 1, 1999 through November 30, 2022. Within this database, we focused our historical loss reference calculations on the most relevant subset of available CMBS data, which we determined based on loan metrics that are most comparable to our loan portfolio including asset type, geography, and origination loan-to-value, or LTV. We believe this CMBS data, which includes month-over-month loan and property performance, is the most relevant, available, and comparable dataset to our portfolio. 
 Expected timing and amount of future loan fundings and repayments: Expected credit losses are estimated over the contractual term of each loan, adjusted for expected prepayments. As part of our quarterly review of our loan portfolio, we assess the expected repayment date of each loan, which is used to determine the contractual term for purposes of computing our CECL reserve. Additionally, the expected credit losses over the contractual period of our loans are subject to the obligation to extend credit through our unfunded loan commitments. The CECL reserve for unfunded loan commitments is adjusted quarterly, as we consider the expected timing of future funding obligations over the estimated life of the loan. The considerations in estimating our CECL reserve for unfunded loan commitments are similar to those used for the related outstanding loan receivables. 
 Current credit quality of our portfolio: Our risk rating is our primary credit quality indicator in assessing our current expected credit loss reserve. We perform a quarterly risk review of our portfolio of loans, and assigns each loan a risk rating based on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, LTV, debt yield, property type, geographic and local market dynamics, physical condition, cash flow volatility, leasing and tenant profile, loan structure and exit plan, and project sponsorship. 
 Expectations of performance and market conditions: Our CECL reserve is adjusted to reflect our estimation of the current and future economic conditions that impact the performance of the commercial real estate assets securing our loans. These estimations include unemployment rates, interest rates, inflation, and other macroeconomic factors impacting the likelihood and magnitude of potential credit losses for our loans during their anticipated term. In addition to the CMBS data we have licensed from Trepp LLC, we have also licensed certain macroeconomic financial forecasts to inform our view of the potential future impact that broader economic conditions may have on our loan portfolio s performance. We may also incorporate information from other sources, including information and opinions available to our Manager, to further inform these estimations. This process requires significant judgments about future events that, while based on the information available to us as of the balance sheet date, are ultimately indeterminate and the actual economic condition impacting our portfolio could vary significantly from the estimates we made as of December 31, 2022. 
 Impairment: impairment is indicated when it is deemed probable that we will not be able to collect all amounts due to us pursuant to the contractual terms of the loan. Determining that a loan is impaired requires significant judgment from management and is based on several factors including (i) the underlying collateral performance, (ii) discussions with the borrower, (iii) borrower events of default, and (iv) other facts that impact the borrower s ability to pay the contractual amounts due under the terms of the loan. If a loan is determined to be impaired, we record the impairment as a component of our CECL reserve by applying the practical expedient for collateral 
 82 

dependent loans. The CECL reserve is assessed on an individual basis for these loans by comparing the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, to the book value of the respective loan. These valuations require significant judgments, which include assumptions regarding capitalization rates, discount rates, leasing, creditworthiness of major tenants, occupancy rates, availability and cost of financing, exit plan, loan sponsorship, actions of other lenders, and other factors deemed relevant by us. Actual losses, if any, could ultimately differ materially from these estimates. We only expect to realize the impairment losses if and when such amounts are deemed nonrecoverable upon a realization event. This is generally at the time a loan is repaid, or in the case of foreclosure, when the underlying asset is sold, but non-recoverability may also be concluded if, in our determination, it is nearly certain that all amounts due will not be collected. 
 These assumptions vary from quarter to quarter as our loan portfolio changes and market and economic conditions evolve. The sensitivity of each assumption and its impact on the CECL reserve may change over time and from period to period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an aggregate 211.5 million increase in the CECL reserve related to our loans receivable, debt securities, and unfunded loan commitments, bringing our total reserve to 342.5 million as of December 31, 2022. See Notes 2 and 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our CECL reserve. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Interest income from our loans receivable portfolio and debt securities is recognized over the life of each investment using the effective interest method and is recorded on the accrual basis. Recognition of fees, premiums, and discounts associated with these investments is deferred and recorded over the term of the loan or debt security as an adjustment to yield. Income accrual is generally suspended for loans at the earlier of the date at which payments become 90 days past due or when, in our opinion, recovery of income and principal becomes doubtful. Interest received is then recorded as a reduction in the outstanding principal balance until accrual is resumed when the loan becomes contractually current and performance is demonstrated to be resumed. In addition, for loans we originate, the related origination expenses are deferred and recognized as a component of interest income, however expenses related to loans we acquire are included in general and administrative expenses as incurred. 
 83 

VI. Loan Portfolio Details 
 The following table provides details of our loan portfolio, on a loan-by-loan basis, as of December 31, 2022 in millions): 
 Loan Type (1) 
 Origination 
 Date (2) 
 Total 
 Loan (3)(4) 
 Principal 
 Balance (4) 
 Net Book Value Cash 
 Coupon (5) 
 All-in 
 Yield (5) 
 Maximum 
 Maturity (6) 
 Location Property Type Loan Per SQFT / Unit / Key Origination 
 LTV (2) 
 Risk Rating 1 Senior Loan 8/14/2019 1,171 1,033 1,029 +3.06 +3.78 12/23/2024 Dublin - IE Mixed-Use 386 / sqft 74 2 2 Senior Loan 4/9/2018 1,487 905 899 +4.49 +5.72 6/9/2025 New York Office 525 / sqft 48 2 3 Senior Loan 6/24/2022 901 901 893 +4.75 +5.07 6/21/2029 Diversified - AU Hospitality 410 / sqft 59 3 4 Senior Loan (4) 
 12/9/2021 770 710 408 +2.65 +2.82 12/9/2026 New York Mixed-Use 219 / sqft 50 2 5 Senior Loan (4) 
 8/7/2019 746 668 135 +3.12 +3.61 9/9/2025 Los Angeles Office 451 / sqft 59 3 6 Senior Loan 3/22/2018 655 655 654 +3.25 +3.31 3/15/2026 Diversified - Spain Mixed-Use n / a 71 4 7 Senior Loan 3/30/2021 477 477 473 +3.20 +3.41 5/15/2026 Diversified - SE Industrial 88 / sqft 76 2 8 Senior Loan (4) 
 12/17/2021 448 440 88 +3.95 +4.35 1/9/2026 Diversified - US Other 13,716 / unit 61 2 9 Senior Loan 7/23/2021 500 401 396 +4.00 +4.42 8/9/2027 New York Multi 538,046 / unit 58 3 10 Senior Loan 8/22/2018 363 363 363 +3.42 +3.42 8/9/2023 Maui Hospitality 471,391 / key 61 1 11 Senior Loan (4) 
 11/22/2019 470 353 70 +3.70 +4.15 12/9/2025 Los Angeles Office 622 / sqft 69 3 12 Senior Loan 9/23/2019 375 346 344 +3.00 +3.23 8/15/2024 Diversified - Spain Hospitality 122,667 / key 62 4 13 Senior Loan 4/11/2018 355 345 344 +2.85 +3.10 5/1/2023 New York Office 437 / sqft 71 4 14 Senior Loan 10/25/2021 307 307 304 +4.30 +4.62 10/25/2024 Diversified - AU Hospitality 151,102 / key 56 3 15 Senior Loan 2/27/2020 303 302 302 +2.70 +3.04 3/9/2025 New York Multi 795,074 / unit 59 2 16 Senior Loan 5/6/2022 297 297 295 +3.50 +3.79 5/6/2027 Diversified - UK Industrial 92 / sqft 53 2 17 Senior Loan 1/11/2019 290 290 289 +4.40 +4.75 1/11/2026 Diversified - UK Other 286 / sqft 74 4 18 Senior Loan 9/29/2021 312 288 286 +2.70 +2.91 10/9/2026 Washington, DC Office 375 / sqft 66 2 19 Senior Loan 11/30/2018 286 286 285 +2.35 +2.35 8/9/2025 New York Hospitality 306,870 / key 73 5 20 Senior Loan 12/11/2018 310 284 285 +2.55 +3.24 12/9/2023 Chicago Office 239 / sqft 78 4 21 Senior Loan 3/25/2022 281 281 279 +4.50 +4.86 3/25/2027 Diversified - UK Hospitality 123,867 / key 65 3 22 Senior Loan 10/23/2018 290 281 280 +2.86 +3.01 11/9/2024 Atlanta Mixed-Use 261 / sqft 64 2 23 Senior Loan 9/30/2021 280 273 271 +2.50 +2.77 9/30/2026 Dallas Multi 143,960 / unit 74 3 24 Senior Loan 4/26/2021 264 264 262 +2.56 +2.75 5/9/2026 Diversified - US Multi 156,393 / unit 75 3 25 Senior Loan 11/30/2018 262 260 259 +2.80 +3.04 12/9/2024 San Francisco Hospitality 379,015 / key 73 4 26 Senior Loan 7/15/2021 301 256 253 +4.25 +4.68 7/16/2026 Diversified - EUR Hospitality 195,728 / key 53 3 27 Senior Loan 9/14/2021 259 255 254 +2.50 +2.76 9/14/2026 Dallas Multi 206,310 / unit 72 3 28 Senior Loan 9/16/2021 247 235 234 +3.80 +4.51 4/9/2024 San Francisco Office 285 / sqft 53 3 29 Senior Loan 6/8/2022 272 234 232 +3.65 +4.01 6/9/2027 New York Office 1,312 / sqft 75 3 30 Senior Loan 2/23/2022 245 230 228 +2.60 +2.84 3/9/2027 Reno Multi 213,047 / unit 74 3 
 continued 

84 

Loan Type (1) 
 Origination 
 Date (2) 
 Total 
 Loan (3)(4) 
 Principal 
 Balance (4) 
 Net Book Value Cash 
 Coupon (5) 
 All-in 
 Yield (5) 
 Maximum 
 Maturity (6) 
 Location Property Type Loan Per SQFT / Unit / Key Origination 
 LTV (2) 
 Risk Rating 31 Senior Loan 4/23/2021 219 209 209 +3.65 +3.65 5/9/2024 Washington, DC Office 234 / sqft 57 5 32 Senior Loan 7/16/2021 221 205 203 +3.25 +3.81 2/15/2027 London - UK Multi 228,087 / unit 69 3 33 Senior Loan 10/1/2019 248 204 203 +3.75 +4.28 10/9/2025 Atlanta Office 380 / sqft 68 1 34 Senior Loan 8/31/2017 203 203 203 +2.50 +2.50 9/9/2023 Orange County Office 238 / sqft 64 5 35 Senior Loan 6/28/2019 198 198 197 +3.82 +4.49 6/26/2024 London - UK Office 647 / sqft 71 3 36 Senior Loan 6/27/2019 205 197 197 +2.80 +2.80 8/15/2026 Berlin - DEU Office 423 / sqft 62 3 37 Senior Loan 9/30/2021 195 195 194 +3.75 +4.10 10/9/2026 Boca Raton Multi 532,787 / unit 77 3 38 Senior Loan 12/22/2016 202 194 195 +2.00 +2.00 12/9/2023 New York Office 286 / sqft 64 5 39 Senior Loan 9/30/2021 237 188 186 +4.00 +4.49 9/30/2026 Diversified - Spain Hospitality 132,783 / key 60 3 40 Senior Loan 6/4/2018 183 183 183 +3.50 +3.76 6/9/2024 New York Hospitality 301,071 / key 52 4 41 Senior Loan 9/30/2021 256 179 177 +3.00 +3.35 10/9/2028 Chicago Office 197 / sqft 74 3 42 Senior Loan 9/25/2019 178 178 177 +4.47 +4.99 9/26/2024 London - UK Office 811 / sqft 72 3 43 Senior Loan 2/15/2022 191 177 176 +2.90 +3.14 3/9/2027 Denver Office 353 / sqft 61 3 44 Senior Loan 11/23/2018 177 177 176 +2.68 +2.92 2/15/2024 Diversified - UK Office 1,092 / sqft 50 3 45 Senior Loan 12/21/2021 182 175 174 +2.82 +3.11 4/29/2027 London - UK Industrial 359 / sqft 67 3 46 Senior Loan 7/23/2021 244 168 167 +5.00 +5.41 8/9/2027 New York Office 545 / sqft 53 3 47 Senior Loan 12/17/2021 168 165 164 +3.95 +4.33 1/9/2026 Diversified - US Other 5,601 / unit 48 1 48 Senior Loan 3/9/2022 163 163 162 +2.95 +3.17 8/15/2027 Various Retail 140 / sqft 55 2 49 Senior Loan 1/27/2022 178 163 162 +3.10 +3.44 2/9/2027 Dallas Multi 106,318 / unit 71 3 50 Senior Loan 7/29/2022 266 162 158 +4.60 +5.78 7/27/2027 London - UK Industrial 228 / sqft 52 3 51 Senior Loan 5/27/2021 205 160 159 +2.70 +2.99 6/9/2026 Atlanta Office 134 / sqft 66 3 52 Senior Loan 10/7/2021 165 160 159 +3.25 +3.58 10/9/2025 Los Angeles Office 326 / sqft 68 3 53 Senior Loan 5/13/2021 199 156 155 +3.55 +3.99 6/9/2026 Boston Office 793 / sqft 64 3 54 Senior Loan 3/7/2022 156 156 155 +3.45 +3.63 6/9/2026 Los Angeles Hospitality 624,000 / key 64 3 55 Senior Loan 8/24/2021 179 156 155 +3.10 +3.41 9/9/2026 San Jose Office 371 / sqft 65 3 56 Senior Loan 8/31/2021 150 150 149 +3.15 +3.42 9/9/2026 Diversified - US Retail 299 / sqft 65 2 57 Senior Loan 9/4/2018 163 150 149 +4.25 +4.50 9/9/2024 Las Vegas Hospitality 181,054 / key 70 3 58 Senior Loan 1/7/2022 155 146 145 +3.70 +3.97 1/9/2027 Fort Lauderdale Office 377 / sqft 55 1 59 Senior Loan 1/17/2020 203 146 145 +2.75 +3.16 2/9/2025 New York Mixed-Use 120 / sqft 43 3 60 Senior Loan 11/18/2021 137 137 136 +3.25 +3.51 11/18/2026 London - UK Other 174 / sqft 65 2 
 
 continued 

85 

Loan Type (1) 
 Origination 
 Date (2) 
 Total 
 Loan (3)(4) 
 Principal 
 Balance (4) 
 Net Book Value Cash 
 Coupon (5) 
 All-in 
 Yield (5) 
 Maximum 
 Maturity (6) 
 Location Property Type Loan Per SQFT / Unit / Key Origination 
 LTV (2) 
 Risk Rating 61 Senior Loan 12/20/2019 136 136 135 +3.22 +3.44 12/18/2026 London - UK Office 688 / sqft 75 3 62 Senior Loan 2/25/2022 135 135 134 +4.05 +4.43 2/25/2027 Copenhagen - DK Industrial 91 / sqft 69 2 63 Senior Loan 3/10/2020 140 132 132 +3.10 +3.10 10/11/2024 New York Mixed-Use 806 / sqft 53 3 64 Senior Loan 6/30/2022 129 129 129 +3.75 +3.93 9/30/2025 Canberra - AU Hospitality 251,353 / key 60 3 65 Senior Loan 9/14/2021 132 128 128 +2.70 +2.95 10/9/2026 San Bernardino Multi 258,709 / unit 75 3 66 Senior Loan 6/28/2022 675 127 121 +4.60 +5.04 7/9/2029 Austin Mixed-Use 106 / sqft 53 3 67 Senior Loan 3/28/2022 150 126 125 +3.05 +3.35 4/9/2027 Miami Office 341 / sqft 69 3 68 Senior Loan 4/3/2018 126 125 125 +2.86 +3.03 4/9/2024 Dallas Retail 761 / sqft 64 3 69 Senior Loan 4/6/2021 123 121 120 +3.20 +3.52 4/9/2026 Los Angeles Office 510 / sqft 65 3 70 Senior Loan 6/1/2021 120 120 120 +2.96 +3.17 6/9/2026 Miami Multi 298,507 / unit 61 2 71 Senior Loan 4/29/2022 118 118 117 +3.50 +3.77 2/18/2027 Napa Valley Hospitality 1,240,799 / key 66 2 72 Senior Loan 3/29/2021 123 118 117 +4.02 +4.61 3/29/2026 Diversified - UK Multi 51,680 / unit 61 3 73 Senior Loan 5/20/2021 150 118 117 +3.76 +4.19 6/9/2026 San Jose Office 302 / sqft 65 3 74 Senior Loan 6/28/2019 125 117 117 +2.75 +2.91 2/1/2024 Los Angeles Office 591 / sqft 48 3 75 Senior Loan 7/15/2019 138 117 116 +3.01 +3.43 8/9/2024 Houston Office 211 / sqft 58 3 76 Senior Loan 8/27/2021 122 115 114 +3.00 +3.29 9/9/2026 San Diego Retail 434 / sqft 58 3 77 Senior Loan 10/21/2021 114 114 114 +3.01 +3.26 11/9/2025 Fort Lauderdale Multi 334,311 / unit 64 1 78 Senior Loan 2/20/2019 163 111 111 +4.07 +6.12 2/19/2024 London - UK Office 545 / sqft 61 3 79 Senior Loan 12/21/2021 120 111 110 +2.70 +3.00 1/9/2027 Washington, DC Office 380 / sqft 68 3 80 Senior Loan 3/17/2022 262 110 108 +3.87 +4.63 6/30/2025 London - UK Office 494 / sqft 62 3 81 Senior Loan 3/13/2018 123 108 108 +3.00 +3.27 4/9/2027 Honolulu Hospitality 167,020 / key 50 3 82 Senior Loan 11/8/2022 107 107 106 +3.88 +4.53 11/8/2027 London - UK Multi 166,047 / unit 60 3 83 Senior Loan 11/27/2019 109 107 106 +2.86 +3.20 12/9/2024 Minneapolis Office 107 / sqft 64 3 84 Senior Loan 2/15/2022 106 104 104 +2.85 +3.19 3/9/2027 Tampa Multi 239,117 / unit 73 3 85 Senior Loan (4) 
 11/10/2021 362 104 20 +4.00 +4.68 12/9/2026 San Francisco Office 198 / sqft 66 3 86 Senior Loan 12/29/2021 110 102 101 +2.85 +3.06 1/9/2027 Phoenix Multi 174,662 / unit 64 3 87 Senior Loan 3/29/2022 103 101 100 +2.70 +2.96 4/9/2027 Miami Multi 280,418 / unit 75 3 88 Senior Loan 7/1/2021 104 99 99 +3.10 +3.35 7/9/2026 Diversified - US Retail 281 / sqft 61 2 89 Senior Loan 10/1/2021 101 99 99 +2.86 +3.13 10/1/2026 Phoenix Multi 229,212 / unit 77 3 90 Senior Loan 6/18/2021 99 99 98 +2.60 +2.83 7/9/2026 New York Industrial 51 / sqft 55 1 
 
 continued 

86 

Loan Type (1) 
 Origination 
 Date (2) 
 Total 
 Loan (3)(4) 
 Principal 
 Balance (4) 
 Net Book Value Cash 
 Coupon (5) 
 All-in 
 Yield (5) 
 Maximum 
 Maturity (6) 
 Location Property Type Loan Per SQFT / Unit / Key Origination 
 LTV (2) 
 Risk Rating 91 Senior Loan 12/15/2021 146 98 96 +3.44 +4.52 12/9/2026 Dublin - IE Multi 245,972 / unit 79 3 92 Senior Loan 12/10/2021 135 98 97 +3.00 +3.35 1/9/2027 Miami Office 327 / sqft 49 3 93 Senior Loan 3/28/2019 97 97 97 +3.25 +3.25 1/9/2024 New York Hospitality 249,463 / key 63 4 94 Senior Loan 10/28/2021 96 96 95 +3.00 +3.35 11/9/2026 Philadelphia Multi 353,704 / unit 79 3 95 Senior Loan 3/25/2020 114 95 95 +2.40 +2.78 3/31/2025 Diversified - NL Multi 116,103 / unit 65 2 96 Senior Loan 6/14/2021 100 93 93 +3.70 +4.04 7/9/2024 Miami Office 196 / sqft 65 3 97 Senior Loan 10/27/2021 93 93 92 +2.61 +2.81 11/9/2026 Orlando Multi 155,612 / unit 75 3 98 Senior Loan 3/3/2022 92 92 91 +3.45 +3.76 3/9/2027 Boston Hospitality 418,182 / key 64 3 99 Senior Loan 12/21/2018 98 91 91 +2.60 +2.85 1/9/2024 Chicago Office 176 / sqft 72 3 100 Senior Loan 12/22/2021 91 91 90 +3.18 +3.44 1/9/2027 Las Vegas Multi 205,682 / unit 65 3 101 Senior Loan 10/16/2018 99 90 90 +3.36 +3.64 11/9/2024 San Francisco Hospitality 196,325 / key 72 4 102 Senior Loan 12/15/2021 91 89 88 +2.85 +3.10 1/9/2027 Charlotte Multi 253,585 / unit 76 3 103 Senior Loan 12/10/2018 87 87 87 +4.57 +5.28 12/3/2024 London - UK Office 416 / sqft 72 3 104 Senior Loan 6/25/2021 85 85 85 +2.75 +3.10 7/1/2026 St. Louis Multi 80,339 / unit 70 3 105 Senior Loan 3/31/2017 89 84 84 +4.30 +4.54 4/9/2023 New York Office 403 / sqft 64 4 106 Senior Loan 4/1/2021 102 83 83 +3.30 +3.74 4/9/2026 San Jose Office 558 / sqft 67 3 107 Senior Loan 7/30/2021 87 83 83 +2.50 +2.84 8/9/2026 Los Angeles Multi 164,314 / unit 70 3 108 Senior Loan 7/29/2021 82 82 81 +2.65 +3.02 6/9/2026 Charlotte Multi 222,630 / unit 78 3 109 Senior Loan 3/9/2022 92 80 80 +2.90 +3.43 3/9/2025 Boston Office 211 / sqft 68 3 110 Senior Loan 6/14/2022 106 80 79 +2.95 +3.30 7/9/2027 San Francisco Mixed-Use 166 / sqft 76 3 111 Senior Loan 12/15/2021 89 80 79 +5.25 +6.19 12/15/2026 Melbourne - AU Multi 58,341 / unit 38 3 112 Senior Loan 6/27/2019 88 79 79 +2.75 +3.04 7/9/2024 West Palm Beach Office 274 / sqft 70 2 113 Senior Loan 1/30/2020 104 79 79 +2.96 +3.41 2/9/2026 Honolulu Hospitality 254,250 / key 63 3 114 Senior Loan 8/27/2021 79 77 77 +3.85 +4.43 9/9/2026 Diversified - US Hospitality 114,079 / key 67 3 115 Senior Loan 11/23/2021 92 77 76 +2.75 +3.08 12/9/2026 Los Angeles Industrial 219 / sqft 66 3 116 Senior Loan 12/23/2021 312 73 69 +4.25 +5.37 6/24/2028 London - UK Multi 81,145 / unit 59 3 117 Senior Loan (4) 
 12/30/2021 228 73 14 +4.35 +5.29 1/9/2028 Los Angeles Multi 209,770 / unit 50 3 118 Senior Loan 12/21/2021 74 72 71 +2.70 +3.06 1/9/2027 Tampa Multi 210,663 / unit 77 2 119 Senior Loan 10/28/2021 69 69 69 +2.66 +2.86 11/9/2026 Tacoma Multi 209,864 / unit 70 3 120 Senior Loan 1/26/2022 338 69 66 +4.10 +4.56 2/9/2027 Seattle Office 145 / sqft 56 3 
 continued 

87 

Loan Type (1) 
 Origination 
 Date (2) 
 Total 
 Loan (3)(4) 
 Principal 
 Balance (4) 
 Net Book Value Cash 
 Coupon (5) 
 All-in 
 Yield (5) 
 Maximum 
 Maturity (6) 
 Location Property Type Loan Per SQFT / Unit / Key Origination 
 LTV (2) 
 Risk Rating 121 Senior Loan 8/17/2022 76 68 67 +3.35 +3.83 8/17/2027 Dublin - IE Industrial 107 / sqft 72 3 122 Senior Loan 9/22/2021 67 67 67 +3.00 +3.16 4/1/2024 Jacksonville Multi 181,081 / unit 62 2 123 Senior Loan 3/24/2022 65 65 65 +3.50 +3.59 4/1/2027 Fairfield Multi 406,250 / unit 70 3 124 Senior Loan 3/31/2022 70 64 63 +2.80 +3.14 4/9/2027 Las Vegas Multi 139,394 / unit 71 3 125 Senior Loan 8/14/2019 70 62 62 +2.56 +2.78 9/9/2024 Los Angeles Office 606 / sqft 57 3 126 Senior Loan 3/31/2021 62 62 62 +3.73 +3.86 4/1/2024 Boston Multi 316,327 / unit 75 3 127 Senior Loan 7/30/2021 62 62 62 +2.86 +3.06 8/9/2026 Salt Lake City Multi 224,185 / unit 73 3 128 Senior Loan 12/23/2021 61 61 61 +2.18 +2.99 9/1/2023 New York Office 240 / sqft 71 3 129 Senior Loan 6/30/2021 65 59 59 +2.90 +3.19 7/9/2026 Nashville Office 244 / sqft 71 3 130 Senior Loan 4/15/2021 66 59 59 +3.00 +3.30 5/9/2026 Austin Office 286 / sqft 73 3 131 Senior Loan 12/17/2021 66 58 58 +4.35 +4.83 1/9/2026 Diversified - US Other 4,404 / unit 37 1 132 Senior Loan 9/29/2021 62 58 58 +2.85 +3.02 10/1/2025 Houston Multi 52,968 / unit 61 3 133 Senior Loan 12/17/2021 58 58 58 +2.65 +2.85 1/9/2027 Phoenix Multi 209,601 / unit 69 3 134 Senior Loan 7/16/2021 58 58 58 +2.75 +3.03 8/1/2025 Orlando Multi 195,750 / unit 74 2 135 Senior Loan 8/22/2019 57 57 56 +2.66 +3.01 9/9/2024 Los Angeles Office 317 / sqft 63 3 136 Senior Loan 12/10/2020 61 56 56 +3.25 +3.54 1/9/2026 Fort Lauderdale Office 193 / sqft 68 3 137 Senior Loan 12/22/2021 55 55 54 +2.82 +2.96 1/1/2027 Los Angeles Multi 272,500 / unit 68 3 138 Senior Loan 6/28/2021 54 54 53 +3.60 +4.86 2/15/2023 Diversified - Spain Hospitality 122,727 / key 56 3 139 Senior Loan 12/14/2018 60 53 53 +2.90 +3.14 1/9/2024 Diversified - US Industrial 39 / sqft 57 1 140 Senior Loan 7/30/2021 59 53 52 +2.86 +3.07 8/9/2026 Tampa Multi 129,859 / unit 71 2 141 Senior Loan 1/21/2022 68 52 52 +3.70 +4.11 2/9/2027 Denver Office 308 / sqft 65 3 142 Senior Loan 8/16/2022 64 52 51 +4.75 +5.35 8/16/2027 London - UK Hospitality 382,807 / key 64 3 143 Senior Loan 11/11/2021 54 51 51 +4.07 +4.86 8/12/2026 London - UK Hospitality 183,403 / key 40 3 144 Senior Loan 12/9/2021 51 51 51 +2.75 +2.89 1/1/2027 Portland Multi 241,825 / unit 65 3 145 Senior Loan 8/5/2021 57 51 51 +2.90 +3.04 8/9/2026 Denver Office 193 / sqft 70 3 146 Senior Loan 2/17/2021 53 51 51 +3.55 +3.75 3/9/2026 Miami Multi 290,985 / unit 64 2 147 Senior Loan 2/20/2019 49 49 49 +3.50 +3.72 3/9/2024 Calgary - CAN Office 136 / sqft 52 2 148 Senior Loan 9/23/2021 49 49 49 +2.75 +2.86 10/1/2026 Portland Multi 232,938 / unit 65 3 149 Senior Loan 11/30/2016 57 49 48 +3.18 +3.40 12/9/2023 Chicago Retail 946 / sqft 54 4 150 Senior Loan 7/20/2021 48 48 47 +2.75 +3.09 8/9/2026 Los Angeles Multi 366,412 / unit 60 3 
 
 continued 

88 

Loan Type (1) 
 Origination 
 Date (2) 
 Total 
 Loan (3)(4) 
 Principal 
 Balance (4) 
 Net Book Value Cash 
 Coupon (5) 
 All-in 
 Yield (5) 
 Maximum 
 Maturity (6) 
 Location Property Type Loan Per SQFT / Unit / Key Origination 
 LTV (2) 
 Risk Rating 151 - 203 Senior Loan (4) 
 Various 2,099 1,719 1,668 +3.06 +3.46 3.0 yrs Various Various Various 63 2.6 CECL reserve (326) Loans receivable, net 31,322 26,810 24,692 + 3.37 + 3.76 3.1 yrs 64 2.8 

(1) Senior loans include senior mortgages and similar credit quality loans, including related contiguous subordinate loans and pari passu participations in senior mortgage loans. 
 (2) Date loan was originated or acquired by us, and the LTV as of such date. Origination dates are subsequently updated to reflect material loan modifications. 
 (3) Total loan amount reflects outstanding principal balance as well as any related unfunded loan commitment. 
 (4) In certain instances, we finance our loans through the non-recourse sale of a senior loan interest that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, eight loans in our portfolio have been financed with an aggregate 1.6 billion of non-consolidated senior interest, which are included in the table above. 
 (5) The weighted-average cash coupon and all-in yield are expressed as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR, and other indices as applicable to each loan. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our loans by total loan exposure earned a floating rate of interest, primarily indexed to USD LIBOR and SOFR. In addition to cash coupon, all-in yield includes the amortization of deferred origination and extension fees, loan origination costs, and purchase discounts, as well as the accrual of exit fees. Excludes loans accounted for under the cost-recovery method. 
 (6) Maximum maturity assumes all extension options are exercised, however our loans may be repaid prior to such date. 
 89 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Investment Portfolio Net Interest Income 
 Generally, our business model is such that rising interest rates will increase our net income, while declining interest rates will decrease net income. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our investments by total loan exposure earned a floating rate of interest and were financed with liabilities that pay interest at floating rates, which resulted in an amount of net equity that is positively correlated to rising interest rates, subject to the impact of interest rate floors on certain of our floating rate loans. 
 Refer to Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Lending and Investment Activities The transition away from reference rates and the use of alternative replacement reference rates may adversely affect net interest income related to our loans and investments or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following table projects the earnings impact on our interest income and expense, net of incentive fees, for the twelve-month period following December 31, 2022 , of an increase in the various floating-rate indices referenced by our portfolio, assuming no change in credit spreads, portfolio composition, or asset performance, relative to the average indices during the year ended December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 
 Assets (Liabilities) Sensitive to Changes in Interest Rates (1) 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity as of December 31, 2022 (2) 
 Increase in Rates Decrease in Rates 50 Basis Points 
 100 Basis Points 
 50 Basis Points 100 Basis Points Floating rate assets 26,772,122 103,521 207,042 (102,042) (203,889) Floating rate liabilities (3) 
 (21,205,467) (84,822) (169,644) 84,342 168,644 Net exposure 5,566,655 18,699 37,398 (17,700) (35,245) 

(1) Reflects the USD equivalent value of floating rate assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. 
 (2) Increases (decreases) in interest income and expense are presented net of incentive fees. Refer to Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for additional details of our incentive fee calculation. 
 (3) Includes amounts outstanding under secured debt, securitizations, asset-specific financings, and term loans. 
 Investment Portfolio Value 
 As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our portfolio earned a floating rate of interest, and so the value of our investments is generally not impacted by changes in market interest rates. Additionally, we generally hold all of our loans to maturity and so do not expect to realize gains or losses resulting from any mark to market valuation adjustments on our loan portfolio. 
 
 Risk of Non-Performance 
 In addition to the risks related to fluctuations in cash flows and asset values associated with movements in interest rates, there is also the risk of non-performance on floating rate assets. In the case of a significant increase in interest rates, the cash flows of the collateral real estate assets may not be sufficient to pay debt service due under our loans, which may contribute to non-performance or, in severe cases, default. This risk is partially mitigated by our consideration of rising rate stress-testing during our underwriting process, which generally includes a requirement for our borrower to purchase an interest rate cap contract with an unaffiliated third-party, provide an interest reserve deposit, and/or provide other structural guarantees. 
 Credit Risks 
 Our loans are also subject to credit risk. The performance and value of our loans depend upon the sponsors ability to operate the properties that serve as our collateral so that they produce cash flows adequate to pay interest and principal due to us. To monitor this risk, our asset management team reviews our loan portfolios and, in certain instances, is in regular contact with our borrowers, monitoring performance of the collateral and enforcing our rights as necessary. 
 90 

In addition, we are exposed to the risks generally associated with the commercial real estate market, including variances in occupancy rates, capitalization rates, absorption rates, and other macroeconomic factors beyond our control. We seek to manage these risks through our underwriting and asset management processes. 
 We maintain a robust asset management relationship with our borrowers and utilize these relationships to maximize the performance of our portfolio, including during periods of volatility. We believe that we will benefit from these relationships and from our long-standing core business model of originating senior loans collateralized by large assets in major markets with experienced, well-capitalized institutional sponsors. Our loan portfolio s low origination weighted-average LTV of 63.9 as of December 31, 2022 reflects significant equity value that we expect our sponsors will be motivated to protect through periods of cyclical disruption. While we believe the principal amounts of our loans are generally adequately protected by underlying collateral value, there is a risk that we will not realize the entire principal value of certain loans. 
 Our portfolio monitoring and asset management operations benefit from the deep knowledge, experience, and information advantages derived from our position as part of Blackstone s real estate platform. Blackstone has built the world's preeminent global real estate business, with a proven track record of successfully navigating market cycles and emerging stronger through periods of volatility. The market-leading real estate expertise derived from the strength of the Blackstone platform deeply informs our credit and underwriting process, and we believe gives us the tools to expertly asset manage our portfolio and work with our borrowers throughout periods of economic stress and uncertainty. 
 The year ended December 31, 2022 has been characterized by steep declines and significant volatility in global markets, driven by investor concerns over inflation, rising interest rates, slowing economic growth and geopolitical uncertainty. Inflation across many key economies reached generational highs, prompting central banks to take monetary policy tightening actions that are likely to create headwinds to economic growth. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine is also contributing to economic and geopolitical uncertainty. 
 
 Inflation continues to rise and has caused the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates with indications of future increases, which has created further uncertainty for the economy and for our borrowers. Although our business model is such that rising interest rates will, all else being equal, correlate to increases in our net income, increases in interest rates may adversely affect our existing borrowers Additionally, rising rates and increasing costs may dampen consumer spending and slow corporate profit growth, which may negatively impact the collateral underlying certain of our loans. While there is debate among economists as to whether such factors, coupled with recent periods of economic contraction in the U.S. indicate that the U.S. has entered, or in the near term will enter, a recession, it remains difficult to predict the full impact of recent changes and any future changes in interest rates or inflation. 
 
 Capital Market Risks 
 We are exposed to risks related to the equity capital markets, and our related ability to raise capital through the issuance of our class A common stock or other equity instruments. We are also exposed to risks related to the debt capital markets, and our related ability to finance our business through borrowings under credit facilities or other debt instruments. As a REIT, we are required to distribute a significant portion of our taxable income annually, which constrains our ability to accumulate operating cash flow and therefore requires us to utilize debt or equity capital to finance our business. We seek to mitigate these risks by monitoring the debt and equity capital markets to inform our decisions on the amount, timing, and terms of capital we raise. 
 Margin call provisions under our credit facilities do not permit valuation adjustments based on capital markets events, and are limited to collateral-specific credit marks generally determined on a commercially reasonable basis. 
 Counterparty Risk 
 The nature of our business requires us to hold our cash and cash equivalents and obtain financing from various financial institutions. This exposes us to the risk that these financial institutions may not fulfill their obligations to us under these various contractual arrangements. We mitigate this exposure by depositing our cash and cash equivalents and entering into financing agreements with high credit-quality institutions. 
 The nature of our loans also exposes us to the risk that our counterparties do not make required interest and principal payments on scheduled due dates. We seek to manage this risk through a comprehensive credit analysis prior to making a loan and active monitoring of the asset portfolios that serve as our collateral, as further discussed above. 
 91 

Currency Risk 
 Our loans that are denominated in a foreign currency are also subject to risks related to fluctuations in currency rates. We generally mitigate this exposure by matching the currency of our assets to the currency of the financing for our assets. As a result, we substantially reduce our exposure to changes in portfolio value related to changes in foreign currency rates. In addition, substantially all of our net asset exposure to foreign currencies has been hedged with foreign currency forward contracts as of December 31, 2022. 
 The following tables outline our assets and liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency (amounts in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 EUR GBP All Other (2) 
 Foreign currency assets 2,825,694 2,827,531 2,138,380 Foreign currency liabilities (2,080,867) (2,120,269) (1,614,464) Foreign currency contracts notional (722,311) (690,912) (515,512) Net exposure to exchange rate fluctuations 22,516 16,350 8,404 Net exposure to exchange rate fluctuations in USD (1) 
 24,102 19,756 8,404 

(1) Represents the U.S. Dollar equivalent as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Includes Swedish Krona, Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Swiss Franc, and Danish Krone currencies. 

December 31, 2021 EUR GBP All Other (4) 
 Foreign currency assets (1)(2) 
 2,845,833 1,789,220 1,168,242 Foreign currency liabilities (1) 
 (2,097,126) (1,293,241) (890,386) Foreign currency contracts notional (731,182) (489,204) (270,555) Net exposure to exchange rate fluctuations 17,525 6,775 7,301 Net exposure to exchange rate fluctuations in USD (3) 
 19,926 9,168 7,301 
 
 (1) Balances include non-consolidated senior interests of 196.8 million. 
 (2) British Pound Sterling balance includes a loan denominated in Euro, with an outstanding principal balance of 8.3 million as of December 31, 2021, that is hedged to British Pound Sterling exposure through a foreign currency forward contract. Refer to Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our foreign currency derivatives. 
 (3) Represents the U.S. Dollar equivalent as of December 31, 2021. 
 (4) Includes Swedish Krona, Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, and Swiss Franc currencies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements required by this item and the reports of the independent accountants thereon required by Item 14(a)(2) appear on pages F-2 to F-49. See accompanying Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 92 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the company s reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, and summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (a) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms and (b) include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a 15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries, or Blackstone Mortgage Trust, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Blackstone Mortgage Trust s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of its consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America generally accepted accounting principles ). 
 Blackstone Mortgage Trust s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets of the company; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the company s management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Blackstone Mortgage Trust s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this assessment, management has determined that Blackstone Mortgage Trust s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, was effective. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited Blackstone Mortgage Trust s financial statements included in this report on Form 10-K and issued its report on the effectiveness of Blackstone Mortgage Trust s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included herein. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 93 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 94 

PART III. 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the company s definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the company s definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes information, as of December 31, 2022, relating to our equity compensation plans pursuant to which shares of our class A common stock or other equity securities may be granted from time to time: 
 
 Plan category (a) 
 Number of securities 
 to be issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants, and rights 
 (b) 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants, and rights 
 (c) 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available 
 for future issuance 
 under equity compensation 
 plans (excluding securities 
 reflected in column (a)) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 410,608 (2) 
 9,210,865 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (3) 
 Total 410,608 9,210,865 
 
 (1) The number of securities remaining for future issuances consists of an aggregate 9,210,865 shares issuable under our stock incentive plan and our manager incentive plan. Awards under the plans may include restricted stock, unrestricted stock, stock options, stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, performance units, deferred share units, or other equity-based awards, as the board of directors may determine. 
 (2) Reflects deferred stock units granted to our non-employee directors. The deferred stock units are settled upon the non-employee director s separation from service with the company by delivering to the non-employee director one share of class A common stock, or the cash equivalent, for each deferred stock unit settled. As these awards have no exercise price, the weighted average exercise price in column (b) does not take these awards into account. 
 (3) All of our equity compensation plans have been approved by security holders. 
 The remaining information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the company s definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the company s definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the company s definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 95 

PART IV. 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements See the accompanying Index to Financial Statement Schedule on page F-1. (a) (2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules See the accompanying Index to Financial Statement Schedule on page F-1. (a) (3) Exhibits 

96 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 Exhibit Description 
 2.1 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated September 27, 2012, by and between Capital Trust, Inc. and Huskies Acquisition LLC (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on October 3, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 2.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 21, 2021, by and between Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (formerly known as Capital Trust, Inc.) and Huskies Acquisition LLC (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on February 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.1.a 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (filed as Exhibit 3.1.a to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 2, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.1.b 
 Certificate of Notice (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on February 27, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.1.c 
 Articles Supplementary for Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on March 3, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.1.d 
 Articles of Amendment (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on December 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.1.e 
 Articles of Amendment (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on May 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.1.f 
 Articles Supplementary (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on May 29, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.1.g 
 Articles of Amendment, dated April 13, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 13, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.1.h 
 Articles of Amendment dated June 8, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.2 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on October 21, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 4.2 
 Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2013, between Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on November 25, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference 
 4.3 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 5, 2017, between Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on May 5, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.4 
 Form of 4.375 Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.3) 
 4.5 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 27, 2018, between Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on March 27, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.6 
 Form of 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.5) 
 
 97 

4.7 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 29, 2022, between Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on March 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.8 
 Form of 5.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.7) 
 4.9 
 Indenture, dated October 5, 2021, among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., the Guarantors and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on October 5, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.10 
 Form of 3.750 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.9) 
 4.11 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2021, by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., the other grantors from time to time party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on October 5, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.12 
 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2021, by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as agent under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and notes collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on October 5, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2014, by and between Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and BXMT Advisors L.L.C. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on October 28, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.2 
 Amended and Restated Trademark License Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2017, by and between Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (f/k/a Capital Trust, Inc.) and Blackstone TM L.L.C. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on February 13, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.3 
 Assignment Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2012, by and among Huskies Acquisition LLC, Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Capital Trust, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on December 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.4 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 6, 2013, by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and BREDS/CT Advisors L.L.C. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on May 6, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.5 
 + 
 Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on June 21, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.6 
 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on February 11, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.7 
 + 
 Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 2018 Manager Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on June 21, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.8 
 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 2018 Manager Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on February 11, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 98 

10.9 
 + 
 Form of Non-Employee Restricted Stock Award Agreement of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed No. 1-14788) filed on July 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.10 
 + 
 Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on June 17, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.11 
 + 
 Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. Manager Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on June 17, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.12 
 + 
 Form of Non-Employee Restricted Stock Award Agreement of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 
 10.13 
 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 
 10.14 
 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. Manager Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 27, 2022 and incorporate herein by reference 
 10.15 
 + 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on December 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.16 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2021, among Parlex 2 Finance, LLC, Parlex 2A Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 UK Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 Eur Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 AU Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 CAD Finco, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File NO. 1-14788) filed on July 28, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.17 
 First Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2021, among Parlex 2 Finance, LLC, Parlex 2A Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 UK Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 EUR Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 AU Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 CAD Finco, LLC, Wispar 5 Finco, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on October 27, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.18 
 Second Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 24, 2021, among Parlex 2 Finance, LLC, Parlex 2A Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 UK Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 EUR Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 AU Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 CAD Finco, LLC, Wispar 5 Finco, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on February 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.19 
 Third Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2022, among Parlex 2 Finance, LLC, Parlex 2A Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 UK Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 EUR Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 AU Finco, LLC, Parlex 2 CAD Finco, LLC, Wispar 5 Finco, LLC and Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-4788) filed on July 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.20 
 Limited Guaranty, dated as of June 12, 2013, made by Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 30, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.21 
 First Amendment to Limited Guaranty, dated as of November 20, 2013, made by Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on February 17, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 99 

10.22 
 Second Amendment to Limited Guaranty, dated as of February 24, 2014, made by Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 29, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.23 
 Third Amendment to Limited Guaranty, dated as of March 31, 2017, made by Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 25, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.24 
 Fourth Amendment to Limited Guaranty, dated as of October 12, 2018, by and between Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on February 12, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.25 
 Fifth Amendment to Limited Guaranty, dated as of February 15, 2019, by and between Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 23, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.26 
 Sixth Amendment to Limited Guaranty, dated as of April 16, 2021, by and between Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 28, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.27 
 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2014, made by Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 29, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.28 
 Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of April 4, 2014, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 28, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.29 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of October 23, 2014, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 28, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.30 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of March 13, 2015, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 28, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.31 
 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of April 14, 2015, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 28, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.32 
 Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of March 11, 2016, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 26, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.33 
 Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated June 30, 2016, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 26, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.34 
 Amendment No. 6 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of March 13, 2017, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 25, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference 
 
 100 

10.35 
 Amendment No. 7 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of March 31, 2017, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 25, 2017 and incorporated herein by referenc 
 10.36 
 Amendment No. 8 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of March 13, 2018, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.37 
 Amendment No. 9 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of December 21, 2018, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.52 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 1-14788) filed on February 12, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.38 
 Amendment No. 10 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of November 13, 2019, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.39 
 Amendment No. 11 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of December 23, 2019, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.40 
 Amendment No. 12 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of March 13, 2020, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.41 
 Amendment No. 13 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of March 12, 2021, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 28, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.42 
 Amendment No. 14 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of March 11, 2022, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.43 
 Amendment No. 15 to Amended and Restated Master Repurchase and Securities Contract, dated as of June 29, 2022, between Parlex 5 Finco, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.44 
 Amended and Restated Guarantee Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2015, made by Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 28, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.45 
 Acknowledgement of Guarantor, dated as of June 30, 2016, made by Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 26, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.46 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2019, among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, Barclays Bank Plc, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Blackstone Advisory Partners LP, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 29, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 101 

10.47 
 First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 29, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.48 
 Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2020, by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 29, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.49 
 Third Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2020, by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 29, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.50 
 Fourth Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2021, by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 28, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.51 
 Fifth Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2021, by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 28, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.52 
 Sixth Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2022, by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file No. 1-14788) filed on July 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.53 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022, by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 10.54 
 Loan Guaranty, entered into as of April 23, 2019, by and among the subsidiary guarantors and other persons from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 29, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.55 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, entered into as of April 23, 2019, by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., the grantors from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 29, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.56 
 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2022, by and between Parlex 18 Finco, LLC and MUFG Bank, Ltd., New York Branch (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on April 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.57 
 
 First Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2022, by and between Parlex 18 Finco, LLC and MUFG Bank, New York Branch 
 10.58 
 Guaranty, dated as of February 11, 2022, made by Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., in favor of MUFG Bank, Ltd., New York Branch (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on October 26, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 

102 

10.59 
 Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2022, by and between Parlex 3A USD IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Parlex 3A GBP IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Parlex 3A EUR IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Parlex 3A SEK IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited as Trustee of the Parlex 2022-1 Issuer Trust, Parlex 3A FINCO, LLC, Parlex 3A UK Finco, LLC, Parlex 3A EUR Finco, LLC, Parlex 3A SEK Finco, LLC, Silver Fin Sub TC PTY LTD, Gloss Finco 1, LLC and Barclays Bank PLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on July 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 
 10.60 
 First Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2022, by and among Parlex 3A USD IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Parlex 3A GBP IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Parlex 3A EUR IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Parlex 3A SEK IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited as Trustee of the Parlex 2022-1 Issuer Trust, Parlex 3A FINCO, LLC, Barclays Bank PLC, Parlex 3A Finco, LLC, Parlex 3A UK Finco, LLC, Parlex 3A EUR Finco, LLC, Parlex 3A SEK Finco, LLC, Silver Fin Sub TC PTY LTD, and Gloss Finco 1, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-14788) filed on October 26, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.61 
 
 Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2022, by and among Parlex 3A USD IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Parlex 3A GBP IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Parlex 3A EUR IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Parlex 3A SEK IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited as Trustee of the Parlex 2022-1 Issuer Trust, Parlex 3A FINCO, LLC, Barclays Bank PLC, Parlex 3A Finco, LLC, Parlex 3A UK Finco, LLC, Parlex 3A EUR Finco, LLC, Parlex 3A SEK Finco, LLC, Silver Fin Sub TC PTY LTD, and Gloss Finco 1, LLC 
 10.62 
 Guaranty, dated as of May 31, 2021, made by Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., for the benefit of Parlex 3 USD IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Parlex 3A GBP IE Issuer Designated Activity Company, Parlex 3A EUR IE Issuer Designated Activity Company and Parlex 3A SEK IE Issuer Designated Activity Company (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file No. 1-14788) filed on July 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 
 101.INS 
 ++ 
 XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 
 101.SCH 
 ++ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL 
 ++ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB 
 ++ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE 
 ++ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF 
 ++ 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 103 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 
 + This document has been identified as a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 ++ This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or the Exchange Act. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

104 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 105 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 BLACKSTONE MORTGAGE TRUST, INC. February 8, 2023 By: /s/ Katharine A. Keenan Date Katharine A. Keenan 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 February 8, 2023 /s/ Michael B. Nash Date Michael B. Nash 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 February 8, 2023 /s/ Katharine A. Keenan Date Katharine A. Keenan 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 8, 2023 /s/ Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Date Anthony F. Marone, Jr. 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer 
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 February 8, 2023 /s/ Leonard W. Cotton Date Leonard W. Cotton, Director February 8, 2023 /s/ Thomas E. Dobrowksi Date Thomas E. Dobrowski, Director February 8, 2023 /s/ Nnenna J. Lynch Date Nnenna J. Lynch, Director February 8, 2023 /s/ Henry N. Nassau Date Henry N. Nassau, Director February 8, 2023 /s/ Gilda Perez-Alvarado Date Gilda Perez-Alvarado, Director February 8, 2023 /s/ Jonathan L. Pollack Date Jonathan L. Pollack, Director February 8, 2023 /s/ Lynne B. Sagalyn Date Lynne B. Sagalyn, Director 
 106 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 , and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 , and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 , and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 , and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 11 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 S- 1 
 
 Schedules other than those listed are omitted as they are not applicable or the required or equivalent information has been included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 New York, New York 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 F-2 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Loss CECL Reserve Adjustments to Reflect Management s Estimation of Economic Conditions Refer to Note 2 in the Financial Statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company estimates its CECL reserve primarily using the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity WARM method, which has been identified as an acceptable loss-rate method for estimating CECL reserves. The Company utilizes its own historical loan loss data supplemented with the data obtained from an external service provider. The data obtained is subject to several screening and/or judgmental adjustments that are applied in order to better align this loan-level data to the attributes of the Company s loan portfolio. 
 
 The Company s CECL reserve determined under the WARM method is further adjusted to reflect management s estimation of the current and future economic conditions that may impact the performance of the commercial real estate assets securing the Company s loans. The items considered in management s estimation include unemployment rates, interest rates and other macroeconomic factors impacting the likelihood and magnitude of potential credit losses for the Company s loans during their anticipated term. 
 
 We identified the adjustments to the CECL reserve to reflect management s estimation of the current and future economic conditions that may impact the performance of the commercial real estate assets securing the Company s loans as a critical audit matter because of the subjectivity, complexity and estimation uncertainty in such adjustments made to account for the macroeconomic factors. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate whether the adjustments determined by management reasonably and appropriately quantify macroeconomic risks associated with the Company s loan portfolio, including the need to involve our credit specialists. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures to assess the adjustments applied by management to the CECL reserve to account for current and future economic conditions included, among others: 
 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls implemented by the Company in relation to the establishment of the CECL reserve. Specifically, in relation to the adjustments made to their CECL reserve to account for current and future economic conditions, we focused our procedures on internal controls related to evaluation of macroeconomic factors and other judgments involved in the determination of such adjustments. 
 
 We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of the methods and assumptions used by management to develop the adjustments and assessed macro-economic and industry trends. 
 
 We tested the accuracy and completeness of quantitative data used by management to develop the adjustments to account for current and future economic conditions. 
 
 We utilized credit specialists to assist in the evaluation of management s CECL methodology and assumptions, including the estimation of economic conditions. 

F-3 

CECL Reserve Estimation of Fair Value of Underlying Collateral of Impaired Loans Refer to Note 2 and Note 3 in the Financial Statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company assesses the CECL reserve for impaired loans on an individual basis by comparing the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, to the book value of the respective loan. These valuations require significant judgment, which include assumptions regarding capitalization rates, discount rates, leasing, creditworthiness of major tenants, occupancy rates, availability and cost of financing, exit plan, loan sponsorship, actions of other lenders, and other factors deemed relevant by the Company. 
 
 We identified the estimation of the fair value of the underlying collateral of impaired loans as a critical audit matter because of the complexity and judgement involved in the determination of the valuation methodology and assumptions, as well as subjectivity of the unobservable inputs utilized in the valuation. Auditing the fair value of the underlying collateral for impaired loans required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the estimate of fair of the underlying collateral of impaired loans as part of estimation of the CECL reserve included, among others: 
 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over the estimation of the fair value of the collateral underlying the impaired loans, including specifically management s review of the valuation model and underlying assumptions utilized in estimating the fair value of the underlying collateral. 
 
 We tested management s assumptions through independent analysis and comparison to external sources. 
 
 We utilized our internal fair value specialists to assist in the evaluation of management s valuation methodologies and assumptions. With the assistance of our specialists, we evaluated certain of these assumptions (e.g., guideline transactions, discount rates, capitalization rates). Our internal specialist procedures included testing the underlying source information of the assumptions, as well as developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the assumptions used by management. 

/s/ 
 
 February 8, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013 

F-4 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Loans receivable Current expected credit loss reserve ) ) Loans receivable, net Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Secured debt, net Securitized debt obligations, net Asset-specific debt, net Loan participations sold, net Term loans, net Senior secured notes, net Convertible notes, net Other liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Equity Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. stockholders equity Non-controlling interests Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 

Note: The consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 include assets of consolidated variable interest entities, or VIEs, that can only be used to settle obligations of each respective VIE, and liabilities of consolidated VIEs for which creditors do not have recourse to Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, assets of the consolidated VIEs totaled billion and billion, respectively, and liabilities of the consolidated VIEs totaled billion and billion, respectively. Refer to Note 18 for additional discussion of the VIEs. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Income from loans and other investments Interest and related income Less: Interest and related expenses Income from loans and other investments, net Other expenses Management and incentive fees General and administrative expenses Total other expenses (Increase) decrease in current expected credit loss reserve ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. Net income per share of common stock basic and diluted Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized (loss) gain on foreign currency translation ) ) Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on derivative financial instruments ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (in thousands) Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Class A Common Stock Additional Paid- 
 In Capital 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 (Loss) Income 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Non-Controlling 
 Interests 
 Total 
 Equity 
 Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) ) ) Shares of class A common stock issued, net Restricted class A common stock earned Dividends reinvested Deferred directors compensation Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared on common stock and deferred stock units, per share 
 ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Shares of class A common stock issued, net Restricted class A common stock earned Dividends reinvested Deferred directors compensation Net income Other comprehensive income ) ) ) Dividends declared on common stock and deferred stock units, per share 
 ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Adoption of ASU 2020-06, See Note 2 

 ) ) ) Shares of class A common stock issued, net Restricted class A common stock earned Dividends reinvested Deferred directors compensation Net income Other comprehensive loss Dividends declared on common stock and deferred stock units, per share 
 ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Satisfaction of management and incentive fees in stock Non-cash compensation expense Amortization of deferred fees on loans and debt securities ) ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs and premiums/discounts on debt obligations Increase (decrease) in current expected credit loss reserve ) Unrealized gain on assets denominated in foreign currencies, net ) ) ) Unrealized gain on derivative financial instruments, net ) ) ) Realized (gain) loss on derivative financial instruments, net ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net Other assets ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Principal fundings of loans receivable ) ) ) Principal collections and sales proceeds from loans receivable and debt securities Origination and exit fees received on loans receivable Receipts under derivative financial instruments Payments under derivative financial instruments ) ) ) Collateral deposited under derivative agreements ) ) ) Return of collateral deposited under derivative agreements Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 continued 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-9 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities Borrowings under secured debt Repayments under secured debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of securitized debt obligations Repayment of securitized debt obligations ) ) ) Borrowings under asset-specific debt Repayments under asset-specific debt ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of loan participations Net proceeds from issuance of term loans Repayments of term loans ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of convertible notes Repayment of convertible notes ) Proceeds from issuance of senior secured notes Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of class A common stock Dividends paid on class A common stock ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year Effects of currency translation on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flows information Payments of interest ) ) ) (Payments) refunds of income taxes ) ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities Dividends declared, not paid ) ) ) Satisfaction of management and incentive fees in stock Loan principal payments held by servicer, net 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F-10 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

2. 
 of the venture s equity capital and we contributed . We consolidate the Multifamily Joint Venture as we have a controlling financial interest. The non-controlling interests included on our consolidated balance sheets represent the equity interests in our Multifamily Joint Venture that are owned by Walker Dunlop. A portion of our Multifamily Joint Venture s consolidated equity and results of operations are allocated to these non-controlling interests based on Walker Dunlop s pro rata ownership of our Multifamily Joint Venture. 
 F-11 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

restricted cash on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. This cash is maintained in segregated bank accounts, and these amounts are not included in the assets and liabilities presented in our consolidated balance sheets. Cash in these Servicing Accounts will be transferred by the respective third-party servicer to the borrower or us under the terms of the applicable loan agreement upon occurrence of certain future events. We do not generate any revenue or incur any expenses as a result of these Servicing Accounts. 

F-12 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 F-13 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

F-14 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

F-15 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million CECL reserve specifically related to of our loans receivable with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of million, net of cost-recovery proceeds. The CECL reserve was recorded based on our estimation of the fair value of the loan's underlying collateral as of December 31, 2022. These loans receivable are therefore measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis using significant unobservable inputs, and are classified as Level 3 assets in the fair value hierarchy. We estimated the fair value of these loan receivables by considering a variety of inputs including property performance, market data, and comparable sales, as applicable. The significant unobservable inputs used include the exit capitalization rate assumption used to forecast the future sale price of the underlying real estate collateral, which ranged from to , and the unlevered discount rate, which ranged from to . 
 F-16 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

F-17 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

F-18 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 million, an aggregate decrease to our accumulated deficit of million, and an aggregate increase to our convertible notes, net, of , as of January 1, 2022. 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 
 LIBOR and certain other floating rate benchmark indices to which our floating rate loans and other loan agreements are tied, including, without limitation, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, or EURIBOR, the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate, or STIBOR, the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate, or BBSY, the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, or CDOR, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight, or SARON, and the Copenhagen Interbank Offering Rate, or CIBOR, or collectively, IBORs, have been the subject of national, international and regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. As of December 31, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Association, or IBA, ceased publication of most non-USD LIBOR settings. IBA also previously announced its intention to cease publication of remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings immediately after June 30, 2023; however, in November 2022 the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates IBA, announced a public consultation regarding whether it should compel IBA to continue publishing synthetic USD LIBOR settings from June 2023 to the end of September 2024. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, or LIBOR Act, was signed into law in the U.S. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts maturing after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. Under the LIBOR Act, such contracts will automatically transition as a matter of law to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, based replacement rate identified by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or Federal Reserve. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Federal Reserve. In July 2022, the Federal Reserve issued a notice of proposed rulemaking implementing the LIBOR Act. As of December 31, 2022, no regulations have been promulgated. 
 The Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, or ARRC, a steering committee composed of large U.S. financial institutions, identified SOFR, a new index calculated using short-term repurchase agreements backed by U.S. Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for USD LIBOR. According to the ARRC, data from the cash and derivatives markets show continued momentum in the transition from LIBOR to SOFR, and SOFR is currently predominant across cash and derivatives markets. As of December 31, 2022, one-month term SOFR is utilized as the floating benchmark rate on of our loans, the financing provided on the 2020 FL3 and 2020 FL2 CLOs, one of our asset-specific financings, certain borrowings under of our credit facilities, and our B-4 Term Loan. As of December 31, 2022, one-month term SOFR was and one-month USD LIBOR was . Additionally, market participants have continued to transition from GBP LIBOR to the Sterling Overnight Index Average, or SONIA, in line with guidance from the U.K. regulators. As of December 31, 2022, daily compounded SONIA is utilized as the floating benchmark rate for all of our floating rate British Pound Sterling loans and related financings. As of December 31, 2022, of our aggregate loan principal balance has either transitioned to the applicable replacement benchmark rate, or its existing benchmark rate is not expected to be replaced, and we expect to transition the remaining in 2023. 
 At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond in the future to SOFR, SONIA, or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from USD LIBOR and GBP LIBOR proceeds. Despite the LIBOR transition in other markets, benchmark rate methodologies in Europe, Australia, Canada, Switzerland and Denmark have been reformed and rates such as EURIBOR, STIBOR, BBSY, CDOR, SARON and CIBOR may persist as International Organization of Securities Commissions, or IOSCO, compliant reference rates moving forward. However, multi-rate environments may persist in these markets as regulators and working groups have suggested market participants adopt alternative reference rates. 
 
 F-19 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 3. 
 Principal balance Net book value Unfunded loan commitments (1) 
 Weighted-average cash coupon (2) 
 + + Weighted-average all-in yield (2) 
 + + Weighted-average maximum maturity (years) (3) 

(1) Unfunded commitments will primarily be funded to finance our borrowers construction or development of real estate-related assets, capital improvements of existing assets, or lease-related expenditures. These commitments will generally be funded over the term of each loan, subject in certain cases to an expiration date. 
 (2) The weighted-average cash coupon and all-in yield are expressed as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, GBP LIBOR, EURIBOR, and other indices, as applicable to each loan. As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our loans by principal balance earned a floating rate of interest, primarily indexed to USD LIBOR and SOFR. As of December 31, 2021, of our loans by principal balance earned a floating rate of interest, primarily indexed to USD LIBOR. The other of our loans earned a fixed rate of interest. In addition to cash coupon, all-in yield includes the amortization of deferred origination and extension fees, loan origination costs, and purchase discounts, as well as the accrual of exit fees. Excludes loans accounted for under the cost-recovery method. 
 of our loans by principal balance were subject to yield maintenance or other prepayment restrictions and were open to repayment by the borrower without penalty. As of December 31, 2021, of our loans by principal balance were subject to yield maintenance or other prepayment restrictions and were open to repayment by the borrower without penalty. 
 
 0.00 or no floor 0.01 to 1.00 floor 1.01 to 1.50 floor 1.51 to 2.00 floor 2.01 or more floor Total (2) 
 
 (1) Includes Euro, British Pound Sterling, Swedish Krona, Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Swiss Franc, and Danish Krone currencies. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average index rate floor of our loan portfolio was . Excluding 0.0 index rate floors and loans with no floor, the weighted-average index rate floor was . 

F-20 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 ) Loan fundings Loan repayments and sales proceeds ) ) Principal charge-offs ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on foreign currency translation ) ) Deferred fees and other items ) ) Amortization of fees and other items Loans Receivable, as of December 31, 2021 
 ) Loan fundings Loan repayments and sales ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on foreign currency translation ) ) Deferred fees and other items ) ) Amortization of fees and other items Loans Receivable, as of December 31, 2022 
 ) CECL reserve ) Loans Receivable, net, as of December 31, 2022 

F-21 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Multifamily Hospitality Industrial Retail Other Total loans receivable CECL reserve ) Loans receivable, net Geographic Location Number of 
 Loans 
 Net 
 Book Value 
 Total Loan 
 Exposure (1) 
 Percentage of 
 Portfolio 
 United States Sunbelt Northeast West Midwest Northwest Subtotal International United Kingdom Australia Spain Ireland Sweden Canada Other Europe Subtotal Total loans receivable CECL reserve ) Loans receivable, net 
 
 (1) In certain instances, we finance our loans through the non-recourse sale of a senior loan interest that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 for further discussion. Total loan exposure encompasses the entire loan we originated and financed, including billion of such non-consolidated senior interests as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-22 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Multifamily Hospitality Industrial Retail Other Total loans receivable CECL reserve ) Loans receivable, net Geographic Location Number of 
 Loans 
 Net 
 Book Value 
 Total Loan 
 Exposure (1)(2) 
 Percentage of 
 Portfolio 
 United States Sunbelt Northeast West Midwest Northwest Subtotal International United Kingdom Spain Ireland Sweden Australia Canada Other Europe Subtotal Total loans receivable CECL reserve ) Loans receivable, net 
 
 (1) In certain instances, we finance our loans through the non-recourse sale of a senior loan interest that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 for further discussion. Total loan exposure encompasses the entire loan we originated and financed, including billion of such non-consolidated senior interests as of December 31, 2021. 
 million 2018 Single Asset Securitization. See Note 4 for details of the subordinate position we own in the 2018 Single Asset Securitization 
 
 Loan Risk Ratings 
 As further described in Note 2, we evaluate our loan portfolio on a quarterly basis. In conjunction with our quarterly loan portfolio review, we assess the risk factors of each loan, and assign a risk rating based on several factors. Factors considered in the assessment include, but are not limited to, risk of loss, current LTV, debt yield, collateral performance, structure, exit plan, and sponsorship. Loans are rated 1 (less risk) through 5 (greater risk), which ratings are defined in Note 2. 
 
 F-23 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 2 3 4 5 Total loans receivable CECL reserve ) ) Loans receivable, net 
 
 (1) In certain instances, we finance our loans through the non-recourse sale of a senior loan interest that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 for further discussion. Total loan exposure encompasses the entire loan we originated and financed, including billion and billion of such non-consolidated senior interests as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 million as of December 31, 2021. See Note 4 for details of the subordinate position we own in the 2018 Single Asset Securitization. 
 The weighted-average risk rating of our total loan exposure was as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve 
 The CECL reserve required under GAAP reflects our current estimate of potential credit losses related to the loans and debt securities included in our consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 2 for further discussion of our CECL reserve. 
 Increase in CECL reserve CECL reserve as of December 31, 2022 
 CECL reserve as of December 31, 2020 
 Decrease in CECL reserve ) ) ) ) ) Charge-offs of CECL reserve ) ) CECL reserve as of December 31, 2021 

(1) Includes Canadian loans, which have similar risk characteristics as U.S. loans. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase of million in the CECL reserve against our loans receivable portfolio, bringing our total loans receivable CECL reserve to million as of December 31, 2022. This CECL reserve reflects certain loans assessed for impairment in our portfolio, as well as macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures and market volatility. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase of million in the CECL reserve specifically related to of our loans receivable with an aggregate net book value of million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the income accrual was suspended on these loans as recovery of income and principal was doubtful. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we recorded million of interest income on these loans. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate million CECL reserve specifically related to of our loans receivable, with an aggregate net book value of million. This CECL reserve was recorded based on our estimation of the fair value of each of the loan s underlying collateral as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, we had a 
 F-24 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 million CECL reserve specifically related to of our loans receivable, with a net book value of million. income was recorded on this loan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, all borrowers were current with all contractual terms of each respective loan, including payments of interest. Refer to Note 2 for further discussion of our revenue recognition policy and CECL reserve. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into a loan modification related to an office asset in New York City, which is classified as a troubled debt restructuring under GAAP. This modification included, among other changes, a reduction in the loan's contractual interest payments, an incremental exit fee, and an extension of the loan's maturity date. This loan has an outstanding principal balance of million, with commitments to fund an additional million, at our discretion, as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, this loan was deemed impaired and we recorded an asset-specific CECL reserve against this loan. 
 Previously, we entered into loan modifications related to a multifamily asset in New York City, which were classified as troubled debt restructurings under GAAP. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, the borrower committed significant additional capital to the property and engaged new management to oversee property operations, and we reduced the loan's outstanding principal balance to million. As a result of the modification, during the three months ended December 31, 2021, we charged-off million of the million asset-specific CECL reserve we recorded on this loan, and reversed the remaining CECL reserve. As of December 31, 2022, this loan has an outstanding principal balance of million, net of cost-recovery proceeds. As of December 31, 2022, this loan was deemed impaired and we recorded an asset-specific CECL reserve against this loan. 
 Previously, we entered into a loan modification related to a hospitality asset in New York City, which is classified as a troubled debt restructuring under GAAP. As of December 31, 2022, this loan has an outstanding principal balance of million, net of cost-recovery proceeds. As of June 30, 2020 this loan was deemed impaired and we recorded an asset-specific CECL reserve against this loan. This asset-specific CECL reserve has not changed as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-25 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

2 3 4 5 Total U.S. loans Non-U.S. loans 1 2 3 4 5 Total Non-U.S. loans Unique loans 1 2 3 4 5 Total unique loans Impaired loans 1 2 3 4 5 Total impaired loans Total loans receivable 1 2 3 4 5 Total loans receivable CECL reserve ) Loans receivable, net 
 
 (1) Date loan was originated or acquired by us. Origination dates are subsequently updated to reflect material loan modifications. 
 (2) Includes Canadian loans, which have similar risk characteristics as U.S. loans. 
 
 F-26 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 2 3 4 5 Total U.S. loans Non-U.S. loans 1 2 3 4 5 Total Non-U.S. loans Unique loans 1 2 3 4 5 Total unique loans Impaired loans 1 2 3 4 5 Total impaired loans Total loans receivable 1 2 3 4 5 Total loans receivable CECL reserve ) Loans receivable, net 
 
 (1) Date loan was originated or acquired by us. Origination dates are subsequently updated to reflect material loan modifications. 
 (2) Excludes the million net book value of our held-to-maturity debt securities which represents our subordinate position we own in the 2018 Single Asset Securitization, and is included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. See Note 4 for details of the subordinate position we own in the 2018 Single Asset Securitization. 
 (3) Includes Canadian loans, which have similar risk characteristics as U.S. loans. 
 
 F-27 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million and million of loans, respectively, which are included in the loan disclosures above. Refer to Note 2 for additional discussion of our Multifamily Joint Venture. 
 
 4. 
 Collateral deposited under derivative agreements Loan portfolio payments held by servicer (1) 
 Derivative assets Accounts receivable and other assets Prepaid expenses Debt securities held-to-maturity (2) 
 CECL reserve ) Debt securities held-to-maturity, net Total 
 
 (1) Primarily represents loan principal held by our third-party loan servicer as of the balance sheet date which were remitted to us during the subsequent remittance cycle. 
 million as of December 31, 2021, with a yield to full maturity of L+10.0 and a maximum maturity date of June 9, 2025, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2018 Single Asset Securitization was liquidated upon full repayment of its collateral and all senior securities outstanding. Refer to Note 18 for additional discussion. 
 Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve 
 The CECL reserve required under GAAP reflects our current estimate of potential credit losses related to the loans and debt securities included in our consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 2 for further discussion of our CECL reserve. 
 Decrease in CECL reserve ) CECL reserve as of December 31, 2022 
 CECL reserve as of December 31, 2020 
 Decrease in CECL reserve ) CECL reserve as of December 31, 2021 

F-28 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Accrued dividends payable Accrued interest payable Secured debt repayments pending servicer remittance (1) 
 Accrued management and incentive fees payable Current expected credit loss reserve for unfunded loan commitments (2) 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities Total 
 
 (1) Represents pending transfers from our third-party loan servicer that were remitted to our banking counterparties during the subsequent remittance cycle. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve for Unfunded Loan Commitments 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had unfunded commitments of billion related to loans receivable. The expected credit losses over the contractual period of our loans is impacted by our obligation to extend further credit through our unfunded loan commitments. See Note 2 for further discussion of the CECL reserve related to our unfunded loan commitments, and Note 20 for further discussion of our unfunded loan commitments. 
 Increase in CECL reserve CECL reserve as of December 31, 2022 
 CECL reserve as of December 31, 2020 
 Decrease in CECL reserve ) ) ) ) CECL reserve as of December 31, 2021 

F-29 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 5. 
 billion of new borrowings against billion of collateral assets. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we (i) entered into new secured credit facilities providing an aggregate billion of credit capacity and (ii) we increased the size of existing secured credit facilities providing an aggregate billion of additional credit capacity. 
 Acquisition facility Total secured debt Deferred financing costs (1) 
 ) ) Net book value of secured debt 

Secured Credit Facilities 
 
 Our secured credit facilities are bilateral agreements we use to finance diversified pools of senior loan collateral with sufficient flexibility to accommodate our investment and asset management strategy. The facilities are uniformly structured to provide currency, index, and term-matched financing without capital markets based mark-to-market provisions. 
 2/21/2026 3/4/2026 - 
 GBP 4/7/2026 4/30/2026 - 
 EUR 8/12/2025 8/15/2025 - 
 Others (5) 
 7/4/2027 6/23/2027 
 Total 3/29/2026 4/2/2026 - 

(1) Represents the number of lenders with fundings advanced in each respective currency, as well as the total number of facility lenders. 
 (2) Our secured debt agreements are generally term-matched to their underlying collateral. Therefore, the weighted average maturity is generally allocated based on the maximum maturity date of the collateral loans, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. In limited instances, the maturity date of the respective secured credit facility is used. 
 (3) Represents the principal balance of the collateral assets. 
 (4) Maximum maturity assumes all extension options are exercised by the borrower, however our loans may be repaid prior to such date. 
 (5) Includes Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Danish Krone, Swedish Krona, and Swiss Franc currencies. 
 
 The availability of funding under our secured credit facilities is based on the amount of approved collateral, which collateral is proposed by us in our discretion and approved by the respective counterparty in its discretion, resulting in a mutually agreed collateral portfolio construction. Certain structural elements of our secured credit facilities, including the limitation on recourse to us and facility economics are influenced by the specific collateral portfolio construction of each facility, and therefore vary within and among the facilities. 
 
 F-30 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

+ + + + 1.51 to + 1.75 + + + + 1.76 to + 2.00 + + + + 2.01 or more + + + Total + + + 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 December 31, 2021 Spread (1) 
 New Financings (2) 
 Total 
 Borrowings 
 Wtd. Avg. 
 All-in Cost (1)(3)(4) 
 Collateral (5) 
 Wtd. Avg. 
 All-in Yield (1)(3) 
 Net Interest 
 Margin (6) 
 + 1.50 or less + + + + 1.51 to + 1.75 + + + + 1.76 to + 2.00 + + + + 2.01 or more + + + Total + + + 
 
 (1) The spread, all-in cost, and all-in yield are expressed over the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, GBP LIBOR, EURIBOR, and other indices as applicable. 
 (2) Represents borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, for new financings during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, based on the date collateral was initially pledged to each credit facility. 
 (3) In addition to spread, the cost includes the associated deferred fees and expenses related to the respective borrowings. In addition to cash coupon, all-in yield includes the amortization of deferred origination and extension fees, loan origination costs, and purchase discounts, as well as the accrual of exit fees. 
 (4) Represents the weighted-average all-in cost as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and is not necessarily indicative of the spread applicable to recent or future borrowings. 
 (5) Represents the principal balance of the collateral assets. 
 (6) Represents the difference between the weighted-average all-in yield and weighted-average all-in cost. 
 Our secured credit facilities generally permit us to increase or decrease the amount advanced against the pledged collateral in our discretion within certain maximum/minimum amounts and frequency limitations. As of December 31, 2022, there was an aggregate billion available to be drawn at our discretion under our credit facilities. 
 Acquisition Facility 
 We have a million full recourse secured credit facility that is designed to finance eligible first mortgage originations for up to nine months as a bridge to term financing without obtaining discretionary lender approval. The cost of borrowing under the facility is variable, dependent on the type of loan collateral, and its maturity date is April 4, 2023. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had borrowings under the acquisition facility and we recorded interest expense of million, including of amortization of deferred fees and expenses. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we had borrowings under the acquisition facility and we recorded interest 
 F-31 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 million, including of amortization of deferred fees and expenses. As of December 31, 2021, we had one asset pledged to our acquisition facility and there was an aggregate million available to be drawn at our discretion. 
 Financial Covenants 
 We are subject to the following financial covenants related to our secured debt: (i) our ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, or EBITDA, to fixed charges, as defined in the agreements, shall be not less than to 1.0; (ii) our tangible net worth, as defined in the agreements, shall not be less than billion as of each measurement date plus to of the net cash proceeds of future equity issuances subsequent to December 31, 2022; (iii) cash liquidity shall not be less than the greater of (x) million or (y) no more than of our recourse indebtedness; and (iv) our indebtedness shall not exceed of our total assets. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 
 6. 
 
 + May 2038 Underlying Collateral Assets + May 2025 2020 FL3 Collateralized Loan Obligation Senior CLO Securities Outstanding + November 2037 Underlying Collateral Assets + November 2024 2020 FL2 Collateralized Loan Obligation Senior CLO Securities Outstanding + February 2038 Underlying Collateral Assets + November 2024 Total Senior CLO Securities Outstanding (4) 
 + Underlying Collateral Assets + 

(1) In addition to cash coupon, all-in yield includes the amortization of deferred origination and extension fees, loan origination costs, purchase discounts, and accrual of exit fees. 
 (2) The weighted-average all-in yield and cost are expressed as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR and SOFR, as applicable to each securitized debt obligation. As of December 31, 2022, the floating benchmark rate for the financing provided on the 2020 FL3 and 2020 FL2 CLOs is one-month SOFR. As of December 31, 2022, one-month SOFR was and one-month USD LIBOR was . Excludes loans accounted for under the cost recovery method. 
 (3) Underlying Collateral Assets term represents the weighted-average final maturity of such loans, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. Repayments of securitized debt obligations are tied to timing of the related collateral loan asset repayments. The term of these obligations represents the rated final distribution date of the securitizations. 
 (4) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded million of interest expense related to our securitized debt obligations. 
 
 F-32 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 + May 2038 Underlying Collateral Assets + October 2024 2020 FL3 Collateralized Loan Obligation Senior CLO Securities Outstanding + November 2037 Underlying Collateral Assets + May 2024 2020 FL2 Collateralized Loan Obligation Senior CLO Securities Outstanding + February 2038 Underlying Collateral Assets + March 2024 Total Senior CLO Securities Outstanding (4) 
 + Underlying Collateral Assets + 

(1) In addition to cash coupon, all-in yield includes the amortization of deferred origination and extension fees, loan origination costs, purchase discounts, and accrual of exit fees. 
 (2) The weighted-average all-in yield and cost are expressed as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR and SOFR, as applicable to each securitized debt obligation. As of December 31, 2021, the floating benchmark rate for the financing provided on the 2020 FL3 and 2020 FL2 CLOs is one-month SOFR. As of December 31, 2021, one-month SOFR was and one-month USD LIBOR was . 
 (3) Underlying Collateral Assets term represents the weighted-average final maturity of such loans, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. Repayments of securitized debt obligations are tied to timing of the related collateral loan asset repayments. The term of these obligations represents the rated final distribution date of the securitizations. 
 (4) During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded million of interest expense related to our securitized debt obligations. 
 
 7. 
 + January 2026 Collateral assets + January 2026 December 31, 2021 Asset-Specific Debt Count Principal 
 Balance 
 Book Value Wtd. Avg. 
 Yield/Cost (1) 
 Wtd. Avg. 
 Term (2) 
 Financing provided + March 2025 Collateral assets + March 2025 
 
 (1) These floating rate loans and related liabilities are currency and indexed matched to the applicable benchmark rate relevant in each arrangement. In addition to cash coupon, yield/cost includes the amortization of deferred origination fees and financing costs. 
 (2) The weighted-average term is determined based on the maximum maturity of the corresponding loans, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. Our asset-specific debt is term-matched in each case to the corresponding collateral loans. 
 
 F-33 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 8. 
 + March 2027 Total Loan + March 2027 
 
 (1) This non-debt participation sold structure is inherently matched in terms of currency and interest rate. In addition to cash coupon, yield/cost includes the amortization of deferred fees and financing costs. 
 (2) The term is determined based on the maximum maturity of the loan, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. Our loan participation sold is term-matched to the corresponding collateral loan. 
 (3) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded million of interest expense related to our loan participations sold. 
 
 We did not have any loan participations sold as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 9. 
 million under our term loan facilities, or the B-4 Term Loan. The B-4 Term Loan bears interest at SOFR plus and matures in May 2029. 
 
 + + April 23, 2026 B-3 Term Loan + + April 23, 2026 B-4 Term Loan + + May 9, 2029 
 
 (1) The B-3 Term Loan and the B-4 Term Loan borrowings are subject to a floor of . The B-1 Term Loan and B-3 Term Loan are indexed to one-month USD LIBOR and the B-4 Term Loan is indexed to one-month SOFR. 
 (2) Includes issue discount and transaction expenses that are amortized through interest expense over the life of the Term Loans. 
 The Term Loans are partially amortizing, with an amount equal to per annum of the aggregate initial principal balance due in quarterly installments. The issue discount and transaction expenses on the B-1 Term Loan were million and million, respectively. The issue discount and transaction expenses of the B-3 Term Loan were million and million, respectively. The issue discount and transaction expenses of the B-4 Term Loan were million and million, respectively. These discounts and expenses will be amortized into interest expense over the life of each Term Loan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded million of interest expense related to our Term Loans, including million of amortization of deferred fees and expenses. 

F-34 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Deferred financing costs and unamortized discount ) ) Net book value 
 of our total assets. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we were in compliance with this covenant. Refer to Note 2 for additional discussion of our accounting policies for the Term Loans. 
 
 10. 
 January 15, 2027 
 
 (1) Includes transaction expenses that are amortized through interest expense over the life of the Senior Secured Notes. 
 The transaction expenses on the Senior Secured Notes were million, which will be amortized into interest expense over the life of the Senior Secured Notes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded million of interest expense related to our Senior Secured Notes, including million of amortization of deferred fees and expenses. 
 Deferred financing costs ) ) Net book value 
 The covenants under our Senior Secured Notes require us to maintain a total debt to total assets ratio, as defined in the agreements, of not greater than and, in certain circumstances, a total unencumbered assets to total unsecured indebtedness ratio, as defined in the agreements, of or greater. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 
 11. 
 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2027, or the March 2022 convertible notes. In connection with this offering, we repurchased million aggregate principal amount of our May 2017 convertible senior notes at a price of per 1,000 principal amount. We repaid the remaining million aggregate principal amount of our May 2017 convertible senior notes at maturity on May 5, 2022. 

F-35 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 March 15, 2023 March 2022 March 15, 2027 
 
 (1) Includes issuance costs that are amortized through interest expense over the life of the Convertible Notes using the effective interest method. 
 and , respectively, for the March 2018 and March 2022 convertible notes. The conversion rate represents the number of shares of class A common stock issuable per principal amount of Convertible Notes. The cumulative dividend threshold as defined in the respective March 2018 and March 2022 convertible notes supplemental indentures have not been exceeded as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other than as provided by the optional redemption provisions with respect to our March 2022 convertible notes, we may not redeem the Convertible Notes prior to maturity. The March 2022 convertible notes are convertible at the holders option into shares of our class A common stock, only under specific circumstances, prior to the close of business on December 14, 2026 at the applicable conversion rate in effect on the conversion date. Thereafter, the March 2022 convertible notes are convertible at the option of the holder at any time until the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. The March 2018 convertible notes are currently convertible at the option of the holder at any time until the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. We have elected to settle the March 2018 convertible notes in cash for any conversions that occur during the final conversion period. The last reported sale price of our class A common stock of on December 30, 2022, the last trading day in the year ended December 31, 2022, was less than the per share conversion price of the March 2018 and March 2022 convertible notes. 
 We adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, using the modified retrospective method of transition, which resulted in an aggregate decrease to our additional paid-in capital of million, an aggregate decrease to our accumulated deficit of million, and an aggregate increase to our convertible notes, net, balance of , as of January 1, 2022. Subsequent to adoption of ASU 2020-06, convertible debt proceeds, unless issued with a substantial premium or an embedded conversion feature, will no longer be allocated between debt and equity components. This reduces the issue discount and results in less non-cash interest expense in our consolidated financial statements. Additionally, ASU 2020-06 results in the reporting of diluted earnings per share for shares issuable under our convertible notes in our consolidated financial statements, if the effect is dilutive, regardless of our settlement intent. Refer to Note 2 and Note 13 for additional discussion of ASU 2020-06 and our earnings per share calculation, respectively. 
 Deferred financing costs and unamortized discount ) ) Net book value 
 Discount and issuance cost amortization Total interest expense 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 2 for additional discussion of our accounting policies for the Convertible Notes. 
 F-36 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 12. 
 kr Buy USD / Sell SEK Forward kr Buy USD / Sell EUR Forward Buy USD / Sell EUR Forward Buy USD / Sell GBP Forward Buy USD / Sell GBP Forward Buy USD / Sell AUD Forward A Buy USD / Sell AUD Forward A Buy USD / Sell DKK Forward kr. Buy USD / Sell CAD Forward C Buy USD / Sell CAD Forward C Buy USD / Sell CHF Forward CHF Buy USD / Sell CHF Forward CHF 
 
 Non-designated Hedges of Foreign Currency Risk 
 Buy GBP / Sell USD Forward Buy USD / Sell GBP Forward Buy USD / Sell GBP Forward Buy AUD / Sell USD Forward A Buy EUR / Sell USD Forward Buy USD / Sell AUD Forward A Buy USD / Sell EUR Forward Buy CHF / Sell USD Forward CHF Buy USD / Sell CHF Forward CHF Buy GBP / Sell EUR Forward 

F-37 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Non-Designated Hedges Interest Income (1) 
 ) ) ) Non-Designated Hedges Interest Expense (2) 
 ) ) Total ) 
 
 (1) Represents the forward points earned on our foreign currency forward contracts, which reflect the interest rate differentials between the applicable base rate for our foreign currency investments and prevailing US interest rates. These forward contracts effectively convert the foreign currency rate exposure for such investments to USD-equivalent interest rates. 
 
 Valuation and Other Comprehensive Income 
 Non-Designated Hedges Total Derivatives 
 
 (1) Included in other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 

F-38 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 ) Interest Expense Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate derivatives ) ) Interest Expense (2) 
 ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received net cash settlements of million on our foreign currency forward contracts. During the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, we paid net cash settlements of million and million on our foreign currency contracts. Those amounts are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) During the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we recorded total interest and related expenses of million and million, respectively, which included and , respectively, related to our cash flow hedges. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded total interest and related expenses of million, which was reduced by related to income generated by our cash flow hedges. 

Credit-Risk Related Contingent Features 
 We have entered into agreements with certain of our derivative counterparties that contain provisions where if we were to default on any of our indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, we may also be declared in default on our derivative obligations. In addition, certain of our agreements with our derivative counterparties require that we post collateral to secure net liability positions. As of December 31, 2022, we were in a net liability position with one of our counterparties and in a net asset position with our other counterparty. As of December 31, 2022 we had collateral posted of million. As of December 31, 2021, we were in a net asset position with both of our derivative counterparties and did t have any collateral posted under these derivative contracts. 
 
 13. 
 shares of stock, consisting of shares of class A common stock and shares of preferred stock. Subject to applicable NYSE listing requirements, our board of directors is authorized to cause us to issue additional shares of authorized stock without stockholder approval. In addition, to the extent not issued, currently authorized stock may be reclassified between class A common stock and preferred stock. We did t have any shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Class A Common Stock and Deferred Stock Units 
 Holders of shares of our class A common stock are entitled to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and are entitled to receive dividends authorized by our board of directors and declared by us, in all cases subject to the rights of the holders of shares of outstanding preferred stock, if any. 

F-39 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Gross / net issue price per share (4) 
 / 
 / 
 / 
 Net proceeds (5) 

(1) Represents shares issued under our at-the-market program. 
 (2) Issuance includes shares issued under our at-the-market program, with a weighted-average gross share issue price of . 
 (3) Includes shares issued to our Manager in satisfaction of the management and incentive fees accrued in the first quarter of 2020, with a share issue price of . The per share price was calculated based on the volume-weighted average price on the NYSE of our class A common stock over the five trading days following our April 29, 2020 first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. 
 (4) Represents the gross price per share issued, as well as the net proceeds per share after underwriting or sales discounts and commissions. 
 (5) Net proceeds represent proceeds received from the underwriters less applicable transaction costs. For the year ended December 31, 2020, includes million of net proceeds related to shares issued to our Manager in satisfaction of the management and incentives fees accrued in the first quarter of 2020. 
 We also issue restricted class A common stock under our stock-based incentive plans. Refer to Note 16 for additional discussion of these long-term incentive plans. In addition to our class A common stock, we also issue deferred stock units to certain members of our board of directors for services rendered. These deferred stock units are non-voting, but carry the right to receive dividends in the form of additional deferred stock units in an amount equivalent to the cash dividends paid to holders of shares of class A common stock. 
 Issuance of class A common stock (2) 
 Issuance of restricted class A common stock, net (3)(4) 
 Issuance of deferred stock units Ending balance 
 
 (1) Includes , and deferred stock units held by members of our board of directors as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Includes , , and shares issued under our dividend reinvestment program during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) Includes restricted shares issued to our board of directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 shares, shares, and shares of restricted class A common stock forfeited under our stock-based incentive plans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. See Note 16 for further discussion of our stock-based incentive plans. 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan 
 We have adopted a dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan under which we registered and reserved for issuance, in the aggregate, shares of class A common stock. Under the dividend reinvestment component of this plan, our class A common stockholders can designate all or a portion of their cash dividends to be reinvested in additional shares of class A common stock. The direct stock purchase component allows stockholders and new investors, subject to our approval, to purchase shares of class A common stock directly from us. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we issued shares, shares, and shares, respectively, of class A common stock under the 
 F-40 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 shares of class A common stock remained available for issuance under the dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan. 
 At the Market Stock Offering Program 
 As of December 31, 2022, we are party to equity distribution agreements, or ATM Agreements, pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate sales price of million of our class A common stock. Sales of class A common stock made pursuant to our ATM Agreements may be made in negotiated transactions or transactions that are deemed to be at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Actual sales depend on a variety of factors including market conditions, the trading price of our class A common stock, our capital needs, and our determination of the appropriate sources of funding to meet such needs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued and sold shares of class A common stock under ATM Agreements, generating net proceeds totaling million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued and sold shares of class A common stock under ATM Agreements, generating net proceeds totaling million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we did not issue any shares of our class A common stock under ATM Agreements. As of December 31, 2022, sales of our class A common stock with an aggregate sales price of million remained available for issuance under our ATM Agreements. 
 Dividends 
 We generally intend to distribute substantially all of our taxable income, which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP, to our stockholders each year to comply with the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code. Our dividend policy remains subject to revision at the discretion of our board of directors. All distributions will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our taxable income, our financial condition, our maintenance of REIT status, applicable law, and other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 On December 15, 2022, we declared a dividend of per share, or million in aggregate, that was paid on January 13, 2023 to stockholders of record as of December 30, 2022. 
 Percent taxable as ordinary dividends Percent taxable as capital gain dividends 
 Earnings Per Share 
 We calculate our basic and diluted earnings per share using the two-class method for all periods presented as the unvested shares of our restricted class A common stock qualify as participating securities, as defined by GAAP. These restricted shares have the same rights as our other shares of class A common stock, including participating in any dividends, and therefore have been included in our basic and diluted net income per share calculation. The shares issuable under our Convertible Notes are included in dilutive earnings per share using the if-converted method. 

F-41 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (2) 
 Per share amount, basic and diluted (2) 

(1) Represents net income attributable to Blackstone Mortgage Trust. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2022, our Convertible Notes were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share, as the impact is antidilutive. Our Convertible Notes could dilute earnings per share in future periods. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, our convertible notes were not assessed for dilution as we had the intent and ability to settle the convertible notes in cash. Refer to Note 2 and Note 11 for further discussion of ASU 2020-06 and our convertible notes, respectively. 
 
 Other Balance Sheet Items 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 As of December 31, 2022, total accumulated other comprehensive income was million, primarily representing million of net realized and unrealized gains related to changes in the fair value of derivative instruments offset by million of cumulative unrealized currency translation adjustments on assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. As of December 31, 2021, total accumulated other comprehensive income was million, primarily representing million of net realized and unrealized gains related to changes in the fair value of derivative instruments offset by million of cumulative unrealized currency translation adjustments on assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. 
 Non-Controlling Interests 
 million, of which million was owned by us, and million was allocated to non-controlling interests. As of December 31, 2021, our Multifamily Joint Venture s total equity was million, of which million was owned by us, and million was allocated to non-controlling interests. 
 
 14. 
 per annum multiplied by our outstanding equity balance, as defined in the Management Agreement. In addition, our Manager is entitled to an incentive fee in an amount equal to the product of (i) and (ii) the excess of (a) our Core Earnings (as defined in our Management Agreement) for the previous 12-month period over (b) an amount equal to per annum multiplied by our outstanding Equity, provided that our Core Earnings over the prior period is greater than . Core Earnings, as defined in our Management Agreement, is generally equal to our GAAP net income (loss), including realized gains and losses not otherwise recognized in current period GAAP net income (loss), and excluding (i) non-cash equity compensation expense, (ii) depreciation and amortization, (iii) unrealized gains (losses), (iv) net income (loss) attributable to our legacy portfolio, (v) certain non-cash items, and (vi) incentive management fees. 
 
 F-42 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 million, million, and million, respectively, of management fees payable to our manager. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we incurred million, million, and million, respectively, of incentive fees payable to our Manager. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we issued shares of class A common stock to our Manager in satisfaction of our aggregate million of management and incentive fees accrued in the first quarter of 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we had accrued management and incentive fees payable to our Manager of million and million, respectively. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Operating and other costs Subtotal (1) 
 Non-cash compensation expenses Restricted class A common stock earned Director stock-based compensation Subtotal Total general and administrative expenses 
 
 (1) During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recognized an aggregate million, , and million, respectively, of expenses related to our Multifamily Joint Venture. 
 
 15. 
 F-43 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 million, , and , respectively, primarily related to activities of our taxable REIT subsidiaries and various state and local taxes. We did not have any deferred tax assets or liabilities as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 We have net operating losses, or NOLs, generated by our predecessor business that may be carried forward and utilized in current or future periods. As a result of our issuance of shares of class A common stock in May 2013, the availability of our NOLs is generally limited to million per annum by change of control provisions promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service with respect to the ownership of Blackstone Mortgage Trust. As of December 31, 2022, we had estimated NOLs of million that will expire in 2029, unless they are utilized by us prior to expiration. We have recorded a full valuation allowance against such NOLs as it is probable that they will expire unutilized. 

16. 
 current stock incentive plans, a maximum of shares of our class A common stock may be issued to our Manager, our directors and officers, and certain employees of affiliates of our Manager. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available under our current stock incentive plans. Prior to the adoption and shareholder approval of our new stock incentive plans, we had stock-based incentive awards outstanding under stock incentive plans. In connection with the adoption of our new stock incentive plans, we consolidated all outstanding DSUs under the new plans and retired the remaining historical plans. As such, new awards may be issued under these expired plans, although our 2018 plans will continue to govern outstanding awards, other than DSUs, previously issued thereunder until such awards become vested or expire. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 These shares generally vest in installments over a period of , pursuant to the terms of the respective award agreements and the terms of our current benefit plans. The shares of restricted class A common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 will vest as follows: shares will vest in 2023; shares will vest in 2024; and will vest in 2025. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost relating to unvested share-based compensation arrangements was million based on the grant date fair value of shares granted. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years from December 31, 2022. 

F-44 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 17. 
 Liabilities Derivatives 
 Refer to Note 2 for further discussion regarding fair value measurement. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 As discussed in Note 2, GAAP requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized at fair value in the statement of financial position, for which it is practicable to estimate that value. 
 Loans receivable, net Debt securities held-to-maturity, net (1) 
 Financial liabilities Secured debt, net Securitized debt obligations, net Asset-specific debt, net Loan participations sold, net Secured term loans, net Senior secured notes, net Convertible notes, net 

Estimates of fair value for cash and cash equivalents and convertible notes are measured using observable, quoted market prices, or Level 1 inputs. Estimates of fair value for debt securities held-to-maturity, securitized debt obligations, the term loans, and the senior secured notes are measured using observable, quoted market prices, in inactive markets, or Level 2 inputs. All other fair value significant estimates are measured using unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs. See Note 2 for further discussion regarding fair value measurement of certain of our assets and liabilities. 
 
 18. 
 F-45 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Current expected credit loss reserve ) ) Loans receivable, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities Securitized debt obligations, net Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 Assets held by these VIEs are restricted and can be used only to settle obligations of the VIEs, including the subordinate interests owned by us. The liabilities of these VIEs are non-recourse to us and can only be satisfied from the assets of the VIEs. The consolidation of these VIEs results in an increase in our gross assets, liabilities, interest income and interest expense, however it does not affect our stockholders equity or net income. 
 Non-Consolidated Variable Interest Entities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the 2018 Single Asset Securitization was liquidated upon full repayment of its collateral and all senior securities outstanding. In the third quarter of 2018, we contributed a million loan to the billion 2018 Single Asset Securitization, which is a VIE, and invested in the related million subordinate position. We were not the primary beneficiary of the VIE because we did not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly affected the VIE s economic performance and, therefore, did not consolidate the 2018 Single Asset Securitization on our balance sheet. We classified the subordinate position we owned as a held-to-maturity debt security that was included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 

19. 
 term upon such date and each anniversary thereafter unless earlier terminated. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our consolidated balance sheets included million and million of accrued management and incentive fees payable to our Manager, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we paid aggregate management and incentive fees of million, million, and million, respectively, to our Manager. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we issued shares of class A common stock to our Manager in satisfaction of our aggregate million of management and incentive fees accrued in the first quarter of 2020. The per share price with respect to such issuance was calculated based on the volume-weighted average price on the NYSE of our class A common stock over the five trading days following our April 29, 2020 first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we incurred expenses of , , and million, respectively, that were paid by our Manager and will be reimbursed by us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Manager held shares of unvested restricted class A common stock, which had an aggregate grant date fair value of million, and vest in installments over from the date of issuance. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recorded non-cash expenses related to shares held by our Manager 
 F-46 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 million, million, and million, respectively. Refer to Note 16 for further details on our restricted class A common stock. 
 An affiliate of our Manager is the special servicer of the CLOs. This affiliate did not earn any special servicing fees related to the CLOs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we originated loans and loans, respectively, whereby the respective borrowers engaged an affiliate of our Manager to act as title insurance agent in connection with these transactions. We did not incur any expenses or receive any revenues as a result of these transactions. There were no similar transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we incurred , , and , respectively, of expenses for various administrative and operations services to third-party service providers that are affiliates of our Manager. 
 Affiliates of our Manager own interests in the controlling entity of BTIG, LLC. We engaged BTIG, LLC as a sales agent to sell shares of our class A common stock under our ATM Agreements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, BTIG, LLC received aggregate fees of in such capacity. The fees paid were on terms equivalent to those of other sales agents engaged to sell shares under our ATM Agreements. 
 In the second quarter of 2022, we participated in AUD billion, or , of an aggregate AUD billion senior loan that was originated by an unaffiliated third party to a borrower that is wholly-owned by Blackstone-advised investment vehicles. Another Blackstone-advised investment vehicle participated in an additional AUD billion, or , of the loan. We will forgo all non-economic rights under the loan, including voting rights, so long as we are an affiliate of the borrower. The senior loan terms were negotiated by a third-party without our involvement and our interest in the senior loan was made on such market terms. 
 In the second quarter of 2022, we co-originated million of an aggregate million senior loan to an unaffiliated third-party. A Blackstone-advised investment vehicle co-originated the additional pari passu million of the loan. 
 In the second and fourth quarters of 2022, a Blackstone-advised investment vehicle acquired an aggregate million participation, or , of the initial aggregate B-4 Term Loan as a part of a broad syndication lead-arranged by JP Morgan. Blackstone Securities Partners L.P., an affiliate of our Manager, was engaged as a book-runner for the transaction and received aggregate fees of in such capacity. Both of these transactions were on terms equivalent to those of unaffiliated parties. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, we co-originated A million of an aggregate A million senior loan to an unaffiliated third-party. A Blackstone-advised investment vehicle co-originated the additional pari passu A million of the loan. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, we issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes. The Senior Secured Notes were issued at par and have a maturity date of January 15, 2027. Blackstone Securities Partners L.P., an affiliate of our Manager, participated in the offering of the Senior Secured Notes and received compensation of in connection therewith. This transaction was on terms equivalent to those of unaffiliated parties. 
 In the third quarter of 2021, we participated in million, or , of a total million senior loan that was originated by an unaffiliated third party, which was part of a total financing that included a mezzanine loan originated by a Blackstone-advised investment vehicle. We will forgo all non-economic rights under our loan, including voting rights, so long as any Blackstone-advised investment vehicle controls the mezzanine loan. The senior loan terms, with respect to the mezzanine lender, were negotiated by a third party without our involvement and our interest in the senior loan was made on such market terms. The borrower is an unaffiliated third party. 
 In the third quarter of 2021, we acquired an aggregate million, or , of a total million senior loan to a borrower that is majority owned by a Blackstone-advised investment vehicle. We will forgo all non-economic rights under the loan, including voting rights, so long as the Blackstone-advised investment vehicle controls the borrower. The senior loan terms were negotiated by the original lender prior to our acquisition of the loan without our involvement, and we acquired the loan on such market terms. 
 F-47 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 million, or , of an aggregate million senior loan that was originated by an unaffiliated third party as part of a broadly marketed process. A Blackstone-advised investment vehicle participated in an additional million, or , of the loan. The loan proceeds were used by the borrower to repay an existing loan previously owned by us. 
 In the third and fourth quarter of 2019, we acquired million of a total billion senior loan to a borrower that is partially owned by a Blackstone-advised investment vehicle. We will forgo all non-economic rights under the loan, including voting rights, so long as the Blackstone-advised investment vehicle controls the borrower. The senior loan terms were negotiated by third parties without our involvement and our interest in the senior loan was made on such market terms. In the second quarter of 2021, we acquired an additional million interest in the senior loan from an unaffiliated lender, bringing our total interest to of the aggregate senior loan. 
 In the second quarter of 2021, we acquired an aggregate million of a total million senior loan to a borrower that is majority owned by a Blackstone-advised investment vehicle. We will forgo all non-economic rights under the loan, including voting rights, so long as the Blackstone-advised investment vehicle controls the borrower. The senior loan terms were negotiated by the original lenders prior to our acquisition of the loan without our involvement. 
 In the second quarter of 2021 and 2020, certain Blackstone-advised investment vehicles acquired an aggregate million participation, or , of the initial aggregate B-3 Term Loan as a part of a broad syndication lead-arranged by JP Morgan. Blackstone Securities Partners L.P., an affiliate of our Manager, was engaged as a book-runner for the transaction and received aggregate fees of in such capacity. Both of these transactions were on terms equivalent to those of unaffiliated parties. 
 In the first quarter of 2021, we acquired an SEK billion interest in a total SEK billion senior loan to a borrower that is wholly owned by a Blackstone-advised investment vehicle. We will forgo all non-economic rights under the loan, including voting rights, so long as we are an affiliate of the borrower. The senior loan terms were negotiated by a third party without our involvement and our interest in the senior loan was made on such market terms. 
 In the first quarter of 2021, a Blackstone-advised investment vehicle acquired an aggregate million participation, or , of the million increase to our B-1 Term Loan as a part of a broad syndication lead-arranged by JP Morgan. Blackstone Securities Partners L.P., an affiliate of our Manager, was engaged as a book-runner for the transaction and received aggregate fees of in such capacity. Both of these transactions were on terms equivalent to those of unaffiliated parties. 
 
 20. 
 billion across loans receivable, and billion of committed or identified financings for those commitments, resulting in net unfunded commitments of billion. The unfunded loan commitments comprise funding for capital expenditures and construction, leasing costs, and interest and carry costs, and their fundability varies depending on the progress of capital projects, leasing, and cash flows at the properties securing our loans. Therefore, the exact timing and amounts of such future loan fundings are uncertain and will depend on the current and future performance of the underlying collateral assets. We expect to fund our loan commitments over the remaining term of the related loans, which have a weighted-average future funding period of years. 

F-48 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total obligation 
 
 (1) Our secured debt and asset-specific debt agreements are generally term-matched to their underlying collateral. Therefore, the allocation of payments under such agreements is generally allocated based on the maximum maturity date of the collateral loans, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. In limited instances, the maturity date of the respective debt agreement is used. 
 (2) The Term Loans are partially amortizing, with an amount equal to per annum of the initial principal balance due in quarterly installments. Refer to Note 9 for further details on our term loans. 
 (3) Reflects the outstanding principal balance of Convertible Notes, excluding any potential conversion premium. Refer to Note 11 for further details on our Convertible Notes. 
 billion of consolidated securitized debt obligations, billion of non-consolidated senior interests, and million of loan participations sold, as the satisfaction of these liabilities will not require cash outlays from us. 
 Board of Directors Compensation 
 As of December 31, 2022, of the members of our board of directors, our independent directors are entitled to annual compensation of each, of which is paid in cash and is paid in the form of deferred stock units or, at their election, shares of restricted common stock. The other board members, including our chairman and our chief executive officer, are not compensated by us for their service as directors. In addition, (i) the chairs of our audit, compensation, and corporate governance committees receive additional annual cash compensation of , , and , respectively and (ii) the members of our audit and investment risk management committees receive additional annual cash compensation of and , respectively. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 F-49 

2024 I/O Borrower B Office / New York + 2025 I/O Borrower C Hospitality / Australia + 2029 I/O Senior loans less than 3 of the carrying amount of total loans Senior Mortgage Loans Office / Diversified + 
 2023 2028 
 I/O P/I Senior Mortgage Loans Multifamily / Diversified + 
 Fixed 
 2024 2028 
 I/O P/I Senior Mortgage Loans Hospitality / Diversified + 
 2023 2027 
 I/O P/I Senior Mortgage Loans Industrial / Diversified + 
 2024 2027 
 I/O P/I Senior Mortgage Loans Mixed-Use / Diversified + 
 2023 2029 
 I/O Senior Mortgage Loans Retail / Diversified + 
 2023 2027 
 I/O P/I Senior Mortgage Loans Other / Diversified + 
 2024 2026 
 I/O Total senior mortgage loans 
 
 continued 
 S-1 

2025 2028 
 I/O Total subordinate loans Total loans CECL reserve (9) 
 ) Total loans, net 
 
 (1) Includes senior mortgages and similar credit quality loans, including related contiguous subordinate loans, and pari passu participations in senior mortgage loans. 
 (2) The interest payment rates are expressed as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR, and other indices, as applicable to each loan. 
 (3) Maximum maturity date assumes all extension options are exercised. 
 (4) I/O = interest only, P/I = principal and interest. 
 (5) Represents only third party liens. 
 (6) As of December 31, 2022, there were no loans with delinquent principal or interest. 
 (7) The tax basis of the loans included above is billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 (8) Includes subordinate interests in mortgages and mezzanine loans. 
 (9) As of December 31, 2022, we had a total CECL reserve of million on our loans receivable, of which million is specifically related to of our loans receivable with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of million as of December 31, 2022. This CECL reserve reflects certain loans assessed for impairment in our portfolio, as well as macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures and market volatility. Refer to Note 3 for additional information on our CECL reserve. 
 
 S-2 

Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Schedule IV 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 
 1. 
 Additions during period: Loan fundings Amortization of fees and other items Deductions during period: Loan repayments and sales proceeds ) ) ) Principal charge-offs ) Unrealized (loss) gain on foreign currency translation ) ) Deferred fees and other items ) ) ) Balance at December 31, CECL reserve ) ) ) Net balance at December 31, 
 S-3 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following is a brief description of the securities of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (the company we, us, our and Blackstone Mortgage Trust ), registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act . This description of the terms of our stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of Maryland General Corporation Law, and the full text of our charter and bylaws. 
 General 
 Our charter provides that we may issue up to 500,000,000 shares of stock comprised of the following 
 
 400,000,000 shares of class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share and 
 
 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 Under Maryland law, our stockholders generally are not liable for our debts or obligations. The class A common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol BXMT . 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to 
 
 classify and reclassify any unissued shares of our class A common stock and preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and 
 
 amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock of any class or series that may be issued. 
 We believe that the power to (i) issue additional shares of our class A common stock or preferred stock, (ii) increase the aggregate number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have the authority to issue and (iii) classify or reclassify unissued shares of our class A common or preferred stock and thereafter to issue the classified or reclassified shares of stock, provides us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs which might arise. In addition, under Maryland law, our board of directors may authorize the amendment of our charter to effect a reverse stock split that results in a combination of shares of stock at a ratio of not more than ten shares of stock into one share of stock in any 12-month period. These actions may be taken without stockholder approval, unless stockholder approval is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. 
 
 Prior to the issuance of shares of each class or series, our board of directors is required by Maryland law and by our charter to set, subject to our charter restrictions on ownership and transfers of our stock, the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. Thus, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of shares of common stock or preferred stock with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of Blackstone Mortgage Trust that might involve a premium price for holders of our class A common stock or otherwise be in their best interests. 
 Class A Common Stock 
 Holders of our class A common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if authorized by our board of directors and declared by us out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends. They are also entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after payment of, or adequate provision for, all of our known debts and liabilities. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of any other class or series of our stock. All shares of class A common stock have equal dividend and liquidation rights. 

Subject to law, the rights of any other class or series of our stock and our charter restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, each outstanding share of class A common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. There is no cumulative voting in the election of our directors and our directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast, so the holders of a simple majority of the outstanding class A common stock, voting at a stockholders meeting at which a quorum is present, will have the power to elect all of the directors nominated for election at the meeting. Holders of our class A common stock generally have no exchange, sinking fund, redemption or appraisal rights, except the right to receive fair value in connection with certain control share acquisitions, and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities. Because holders of our class A common stock do not have preemptive rights, we may issue additional shares of stock that may reduce each stockholder s proportionate voting and financial interest in Blackstone Mortgage Trust. Rights to receive dividends on our class A common stock may be restricted by the terms of any future classified and issued shares of our stock. 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, convert to another form of entity, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a statutory share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter provides for approval of these matters by a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to authorize us to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more class or series and to fix the number of shares, dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights, liquidation preferences, sinking funds, and any other rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions applicable to each such series of preferred stock. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of making an attempt to gain control of us more difficult by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. The preferred stock, if issued, could have a preference on dividend payments that could affect our ability to make dividend distributions to the common stockholders. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 Our transfer agent and registrar is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC located in Brooklyn, New York. 
 Certain Provisions of Our Charter and Bylaws and of Maryland Law 
 REIT Qualification Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 Our charter contains restrictions on the number of shares of our stock that a person may own. No individual (including certain entities treated as individuals for this purpose) may acquire or hold, directly or indirectly through application of constructive ownership rules, in excess of 9.9 in value or number, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding stock or our outstanding class A common stock unless they receive an exemption from our board of directors. 
 Subject to certain limitations, our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt a person from, or modify, these limits, subject to such terms, conditions, representations and undertakings as it may determine. Our charter provides for, and our board of directors has granted, limited exemptions to certain persons who directly or indirectly own our stock, including directors, officers and stockholders controlled by them or trusts for the benefit of their families. 
 Our charter further prohibits any person from beneficially or constructively owning shares of our stock that would result in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of the taxable year) or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for United States federal income tax purposes and any person from transferring shares of our stock if the transfer would result in our stock being owned by fewer than 100 persons. Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire shares of our stock that may violate any of these restrictions, or who is the intended transferee of shares of our stock which are transferred to the trust, as described below, is required to give us immediate written notice, or in the case of a proposed or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written notice, and provide us, at our principal executive office, with such information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the transfer on our status as a REIT. The above restrictions will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT or that compliance with such restrictions is no longer required for us to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 2 

Any attempted transfer of our stock which, if effective, would result in violation of the above limitations, except for a transfer which results in shares being owned by fewer than 100 persons, in which case such transfer will be void and of no force and effect and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares, will cause the number of shares causing the violation, rounded to the nearest whole share, to be automatically transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries designated by us and the proposed transferee will not acquire any rights in the shares. The automatic transfer will be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the business day, as defined in our charter, prior to the date of the transfer. Shares of our stock held in the trust will be issued and outstanding shares. The proposed transferee will not benefit economically from ownership of any shares of stock held in the trust, will have no rights to dividends and no rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares of stock held in the trust. The trustee of the trust will have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares held in the trust. These rights will be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiaries. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to our discovery that shares of stock have been transferred to the trust will be paid by the recipient to the trustee upon demand. Any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid will be paid when due to the trustee. Any dividend or distribution paid to the trustee will be held in trust for the charitable beneficiaries. Subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that the shares have been transferred to the trustee, the trustee will have the authority to rescind as void any vote cast by the proposed transferee prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust and to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiaries. However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee will not have the authority to rescind and recast the vote. 
 Within 20 days of receiving notice from us that shares of our stock have been transferred to the trust, the trustee will sell the shares to a person designated by the trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the above ownership limitations. Upon the sale, the interest of the charitable beneficiaries in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee and to the charitable beneficiaries as follows. The proposed transferee will receive the lesser of (i) the price paid by the proposed transferee for the shares or, if the proposed transferee did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the trust, such as a gift, devise or other similar transaction, the market price, as defined in our charter, of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the trust and (ii) the price per share received by the trustee from the sale or other disposition of the shares. Any net sale proceeds in excess of the amount payable per share to the proposed transferee will be paid immediately to the charitable beneficiaries. If, prior to our discovery that shares of our stock have been transferred to the trust, the shares are sold by the proposed transferee, then the shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and, to the extent that the proposed transferee received an amount for the shares that exceeds the amount he or she was entitled to receive pursuant to the above, the excess shall be paid to the trustee upon demand. 
 
 In addition, shares of our stock held in the trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the trust, or, in the case of a devise or gift or similar transaction, the market price at the time of the devise or gift or similar transaction and (ii) the market price on the date we, or our designee, accept the offer. We will have the right to accept the offer until the trustee has sold the shares. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiaries in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee. 
 If the transfer to the trust as described above is not automatically effective for any reason to prevent violation of the above limitations or our failing to qualify as a REIT, then the transfer of the number of shares that otherwise cause any person to violate the above limitations will be void and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares. 
 All certificates, if any, representing shares of our stock issued in the future will bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. 
 Every owner of more than such percentage as may from time to time be established by our board of directors, or such lower percentage as required by the Internal Revenue Code or the treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, of our outstanding stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, is required to give us written notice, stating his or her name and address, the number of shares of each class and series of our stock which he or she beneficially owns and a description of the manner in which the shares are held. Each such owner shall provide us with such additional information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of its beneficial ownership on our status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the aggregate stock ownership limit. In addition, each stockholder shall, upon demand, be required to provide us with such information as we may request in good faith in order to determine our status as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 
 3 

These restrictions on ownership and transfer could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a receipt of a premium price for the class A common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of the stockholders. 
 Business Combinations 
 Under Maryland law, certain business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or any affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as 
 
 any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or 
 
 an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation. 
 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which such person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or any affiliate of an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and 
 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or the shares held by any affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors prior to the time that an interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our board of directors, in 2012, exempted any business combination involving Huskies Acquisition LLC, or Huskies Acquisition, or its present affiliates or Blackstone Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, or Blackstone, and its present and future affiliates provided, however, that Huskies Acquisition or any of its present affiliates and Blackstone and any of its present or future affiliates, may not enter into any business combination with Blackstone Mortgage Trust without the prior approval of at least a majority of the directors of our board of directors who are not affiliates or associates of Huskies Acquisition or Blackstone. As a result of the foregoing exemptions, these persons may enter into business combinations with us without compliance with the five-year prohibition, the super-majority vote requirements or the other provisions of the statute. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 Maryland law provides that a holder of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition has no voting rights with respect to such shares except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. Shares owned by the acquiror or by officers or directors of the corporation who are also employees are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power, except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy, would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third 
 
 4 

one-third or more but less than a majority or 
 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 Control shares do not include shares the acquiror is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of directors of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting and delivering an acquiring person statement as described in the Maryland General Corporation Law. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror or, if a meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved, as of the date of the meeting. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights, unless the charter or bylaws provide otherwise. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction, or to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting Huskies Acquisition, or any person or entity that was an affiliate of Huskies Acquisition as of September 27, 2012 or by Blackstone or any of its affiliates, from this statute. 
 
 Maryland Unsolicited Takeovers Act 
 The Maryland Unsolicited Takeovers Act applies to any Maryland corporation that has a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors. Pursuant to such act, the board of directors of any Maryland corporation satisfying such requirements, without obtaining stockholder approval and notwithstanding a contrary provision in its charter or bylaws, may elect to 
 
 classify the board 
 
 require a two-thirds vote for removing a director 
 
 require that a stockholder requested special meeting need be called only upon the written request of the stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting 
 
 require that the number of directors may be fixed only by a vote of the board of directors and 
 
 require that each vacancy on the board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from the removal of a director by the stockholders, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum and any director elected to fill a vacancy will hold office for the full remainder of the term. 
 The Maryland Unsolicited Takeovers Act does not limit the power of a corporation to confer on the holders of any class or series of preferred stock the right to elect one or more directors. We currently have more than three independent directors and have a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and therefore our board of directors may elect to provide for any of the foregoing provisions. As of the date hereof, our board of directors has not made any such election. However, through provisions of our charter and bylaws unrelated to the Maryland Unsolicited Takeovers Act, we (a) vest in our board the exclusive power to fix the number of directors and (b) require for a stockholder requested meeting, the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast. 
 5 

Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only 
 
 pursuant to our notice of the meeting 
 
 by or at the direction of the board of directors or 
 
 by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record at the record date set by our board of directors for purposes of determining stockholders entitled to vote up to the meeting, at the time of giving of notice and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such other business and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the bylaws. 
 With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors at a special meeting may only be made 
 
 by or at the direction of the board of directors 
 
 by a stockholder that has requested that a special meeting be called for the purpose of electing directors in compliance with our bylaws and that has supplied the information required by our bylaws about each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director or 
 
 provided that the meeting has been called in accordance with our bylaws for the purpose of electing directors, by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by our board of directors for purposes of determining stockholders entitled to vote up to the meeting, at the time of giving of notice and at the time of the special meeting and who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. 
 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (i) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (ii) active and deliberate dishonesty which is established by a final judgment and which is material to the cause of action. Our charter contains such a provision which eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 Our charter authorizes us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to obligate us to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while a director or officer of our company and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner or trustee, from and against any claim or liability to which that individual may become subject or which that individual may incur by reason of his or her service in such capacity and to pay or reimburse his or her reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while a director or officer of our company and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, trustee, member, manager or partner and who is made or are threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity from and against any claim or liability to which that individual may become subject or which that individual may incur by reason of his or her service in such capacity and to pay or reimburse his or her reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by our charter and our bylaws shall vest immediately upon an individual s election as a director or officer. Our charter and bylaws also permit us to indemnify and advance expenses to any individual who served a predecessor of the company in any of the capacities described above and any employee or agent of the company or a predecessor of the company. 
 Maryland law requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made 
 6 

or threatened to be made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Maryland law permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made or threatened to be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (i) the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (a) was committed in bad faith or (b) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (ii) the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (iii) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case a court orders indemnification and then only for expenses. In addition, Maryland law permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of (i) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (ii) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements, or the Indemnification Agreements, with each of our directors and officers, each, an Indemnitee. The Indemnification Agreements provide that we will, subject to certain limitations and exceptions, indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted under Maryland law, and advance expenses to, each Indemnitee, in connection with (among other things) the Indemnitee s capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of Blackstone Mortgage Trust. This obligation includes, subject to certain terms and conditions, indemnification for any expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), judgments, fines, penalties and settlement amounts actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding. In certain instances, we may be required to advance such expenses, in which case the Indemnitee will be obligated to reimburse us for the amounts advanced if it is later determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification for such expenses. The indemnification provided under the Indemnification Agreements is not exclusive of any other indemnity rights. 
 
 Corporate Opportunities 
 Our charter includes a provision that, among other things, subject to certain exceptions, none of Blackstone or its affiliates, our directors or any person that any of our directors control shall have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in any business opportunities, including any business opportunities in the same or similar business activities or lines of business in which we or any of our affiliates may from time to time be engaged or propose to engage, or from competing with us. 

7 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.53>
 3
 exhibit1053.htm
 EX-10.53

Document 
 Exhibit 10.53 

SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of November 4, 2022 (this Amendment ), is entered into by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Borrower ), the subsidiary guarantors party hereto, each Incremental Term B-4 Lender (as defined below) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMCB ), in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities and together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below). 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent have entered into that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of April 23, 2019 (as amended by the First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, the Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2020, the Third Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2020, the Fourth Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2021, the Fifth Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2021, and the Sixth Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2022, and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to, but not including, the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ). The Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, is referred to herein as the Amended Credit Agreement . 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement, the Lenders thereunder extended certain credit facilities to the Borrower consisting of 2019 New Term Loans, Term B-3 Loans and Term B-4 Loans (such Term B-4 Loans as defined in, and outstanding under, the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to giving effect to this Amendment, the Initial Term B-4 Loans ). 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower desires to (i) obtain Incremental Term Loans as an increase to the principal amount of the Class of Initial Term B-4 Loans pursuant to Section 2.22 of the Existing Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of 325,000,000 and having the terms set forth in this Amendment (the Incremental Term B-4 Loans and (ii) make related amendments to certain provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement, in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth below. 
 WHEREAS, each Lender that executes and delivers a signature page to this Amendment in the capacity of an Incremental Term B-4 Lender (each, in such capacity, an Incremental Term B-4 Lender shall make Incremental Term B-4 Loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount equal to its Incremental Term B-4 Loan Commitment set forth on Schedule 1 hereto on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) (such commitments, the Incremental Term B-4 Loan Commitments ). 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the incurrence of the Incremental Term B-4 Loans, the Borrower desires to amend the Existing Credit Agreement on the terms set forth in Annex A hereto, as further set forth below. 
 WHEREAS, each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. will act as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners in connection with this Amendment (in such capacities, each a Seventh Amendment Arranger ). 
 WHEREAS, this Amendment and the related extensions of credit and application of proceeds therefrom, including payment of related fees and expenses and the other transactions described in the foregoing preliminary statements are collectively referred to herein as the Seventh Amendment Transactions . 
 1 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 section 1. Incremental Term B-4 Loans Amendments . Subject only to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 below 
 (a) The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Incremental Term B-4 Lenders agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached as Annex A hereto (the Amendments ). 
 (b) Each Incremental Term B-4 Lender hereby severally agrees to make to the Borrower Incremental Term B-4 Loans on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate amount equal to such Incremental Term B-4 Lender s Incremental Term B-4 Loan Commitment, which Incremental Term B-4 Loans shall (i) constitute an increase to the principal amount of the Class of Initial Term B-4 Loans under the Amended Credit Agreement, (ii) constitute Term Loans and Term B-4 Loans for all purposes of the Amendment Credit Agreement and (iii) have the same terms as, and form one Class of Term Loans with, the Initial Term B-4 Loans, as amended hereby. 
 section 2. Representations and Warranties . 
 On the date hereof, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Incremental Term B-4 Lenders as of the date hereof that 
 (a) Each Loan Party (i) is duly organized and validly existing and (ii) is in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) under the Requirements of Law of its jurisdiction of organization, except, in the case of this clause (ii), where the where the failure of such Loan Party to be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) The execution and delivery of this Amendment, and the performance of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents (as amended and supplemented pursuant to this Amendment), are within each applicable Loan Party s corporate or other organizational power and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action of each such Loan Party. 
 (c) This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations. 
 (d) The execution and delivery of this Amendment by each Loan Party and the performance by each applicable Loan Party of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents (as amended and supplemented pursuant to this Amendment) (x) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) in connection with the Perfection Requirements or (iii) such consents, approvals, registrations, filings, or other actions the failure to obtain or make which could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (y) will not violate any (i) of such Loan Party s Organizational Documents or (ii) Requirement of Law applicable to such Loan Party which violation, in the case of this clause (y)(ii), could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (z) will not violate or result in a default under any material Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party which violation, in the case of this clause (z), could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (e) No Event of Default exists immediately prior to, or shall exist immediately after, giving effect to the Seventh Amendment Transactions. 
 2 

section 3. Conditions to Effectiveness . 
 This Amendment shall become effective on the date (the Seventh Amendment Effective Date upon which each of the following conditions is satisfied 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following 
 (i) a Borrowing Request with respect to the Incremental Term B-4 Loans 
 (ii) counterparts to this Amendment executed by the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors and each Incremental Term B-4 Lender 
 (iii) a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying satisfaction of the condition precedent set forth in Section 3(c) 
 (iv) a written opinion of (x) Ropes & Gray LLP, in its capacity as counsel for the Loan Parties and (y) Venable LLP, in its capacity as local Maryland counsel for the Borrower, each dated as of the date hereof and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Incremental Term B-4 Lenders 
 (v) (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated as of the date hereof and executed by a secretary, assistant secretary or other similarly-titled Responsible Officer thereof, which shall certify (a) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation, formation or organization of such Loan Party, as applicable, certified by the relevant authority of its jurisdiction of organization, which certificate or articles of incorporation, formation or organization of such Loan Party, as applicable, have not been amended (except as attached thereto) since the date reflected thereon (or for Loan Parties other than the Borrower, if applicable, a certification that no change has been made to such documents of such Loan Party since the Sixth Amendment Effective Date), (b) that attached thereto is a true and correct copy of the by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement of such Loan Party, as applicable, together with all amendments thereto as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date (or for Loan Parties other than the Borrower, if applicable, a certification that no change has been made to such documents of such Loan Party since the Sixth Amendment Effective Date) and such by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement are in full force and effect, (c) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the resolutions or written consent, as applicable, of its board of directors, board of managers, sole member, manager or other applicable governing body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and, in the case of the Borrower, the borrowing of the Incremental Term B-4 Loans, which resolutions or consent have not been modified, rescinded or amended (other than as attached thereto) and are in full force and effect and (d) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer, manager, director or authorized signatory executing this Amendment or any other Loan Document delivered by such Loan Party in connection therewith and (ii) a good standing (or equivalent) certificate for such Loan Party, as applicable, from the relevant authority of its jurisdiction of organization, dated as of a recent date and 
 (vi) a solvency certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit O to the Existing Credit Agreement (but with modifications to reflect the Seventh Amendment Effective Date) from the chief financial officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent responsibilities) of the Borrower dated as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and certifying as to the matters set forth therein (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Amendment to occur on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date). 
 (b) Prior to, or substantially concurrently with the funding of the Incremental Term B-4 Loans, (x) the Borrower shall have paid or caused to be paid to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Incremental Term B-4 Lender, a fee in the amount separately agreed between the Seventh Amendment Arrangers and the Borrower and (y) the Administrative Agent and the Seventh Amendment 
 3 

Arrangers shall have received (i) all fees required to be paid by the Borrower on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date as separately agreed among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the applicable Seventh Amendment Arrangers and (ii) all expenses required to be reimbursed by the Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with this Amendment for which invoices have been presented at least three Business Days prior to the Seventh Amendment Effective Date or such later date to which the Borrower may agree (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel required to be paid), in each case on or before the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, in each case, which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Incremental Term B-4 Loans. 
 (c) The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Article 3 of the Existing Credit Agreement and the representations and warranties of the applicable Loan Parties set forth in the other Loan Documents (including Section 2 above) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date provided that (A) in the case of any representation which expressly relates to a given date or period, such representation shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the respective date or for the respective period, as the case may be and (B) if any representation is qualified by or subject to a material adverse effect, material adverse change or similar term or qualification, such representation shall be true and correct in all respects. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information reasonably requested with respect to any Loan Party in writing by the Administrative Agent or any Incremental Term B-4 Lender at least seven (7) Business Days in advance of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, which documentation or other information is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 section 4. Counterparts . 
 This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single instrument. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. Electronic Signatures means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 section 5. Governing Law and Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury . 
 This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. Sections 9.10 and 9.11 of the Existing Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference mutatis mutandis . 
 section 6. Headings . 
 The headings of this Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
 section 7. Reaffirmation No Novation . 
 Each Loan Party hereby expressly acknowledges the terms of this Amendment and reaffirms, as of the date hereof, (i) the covenants and agreements contained in each Loan Document to which it is a party, including, in each case, such covenants and agreements as in effect immediately after giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) its guarantee of the Obligations 
 4 

under the Guarantee, as applicable, and its grant of Liens on the Collateral to secure the Obligations pursuant to the Collateral Documents, with all such Liens continuing in full force and effect after giving effect to this Amendment. 
 Each of the Loan Parties confirms, acknowledges and agrees that the Incremental Term B-4 Lenders are Lenders and Secured Parties for all purposes under the Loan Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, each Loan Party hereby agrees that all references to Obligations shall include the Incremental Term B-4 Loans. All obligations of the Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement shall remain obligations of the Borrower under the Amended Credit Agreement. Each of the parties hereto confirms that the amendment of the Existing Credit Agreement pursuant to this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. For the avoidance of doubt, this Amendment shall also constitute a Loan Document for all purposes under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 section 8. Effect of Amendment . 
 (a) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or the other Secured Parties under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. 
 (b) (i) Each Person executing this Amendment in its capacity as an Incremental Term B-4 Lender shall be a Lender and a Term Lender under the Amended Credit Agreement for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and shall, in each case, be bound by the provisions of the Amended Credit Agreement as a Lender holding Term Commitments and Term Loans , as applicable, and (ii) the Incremental Term B-4 Loan Commitments shall constitute Term Commitments and Additional Term Loan Commitments , and the Incremental Term B-4 Loans shall constitute Incremental Term Loans , Additional Term Loans , Term B-4 Loans and Term Loans , as applicable, for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Signature Pages Follow 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 
 BLACKSTONE MORTGAGE TRUST, INC. 
 By s Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Name Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Title Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 
 
 HUSKY FINCO, LLC 
 42-16 CLO L SELL, LLC 
 HUSKY UK FINCO, LLC 
 VICTOR HOLDINGS I, LLC 
 AMBASSADOR AUD HOLDINGS, LLC 
 345-JV PARTNERS LLC 
 HUSKY CAD FINCO, LLC 
 HUSKY EUR FINCO, LLC 
 PARLEX ONT PARTNERS GP, LLC 
 DE VERE RESORTS FINCO 2014, LLC 
 Q HOTELS FINCO 2014, LLC 
 AMBASSADOR CAD HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBASSADOR GBP HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBASSADOR EUR HOLDINGS, LLC 
 MOLTEN PARTNERS, LLC 
 345-LUX GBP PARTNERS, LLC 
 345-1 PARTNERS, LLC 
 345-LUX EUR PARTNERS, LLC 
 MAGMA FINCO 12, LLC 
 MAGMA FINCO 13, LLC 
 HUSKY AU FINCO, LLC 
 HUSKY AU-A FINCO, LLC 
 HUSKY SEK FINCO, LLC 
 345-2 PARTNERS LLC 
 AMBASSADOR SEK HOLDINGS, LLC 
 AMBASSADOR CHF HOLDINGS, LLC 
 345-3 PARTNERS, LLC 
 HUSKY CHF FINCO, LLC 
 By s Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Name Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Title Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 
 
 Signature Page to Seventh Amendment 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 
 By s Alfred Chi Name Alfred Chi Title Executive Director 

Signature Page to Seventh Amendment 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as an Incremental Term B-4 Lender 
 
 By s Alfred Chi Name Alfred Chi Title Executive Director 

Signature Page to Seventh Amendment 

Annex A to Sixth Seventh Amendment 
 
 Deal CUSIP 09259GAA1 
 2019 New Term Loan CUSIP 09259GAC7 
 Term B-3 Loan CUSIP 09259GAE9 
 Term B-4 Loan CUSIP 09259GAF0 

Schedule 1 
 Commitment Schedule 
 Incremental Term B-4 Loan Commitments 
 Incremental Term B-4 Lender Incremental Term B-4 Loan Commitment JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 325,000,000.00 Total 325,000,000.00 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of April 23, 2019 
 
 among 
 
 BLACKSTONE MORTGAGE TRUST, INC., as the Borrower, 
 
 THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO, 
 as Lenders, 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent, 
 
 and 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED, 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., and 
 BLACKSTONE ADVISORY PARTNERS LP, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.01. Defined Terms 2 
 Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 63 
 Section 1.03. Terms Generally 64 
 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP 64 
 Section 1.05. Reserved 65 
 Section 1.06. Timing of Payment of Performance 65 
 Section 1.07. Times of Day 65 
 Section 1.08. Currency Equivalents Generally 65 
 Section 1.09. Cashless Rollovers 66 
 Section 1.10. Certain Calculations and Tests 67 
 Section 1.11. Interest Rates Benchmark Notification 70 
 ARTICLE 2 THE CREDITS 
 Section 2.01. Commitments 71 
 Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 72 
 Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 73 
 Section 2.04. Reserved 74 
 Section 2.05. Reserved 74 
 Section 2.06. Reserved 74 
 Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 74 
 Section 2.08. Type Interest Elections 74 
 Section 2.09. Termination of Commitments 75 
 Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 76 
 -i- 

Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 77 
 Section 2.12. Fees 81 
 Section 2.13. Interest 82 
 Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 83 
 Section 2.15. Increased Costs 85 
 Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments 86 
 Section 2.17. Taxes 86 
 Section 2.18. Payments Generally Allocation of Proceeds Sharing of Payments 90 
 Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 92 
 Section 2.20. Illegality 93 
 Section 2.21. Defaulting Lenders 94 
 Section 2.22. Incremental Facilities 95 
 Section 2.23. Extensions of Loans 98 
 ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 3.01. Organization Powers 100 
 Section 3.02. Authorization Enforceability 100 
 Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts 101 
 Section 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Effect 101 
 Section 3.05. Properties 101 
 Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters 102 
 Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws 102 
 Section 3.08. Investment Company Status 102 
 Section 3.09. Taxes 102 
 Section 3.10. ERISA 102 
 -ii- 

Section 3.11. Disclosure 103 
 Section 3.12. Solvency 103 
 Section 3.13. Subsidiaries 103 
 Section 3.14. Security Interest in Collateral 103 
 Section 3.15. Labor Disputes 104 
 Section 3.16. Federal Reserve Regulations 104 
 Section 3.17. OFAC PATRIOT ACT and FCPA 104 
 ARTICLE 4 CONDITIONS 
 Section 4.01. Closing Date 105 
 ARTICLE 5 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Reports 107 
 Section 5.02. Existence 110 
 Section 5.03. Payment of Taxes 110 
 Section 5.04. Maintenance of Properties 110 
 Section 5.05. Insurance 110 
 Section 5.06. Inspections 111 
 Section 5.07. Maintenance of Book and Records 111 
 Section 5.08. Compliance with Laws 111 
 Section 5.09. Environmental 112 
 Section 5.10. Designation of Subsidiaries 112 
 Section 5.11. Use of Proceeds 113 
 Section 5.12. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security 113 
 Section 5.13. Maintenance of Ratings 115 
 -iii- 

Section 5.14. Further Assurances 115 
 ARTICLE 6 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 6.01. Indebtedness 116 
 Section 6.02. Liens 121 
 Section 6.03. Reserved 126 
 Section 6.04. Restricted Payments Restricted Debt Payments 126 
 Section 6.05. Burdensome Agreements 129 
 Section 6.06. Investments 130 
 Section 6.07. Fundamental Changes Disposition of Assets 134 
 Section 6.08. Reserved 137 
 Section 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates 137 
 Section 6.10. Conduct of Business 140 
 Section 6.11. Reserved 140 
 Section 6.12. Fiscal Year 140 
 Section 6.13. Financial Covenant 140 
 ARTICLE 7 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Section 7.01. Events of Default 141 
 ARTICLE 8 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 ARTICLE 9 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 9.01. Notices 152 
 Section 9.02. Waivers Amendments 154 
 -iv- 

Section 9.03. Expenses Indemnity 159 
 Section 9.04. Waiver of Claim 161 
 Section 9.05. Successors and Assigns 161 
 Section 9.06. Survival 169 
 Section 9.07. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness 169 
 Section 9.08. Severability 170 
 Section 9.09. Right of Setoff 170 
 Section 9.10. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 170 
 Section 9.11. Waiver of Jury Trial 171 
 Section 9.12. Headings 171 
 Section 9.13. Confidentiality 171 
 Section 9.14. No Fiduciary Duty 173 
 Section 9.15. Several Obligations 174 
 Section 9.16. USA PATRIOT Act 174 
 Section 9.17. Disclosure of Agent Conflicts 174 
 Section 9.18. Appointment for Perfection 174 
 Section 9.19. Interest Rate Limitation 174 
 Section 9.20. Conflicts 174 
 Section 9.21. Release of Guarantors 174 
 Section 9.22. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 175 
 Section 9.23. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 175 
 
 -v- 

SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 1.01(a) Commitment Schedule 
 Schedule 1.01(b) Dutch Auction 
 Schedule 1.01(c) Mortgages 
 Schedule 3.05 Fee Owned Real Estate Assets 
 Schedule 3.13 Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 5.10 Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness 
 Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens 
 Schedule 6.06 Existing Investments 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A-1 Form of Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit A-2 Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request 
 Exhibit C-1 Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement 
 Exhibit C-2 Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplement 
 Exhibit D Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit E Form of First Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
 Exhibit F Form of Intercompany Note 
 Exhibit G Form of Intercreditor Agreement 
 Exhibit H Form of Interest Election Request 
 Exhibit I Form of Guaranty Agreement 
 Exhibit J Form of Perfection Certificate 
 Exhibit K Form of Perfection Certificate Supplement 
 Exhibit L Form of Promissory Note 
 Exhibit M Form of Pledge and Security Agreement 
 Exhibit N-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit N-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit N-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit N-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit O Form of Solvency Certificate 
 -vi- 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of April 23, 2019 (this Agreement ), by and among Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders from time to time party hereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMCB ), in its capacities as administrative agent for the Lenders and collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacities and together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. On the Closing Date, the Borrower requested that the Initial Term Lenders extend credit in the form of Initial Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to 500,000,000. 
 B. The Lenders were willing to extend such credit to the Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 C. The 2019 Replacement Term Lenders (as defined below) were willing to extend to the Borrower the 2019 Replacement Term Loans (as defined below) on the First Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to 498,750,000 upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the First Amendment (as defined below). The proceeds of the 2019 Replacement Term Loans were used on the First Amendment Effective Date to refinance all of the Initial Term Loans outstanding on the First Amendment Effective Date. 
 D. The 2019 Incremental Term Lenders (as defined below) were willing to extend to the Borrower the 2019 Incremental Term Loans (as defined below) on the First Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to 250,000,000 upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the First Amendment. 
 E. The Initial Term B-2 Lenders (as defined below) were willing to extend to the Borrower the Initial Term B-2 Loans (as defined below) on the Second Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to 250,000,000 upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Second Amendment. 
 F. The Additional Term B-2 Lenders (as defined below) were willing to extend to the Borrower the Additional Term B-2 Loans (as defined below) on the Third Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to 75,000,000 upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Third Amendment. 
 G. The Additional 2019 Incremental Term Lenders (as defined below) were willing to extend to the Borrower the Additional 2019 New Term Loans (as defined below) on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to 200,000,000 upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Fourth Amendment. 
 H. The Replacement Term B-3 Lenders (as defined below) were willing to extend to the Borrower the Replacement Term B-3 Loans (as defined below) on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) in an aggregate principal amount equal to 322,562,500 upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Fifth Amendment (as defined below). The proceeds of the Replacement Term B-3 Loans were used on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date to refinance all of the Term B-2 Loans outstanding on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date. 
 I. The Incremental Term B-3 Lenders (as defined below) were willing to extend to the Borrower the Incremental Term B-3 Loans (as defined below) on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to 100,000,000 upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Fifth Amendment. 
 J. The Term B-4 Lenders (as defined below) are were willing to extend to the Borrower the Initial Term B-4 Loans (as defined below) on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date (as 

defined below) in an aggregate principal amount equal to 500,000,000 upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sixth Amendment. 
 K. The Incremental Term B-4 Lenders (as defined below) are willing to extend to the Borrower the Incremental Term B-4 Loans (as defined below) on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to 325,000,000 upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Seventh Amendment. 
 Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 2019 Incremental Term Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment. 
 2019 Incremental Term Loan Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment. 
 2019 Incremental Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment. 
 2019 New Term Loans means the 2019 Replacement Term Loans, the 2019 Incremental Term Loans and, from and after the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Additional 2019 New Term Loans provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the 2019 Replacement Term Loans, the 2019 Incremental Term Loans and the Additional 2019 New Term Loans shall be treated as a single Class of 2019 New Term Loans under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 2019 Replacement Term Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment. 
 2019 Replacement Term Loan Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment. 
 2019 Replacement Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the First Amendment. 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement means 
 (a) with respect to any Indebtedness that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu lien basis with the 2019 New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans and the Term B-4 Loans, an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit E , with any immaterial changes (as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) thereto as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may agree in their respective reasonable discretion 
 (b) with respect to any Indebtedness that is secured by the Collateral on a junior lien basis to the 2019 New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans and the Term B-4 Loans, an intercreditor agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit G , with any immaterial changes (as are reasonably acceptable to the 
 2 

Administrative Agent and the Borrower) thereto as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may agree in their respective reasonable discretion or 
 (c) with respect to any Indebtedness (including Indebtedness secured on a pari passu or junior basis to the 2019 New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans and the Term B-4 Loans), any other intercreditor or subordination agreement or arrangement (which may take the form of a waterfall or similar provision), as applicable, the terms of which are (i) consistent with market terms (as determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in good faith) governing arrangements for the sharing and or subordination of Liens and or arrangements relating to the distribution of payments, as applicable, at the time the relevant intercreditor agreement is proposed to be established in light of the type of Indebtedness subject thereto and or (ii) reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 ACH means automated clearing house arrangements. 
 Additional 2019 Incremental Term Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fourth Amendment. 
 Additional 2019 Incremental Term Loan Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fourth Amendment. 
 Additional 2019 New Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fourth Amendment. 
 Additional Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Article 8 . 
 Additional Commitment means any commitment hereunder added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) . 
 Additional Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(b) . 
 Additional Term B-2 Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment. 
 Additional Term B-2 Loan Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment. 
 Additional Term B-2 Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment. 
 Additional Term Lender means any Lender with an Additional Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Additional Term Loan. 
 Additional Term Loan Commitment means any term commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) . 
 Additional Term Loans means any term loan added pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) . 
 Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Administrative Questionnaire has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(d) . 
 3 

Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) at law, in equity or in arbitration, or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign (including any Environmental Claim), whether pending or, to the knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened in writing, against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any property of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with, that Person. No Person shall be an Affiliate of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof solely because it is an unrelated portfolio company of the Sponsor (except for purposes of Section 6.09 and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, any First Amendment Arranger (as defined in the First Amendment), any Second Amendment Arranger (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, any Fourth Amendment Arranger, any Fifth Amendment Arranger, any Sixth Amendment Arranger, any Seventh Amendment Arranger any Lender (other than any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate) or any of their respective Affiliates shall be considered an Affiliate of the Borrower or any subsidiary thereof. 
 Affiliated Lender means the Sponsor and any Affiliate of the Sponsor (other than any Debt Fund Affiliate, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries). 
 Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Affiliated Lender (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.05 and accepted by the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit A-1 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Affiliated Lender Cap has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(g)(iv) . 
 Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, 
 (i) with respect to the 2019 New Term Loans and the Term B-3 Loans, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50 , (b) the Published LIBO Rate (which rate shall be calculated based upon an Interest Period of one month and shall be determined on a daily basis and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Published LIBO Rate for any day shall be based on the rate determined on such day at 11 00 a.m. (London time)) plus 1.00 or (c) the Prime Rate and 
 (ii) with respect to the Term B-4 Loans, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50 , (b) the Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1.00 provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology), or (c) the Prime Rate 
 provided that in no event shall the Alternate Base Rate be less than 1.00 or, in the case of the Term B-2 Loans, less than 2.00 , or, in the case of the Term B-3 Loans, less than 1.50 , or, in the case of the Term B-4 Loans, less than the sum of (x) the Floor for the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable, and (y) 1.00 . Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate, the Published LIBO Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, as the case may be, shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate, the Published LIBO Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, as the case may be. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14(d) (i) (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the 
 4 

Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(e) ), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (ii)(a) and (ii)(c) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (ii)(b) above. 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Term Lender of any Class, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and unused Term Commitments (if any) of such Term Lender under the applicable Class and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and unused Term Commitments (if any) of all Term Lenders under the applicable Class. 
 Applicable Rate means (a) with respect to any Initial Term Loans, for any day prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, the rate per annum equal to (i) 1.50 in the case of an ABR Loan and (ii) 2.50 in the case of a LIBO Rate Loan, (b) with respect to any 2019 New Term Loans, for any day, the rate per annum equal to (i) 1.25 in the case of an ABR Loan and (ii) 2.25 in the case of a LIBO Rate Loan, (c) with respect to any Term B-2 Loans, for any day prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the rate per annum equal to (i) 3.75 in the case of an ABR Loan and (ii) 4.75 in the case of a LIBO Rate Loan, (d) with respect to any Term B-3 Loans, for any day, the rate per annum equal to (i) 1.75 in the case of an ABR Loan and (ii) 2.75 in the case of a LIBO Rate Loan and (e) with respect to any Term B-4 Loans, for any day, the rate per annum equal to (i) 2.50 in the case of an ABR Loan and (ii) 3.50 in the case of a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan. 
 Approved Fund means, with respect to any Lender, any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities and is administered, advised or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) any Affiliate of such Lender or (c) any entity or any Affiliate of any entity that administers, advises or manages such Lender. 
 Arrangers means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Barclays Bank PLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Blackstone Advisory Partners LP, in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners for the Initial Term Loans. 
 Asset Financing Facility means any indebtedness or obligations under securitization transactions, repurchase facilities, warehouse facilities, note-on-note financings, other credit facilities and arrangements similar to any of the foregoing and any other indebtedness or obligations, in each case, secured directly or indirectly by, and incurred for the primary purpose of directly or indirectly funding the origination or acquisition of, or any Investment in, or otherwise financing, refinancing or capitalizing any previous origination or acquisition of, or Investment in, any CRE Finance Assets. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.05 ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit A-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform). 
 Available Amount means, at any time, an amount equal to, without duplication 
 (a) the sum of 
 (i) the greater of 50,000,000 and 0.35 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period plus 
 (ii) (x) 50.0 of the cumulative Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for the period, taken as one accounting period, commencing on April 1, 2019 and ending on the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter prior to incurring the applicable transaction in reliance on this clause (ii) for which internal financial statements of the Borrower are available (or, if such cumulative Consolidated Net Income shall be a deficit, minus 100 of such deficit for 
 5 

any applicable period) minus (y) the amount of Restricted Payments made in reliance on Section 6.04(a)(i) provided that amounts under this clause (ii) (A) shall in no event be less than 0 and (B) shall not be available for (x) any Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(iii)(A) unless no Event of Default exists at the time of declaration of such Restricted Payment or would result therefrom, (y) any Restricted Debt Payment pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(vi)(A) unless no Event of Default exists at the time of delivery of irrevocable notice with respect to such Restricted Debt Payment or would result therefrom or (z) any Investment pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i) unless no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) , (f) or (g) exists at the time of such Investment or would result therefrom) plus 
 (iii) the amount of any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of or the proceeds of any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock after the Closing Date (other than any amounts (x) constituting a Cure Amount, an Available Excluded Contribution Amount or a Contribution Indebtedness Amount, (y) received from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or (z) consisting of the proceeds of any loan or advance made pursuant to Section 6.06(h)(ii) received as Cash equity by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, plus the fair market value (or, solely with respect to the Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, the aggregate original principal amount thereof), as reasonably determined by the Borrower, of Cash Equivalents, marketable securities or other property or assets received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as a capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock or in return for any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock (other than any amounts (x) constituting a Cure Amount, an Available Excluded Contribution Amount or a Contribution Indebtedness Amount or (y) received from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time provided that amounts received by a Restricted Subsidiary from a Person that is not the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary has not been distributed or otherwise returned to such Person plus 
 (iv) the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness or Disqualified Capital Stock, in each case, of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary issued after the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness or such Disqualified Capital Stock issued to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), which has been converted into or exchanged for Capital Stock of the Borrower that does not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock, together with the fair market value of any Cash Equivalents and the fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) of any assets received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary upon such exchange or conversion, in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time plus 
 (v) the net proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with the Disposition to any Person (other than the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of any Investment made pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i) plus 
 (vi) to the extent not already reflected as a return of capital with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment (pursuant to the definition thereof), the proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with Cash returns, Cash profits, Cash distributions and similar Cash amounts, including Cash principal repayments and interest payments of loans, in each case received in respect of any Investment made after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i) plus 
 6 

(vii) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the amount of any Investments by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary (in an amount not to exceed the original amount of such Investment) that has been re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or is liquidated, wound up or dissolved into, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (B) the fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) of the assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that have been transferred, conveyed or otherwise distributed (in an amount not to exceed the original amount of the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i) to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time plus 
 (viii) to the extent not otherwise included in clause (ii) or clause (vi) above, the aggregate amount of any cash dividend and or other cash distribution received (or deemed to be received) by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any Unrestricted Subsidiary, limited (except to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary was made pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i) to amounts constituting a return of capital and profits plus 
 (ix) the fair market value (not to exceed par, in the case of any loans optionally prepayable at par) (or, in the case of any Indebtedness issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, the original principal amount) of any Indebtedness that has been contributed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 9.05(g)(i) (or any comparable provision under the document governing such Indebtedness, as applicable) and canceled or retired plus 
 (x) the amount of any Declined Proceeds minus 
 (b) an amount equal to the sum of (i) Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(iii)(A) , plus (ii) Restricted Debt Payments made pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(vi)(A) , plus (iii) Investments made pursuant to Section 6.06(r)(i) , in each case, after the Closing Date and prior to such time or contemporaneously therewith. 
 Available Excluded Contribution Amount means the aggregate amount of Cash or Cash Equivalents or the fair market value of other assets (as reasonably determined by the Borrower, but excluding any Cure Amount and any Contribution Indebtedness Amount) received (or deemed to be received) by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date from 
 (a) contributions in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than any amounts received from any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower), plus 
 (b) the sale of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than (x) to any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, (y) pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or (z) with the proceeds of any loan or advance made pursuant to Section 6.06(h)(ii) 
 in each case, designated as an Available Excluded Contribution Amount pursuant to a certificate of a Financial Officer on or promptly after the date on which the relevant capital contribution is made or the relevant proceeds are received, as the case may be, and which are excluded from the calculation of the Available Amount. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.14(h) . 
 7 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq .), as it has been, or may be, amended, from time to time. 
 Base Incremental Amount means (a) an amount equal to the greater of (i) 140,000,000 and (ii) 1.0 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis minus (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Facilities and or Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred or issued in reliance on the Base Incremental Amount after the First Amendment Effective Date, in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, determined after giving effect to any reclassification of such Incremental Facilities and or Incremental Equivalent Debt permitted under this Agreement. 
 Basket has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(d) . 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) Term Benchmark Loan, the Term SOFR Rate or (ii) RFR Loan, Daily Simple SOFR provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.14(e) . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 (1) Daily Simple SOFR 
 (2) the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
 8 

adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided , that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
 9 

authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clause (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark in accordance with Section 2.14(e) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark in accordance with Section 2.14(e) . 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the U.S. 
 Bona Fide Debt Fund means any bona fide debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated lending entity that is primarily engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business for financial investment purposes which is managed, sponsored or advised by any Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with (a) any Competitor or (b) any Affiliate of such Competitor, but, in each case, with respect to which no personnel involved with any investment in such Person or the management, control or operation of such Person directly or indirectly makes, has the right to make or participates with others in making any investment decisions, or otherwise causing the direction of the investment policies, with respect to such debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated entity it being understood and agreed that the term Bona Fide Debt Fund shall not include any Person that is a Disqualified Lending Institution. 
 Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement, together with any successors and assigns permitted under this Agreement. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d) . 
 Borrowing means any Loans of the same Type and Class made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of LIBO Rate Loans and Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 
 10 

Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 and substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B or such other form that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Burdensome Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.05 . 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed provided that when used in connection with a LIBO Rate Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market provided , further , that when used in connection with a Term Benchmark Loan, the term Business Day shall include any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Chicago provided , further , that, in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings of such RFR Loan, the term Business Day shall mean a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 Capital Stock means any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), including partnership interests, membership interests, profits interests and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or rights to acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Indebtedness convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing. 
 Captive Insurance Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is subject to regulation as an insurance company (or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof). 
 Cash means money, currency or a credit balance in any Deposit Account, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cash Equivalents means, as at any date of determination, (a) readily marketable securities (i) issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed or insured as to interest and principal by the U.S. government or (ii) issued by any agency or instrumentality of the U.S. the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S., in each case maturing within one year after such date and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto (b) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the U.S. or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof or by any foreign government, in each case maturing within one year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto (c) commercial paper maturing no more than one year from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) (d) deposits, money market deposits, time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances (or similar instruments) maturing within one year after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any bank organized under, or authorized to operate as a bank under, the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any political subdivision thereof and that has capital and surplus of not less than 100,000,000 and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto (e) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than 100,000,000 (f) shares of any money market mutual fund that has (i) substantially all of its assets invested in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (e) above, (ii) net assets of not less than 250,000,000 and (iii) a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moody s and (g) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law. 
 11 

The term Cash Equivalents shall also include (x) Investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (a) through (g) above of foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the parent companies thereof) have the ratings described in such clauses or equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (y) other short-term Investments utilized by Foreign Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management in Investments that are analogous to the Investments described in clauses (a) through (g) and in this paragraph. 
 Change in Law means (a) the adoption of any law, treaty, rule or regulation after the Closing Date, (b) any change in any law, treaty, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or (c) compliance by any Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b) , by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date (other than any such request, guideline or directive to comply with any law, rule or regulation that was in effect on the Closing Date). For purposes of this definition and Section 2.15 , (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case described in clauses (a) , (b) and (c) above, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Change of Control means the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), but excluding (i) any employee benefit plan and or Person acting as the trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator therefor and (ii) one or more Permitted Holders), of Capital Stock representing more than the greater of (x) 40 of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of the Borrower and (y) the percentage of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting stock of the Borrower owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially by the Permitted Holders. 
 Charge means any fee, loss, charge, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind. 
 Charged Amounts has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19 . 
 Class , when used with respect to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Initial Term Loans, 2019 New Term Loans, Term B-2 Loans, Term B-3 Loans, Term B-4 Loans or other Additional Term Loans of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) , (b) any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is an Initial Term Loan Commitment or an Additional Term Loan Commitment of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) and (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment of a particular Class. For the avoidance of doubt, x i the Term B-3 Loans shall constitute, and shall be treated as, a separate Class of Term Loans from the 2019 New Term Loans under the Loan Documents, y ii the Replacement Term B-3 Loans and the Incremental Term B-3 Loans shall constitute, and shall be treated as, forming parts of the same Class of Term Loans under the Loan Documents , (iii) the Initial Term B-4 Loans and the Incremental Term B-4 Loans shall constitute, and shall be treated as, forming parts of the same Class of Term Loans under the Loan Documents and z iv the Term B-4 Loans shall constitute, and shall be treated as, a separate Class of Term Loans from the 2019 New Term Loans and the Term B-3 Loans under the Loan Documents. 
 Closing Date means April 23, 2019, the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 were satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02 ). 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 12 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Collateral means any and all property of any Loan Party subject (or purported to be subject) to a Lien under any Collateral Document and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that is or becomes subject (or purported to be subject) to a Lien pursuant to any Collateral Document to secure the Secured Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Collateral include any Excluded Asset. 
 Collateral and Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, subject to (x) the applicable limitations set forth in this Agreement and or any other Loan Document and (y) the time periods (and extensions thereof) set forth in Section 5.12 , the requirement that 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Loan Party after the Closing Date (including by ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary) and each Discretionary Guarantor 
 (i) (A) a joinder to the Loan Guaranty in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (B) a supplement to the Security Agreement in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (C) if the respective Restricted Subsidiary required to comply with the requirements set forth in this definition pursuant to Section 5.12 owns registrations of or applications for U.S. Patents, Trademarks and or Copyrights that do not constitute Excluded Assets and are intended to constitute Collateral, an Intellectual Property Security Agreement in substantially the form attached as Exhibit C-2 hereto, (D) a completed Perfection Certificate or Perfection Certificate Supplement, as applicable, and a certificate of a type described in Section 4.01(c)(i) , (E) Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in appropriate form for filing in such jurisdictions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and (F) a joinder to the Intercompany Note, in each case duly executed by the appropriate parties 
 (ii) each item of Collateral that such Restricted Subsidiary is required to deliver under the Security Agreement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be delivered within the time periods set forth in Section 5.12(a) or the Security Agreement, as applicable) and 
 (iii) in the event a Restricted Subsidiary that is organized in a jurisdiction other than a jurisdiction in the United States becomes a Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, the Capital Stock of such Foreign Discretionary Guarantor shall be pledged (unless such Capital Stock constitutes an Excluded Asset for any reason other than solely by virtue of such Restricted Subsidiary being a Foreign Subsidiary) and such Loan Party shall grant a perfected lien on substantially all of its assets, in each case pursuant to an arrangement reasonably agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower subject to customary limitations and exclusions in such jurisdiction as reasonably agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower and 
 (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received with respect to any Material Real Estate Assets acquired after the Closing Date that do not constitute Excluded Assets, a Mortgage and any necessary UCC fixture filing in respect thereof, in each case together with, to the extent customary and appropriate (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) 
 (i) evidence that (A) counterparts of such Mortgage have been duly executed, acknowledged and delivered and such Mortgage and any corresponding UCC or equivalent fixture filing are in form suitable for filing or recording in all filing or recording offices that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary in order to create a valid and subsisting Lien on such Material Real Estate Asset in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, (B) such Mortgage and any corresponding UCC or equivalent fixture filings have been duly recorded or filed, as applicable, and (C) all filing and recording taxes and fees have been paid or otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 13 

(ii) one or more fully paid policies of title insurance (the Mortgage Policies in an amount reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (not to exceed the fair market value of the Material Real Estate Asset covered thereby (as reasonably determined by the Borrower)) issued by a nationally recognized title insurance company in the applicable jurisdiction that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, insuring the relevant Mortgage as having created a valid subsisting Lien on the real property described therein with the ranking or the priority which it is expressed to have in such Mortgage, subject only to Permitted Liens, together with such endorsements, coinsurance and reinsurance as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to the extent the same are available in the applicable jurisdiction 
 (iii) customary legal opinions of local counsel for the relevant Loan Party addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties in the jurisdiction in which such Material Real Estate Asset is located, and if applicable, in the jurisdiction of formation of the relevant Loan Party, with respect to the due authorization, execution, delivery, enforceability and validity of the lien of such Mortgage and the perfection of any related fixture filings, in each case as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and shall otherwise be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (iv) ALTA surveys, including an existing survey together with a no-change affidavit sufficient for the title insurance company to remove the standard survey exception from the Mortgage Policies and issue the survey-related endorsements and appraisals (if required under the Financial Institutions Reform Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended) provided that the Administrative Agent shall accept any such existing certificate or appraisal so long as such existing certificate or appraisal satisfies any applicable local law requirements and 
 (v) a completed life-of-loan Federal Emergency Management Agency standard flood hazard determination with respect to each Material Real Estate Asset. 
 Notwithstanding any provision of any Loan Document to the contrary, if a mortgage tax or any similar tax or charge will be owed on the entire amount of the Secured Obligations evidenced hereby, then, to the extent permitted by, and in accordance with, applicable law, the amount of such mortgage tax or any similar tax or charge shall be calculated based on the lesser of (x) the amount of the Secured Obligations allocated to the applicable Material Real Estate Assets and (y) the fair market value of the applicable Material Real Estate Assets at the time the Mortgage is entered into and determined in a manner reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent and the Borrower, which in the case of clause (y) will result in a limitation of the Secured Obligations secured by the Mortgage to such amount. 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, (i) the Security Agreement, (ii) each Mortgage, (iii) each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (iv) any supplement to any of the foregoing delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, and (v) each of the other instruments and documents pursuant to which any Loan Party grants (or purports to grant) a Lien on any Collateral as security for payment of the Secured Obligations. 
 Commercial Tort Claim has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s Initial Term Loan Commitment and Additional Commitment, as applicable, in effect as of such time. 
 Commitment Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto as Schedule 1.01(a) . 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq .). 
 Competitor has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Disqualified Institution. 
 14 

Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 Confidential Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13 . 
 Consolidated Net Income means, in respect of any period and as determined for any Person (the Subject Person on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to the sum of net income, determined in accordance with GAAP, but excluding 
 (a) (i) the income of any person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person), except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments (including any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other payment) paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash within 180 days after receipt) to the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period or (ii) the loss of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person), other than to the extent that the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has contributed Cash or Cash Equivalents to such Person in respect of such loss during such period, 
 (b) any gain or Charge attributable to any asset Disposition (including asset retirement costs and including abandonments of assets) or of returned surplus assets, in each case, outside the ordinary course of business, 
 (c) (i) any gain or Charge from (A) any extraordinary item (as determined in good faith by such Person) and or (B) any nonrecurring or unusual item (as determined in good faith by such Person) and or (ii) any Charge associated with and or payment of any actual or prospective legal settlement, fine, judgment or order, 
 (d) any net gain or Charge with respect to (i) any disposed, abandoned, divested and or discontinued asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of the Borrower, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and or termination thereof), (ii) any disposal, abandonment, divestiture and or discontinuation of any asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of the Borrower, relating to assets or properties held for sale or pending the divestiture or termination thereof) and or (iii) any facility that has been closed during such period, 
 (e) any net income or Charge (less all fees and expenses or charges related thereto) or write-off or amortization made of any deferred financing cost and or premium paid or other Charge, in each case attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness (and the termination of any associated Hedge Agreement), 
 (f) (i) any Charge incurred as a result of, in connection with or pursuant to any profits interest plan, equity incentive, stock option plan, other management equity plan, or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any pension plan (including any post-employment benefic scheme which has been agreed with the relevant pension trustee), any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, any employee benefit trust, any employment benefit scheme or any similar equity plan or agreement (including any deferred compensation arrangement) and (ii) any Charge incurred in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Capital Stock held by management of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case under this subclause (ii) , to the extent that any cash Charge is funded with net cash proceeds contributed to the relevant Person as a capital contribution or as a result of the sale or issuance of Qualified Capital Stock (other than any amount included in the calculation of the Available Amount pursuant to clause (a)(ii) of the definition thereof or any amount included in the Available Excluded Contribution Amount), 
 (g) any Charge that is established, adjusted and or incurred, as applicable, (i) within 18 months after the closing of any other acquisition, investment or asset sale that is required to be established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, as a result of such acquisition in accordance with GAAP or (ii) as a result of any change in, or the adoption or modification of, accounting principles and or policies in accordance with GAAP, 
 (h) (A) the effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the relevant Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries) in such Person s consolidated financial statements in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP (including, without limitation, in the inventory, property and equipment, leases, rights fee arrangements, software, goodwill, intangible asset, in- 
 15 

process research and development, deferred revenue, advanced billing and debt line items thereof), resulting from the application of purchase accounting in relation to any consummated acquisition or recapitalization accounting or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of Taxes, and (B) the cumulative effect of changes in, or the adoption or modification of, accounting principles or policies made in such period in accordance with GAAP which affect Consolidated Net Income (except that, if the Borrower determines in good faith that the cumulative effects thereof are not material to the interests of the Lenders, the effects of any change, adoption or modification of any such principles or policies may be included in any subsequent period after the Fiscal Quarter in which such change, adoption or modification was made), and 
 (i) (i) any realized or unrealized gain or loss in respect of (x) any obligation under any Hedge Agreement not entered into for speculative purposes as determined in accordance with GAAP and or (y) any other derivative instrument pursuant to, in the case of this clause (y) , Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification No. 815-Derivatives and Hedging, (ii) any realized or unrealized foreign currency exchange gain or loss (including any currency re-measurement of Indebtedness, any net gain or loss resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency exchange risk resulting from any intercompany Indebtedness, any foreign currency translation or transaction or any other currency-related risk) provided , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, realized gains and losses in respect of any Designated Operational FX Hedge shall be included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income. 
 Consolidated Senior Debt means, at any date of determination, the sum of (x) Consolidated Total Debt as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period minus (y) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness included in calculating Consolidated Total Debt consisting of Indebtedness of Loan Parties that is unsecured or secured only by a Lien on the Collateral ranking junior to the Liens securing the Term Facility. 
 Consolidated Total Assets means, at any date, an amount equal to the aggregate book value of all assets owned by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at such date in conformity with GAAP (excluding amounts attributable to Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries) less (in the case of each of clauses (a) (c), to the extent such amounts would otherwise be included in Consolidated Total Assets) (a) all amounts owing to the Borrower from any Affiliate thereof, or from officers, employees, partners, members, directors, shareholders of other persons similarly affiliated with the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof, (b) all intangible assets, (c) prepaid taxes and expenses, and (d) the amount of Non-Recourse Indebtedness, including pursuant to securitization transactions such as a REMIC securitization, a collateralized loan obligation transactions or other similar securitizations. 
 Consolidated Total Debt means, at any date of determination, all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries outstanding as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as applied to any Person, any provision of any Security issued by that Person or of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract, undertaking, agreement or other instrument to which that Person is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound or to which it or any of its properties is subject. 
 Contribution Indebtedness Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(r) . 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Copyright means the following (a) all copyrights, rights and interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyright whether published or unpublished, copyright registrations and copyright applications (b) all renewals of any of the foregoing (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments 
 16 

now or hereafter due and or payable under any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, damages or payments for past or future infringements for any of the foregoing (d) the right to sue for past, present, and future infringements of any of the foregoing and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 Core Earnings means, in respect of any period and as determined for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to the sum of net income, determined in accordance with GAAP, attributable to the holders of the Borrower s Capital Stock, including any realized gains and losses not otherwise included under GAAP, but excluding 
 (a) non-cash equity compensation expense, 
 (b) incentive compensation owed to the Manager pursuant to any management agreement in place from time to time between the Borrower and the Manager, 
 (c) depreciation and amortization, 
 (d) any unrealized gain or losses or other non-cash items included in net income, 
 (e) one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and certain non-cash charges or expense items, in each case, as determined by the Manager and approved by a majority of the independent directors of the Borrower, 
 (f) net income (loss) related to the CT Legacy Interests referenced in that certain Second Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2014, by and between the Borrower and BXMT Advisors L.L.C., and 
 (g) any amounts attributable to Unrestricted Subsidiaries except to the extent distributed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in Cash. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.23 . 
 CRE Finance Assets means (i) any commercial real estate loans and or direct or indirect interests therein (including, without limitation, commercial mortgage backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, mezzanine interests, senior and junior notes and participation interests with respect to any of the foregoing), (ii) any rights, assets or investments similar to or derivative of, any item referred to in the foregoing clause (i) and or the origination, acquisition, financing, servicing or administration thereof (regardless of whether or not the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries owns or originated the applicable commercial real estate loan or direct or indirect interest therein) and (iii) Capital Stock in any Person substantially all of whose assets, directly or indirectly, are comprised of one or more of the items referred to in the foregoing clauses (i) and or (ii). For the avoidance of doubt, no Real Estate Investment shall constitute a CRE Finance Asset. 
 CRE Financing shall mean any Indebtedness or obligations principally secured directly or indirectly by, and incurred for the primary purpose of directly or indirectly funding the acquisition of, or any Investment in, or otherwise financing, refinancing or capitalizing any previous acquisition of, or 
 17 

Investment in, Real Estate Investments and or interests therein (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any mezzanine financing secured by Capital Stock in Subsidiaries that directly or indirectly own Real Estate Investments). 
 Cure Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.13(b) . 
 Cure Right has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.13(b) . 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website provided that, in no event shall Daily Simple SOFR be less than the Floor. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR. 
 Debt Fund Affiliate means any Affiliate of the Sponsor (other than a natural Person, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) that is a bona fide debt fund or investment vehicle that is primarily engaged in, or advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course, in each case with respect to which the Persons making such investment decisions for such applicable Affiliate are not primarily engaged in the making, acquiring or holding of equity investments in the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, general assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the U.S. or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Declined Proceeds has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(v) . 
 Default means any event or condition which upon notice, lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that has (a) defaulted in its obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation, to make a Loan within two Business Days of the date required to be made by it hereunder, unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) notified the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in writing that it does not intend to satisfy any such obligation or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under agreements in which it commits to extend credit generally (unless such writing indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan cannot be satisfied), (c) failed, within two Business Days after the request of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent, (d) become (or any parent company thereof has become) insolvent or been determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Person or its assets, to be insolvent, or the assets or management of which has been taken over by any Governmental Authority or (e) become the subject of (i) a bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar case or proceeding or (ii) a Bail-In Action, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar 
 18 

Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, unless in the case of any Lender subject to this clause (e) , the Borrower and the Administrative Agent have each determined that such Lender intends, and has all approvals required to enable it (in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent), to continue to perform its obligations as a Lender hereunder provided that no Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Capital Stock in such Lender or its parent by any Governmental Authority provided that such action does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contract or agreement to which such Lender is a party. 
 Deposit Account means a demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, savings and loan association, credit union or like organization, other than an account evidenced by a negotiable certificate of deposit. 
 Derivative Transaction means (a) any interest-rate transaction, including any interest-rate swap, basis swap, forward rate agreement, interest rate option (including a cap, collar or floor) and any other instrument linked to interest rates that gives rise to similar credit risks (including when-issued securities and forward deposits accepted), (b) any exchange-rate transaction, including any cross-currency interest-rate swap, any forward foreign-exchange contract, any currency option and any other instrument linked to exchange rates that gives rise to similar credit risks, (c) any equity derivative transaction, including any equity-linked swap, any equity-linked option, any forward equity-linked contract and any other instrument linked to equities that gives rise to similar credit risk and (d) any commodity (including precious metal) derivative transaction, including any commodity-linked swap, any commodity-linked option, any forward commodity-linked contract and any other instrument linked to commodities that gives rise to similar credit risks provided , that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries shall be a Derivative Transaction. 
 Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) of non-Cash consideration received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any Disposition pursuant to Section 6.07(h) that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the amount of Cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to Cash or Cash Equivalents). 
 Designated Operational FX Hedge means any Hedge Agreement entered into for the purpose of hedging currency related risks in respect of the revenues, cash flows or other balance sheet items of the Borrower and or any of its Subsidiaries and designated at the time entered into (or on or prior to the Closing Date, with respect to any Hedge Agreement entered into on or prior to the Closing Date) as a Designated Operational FX Hedge by the Borrower in a writing delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 Designated Revolving Commitments means any commitments to make loans or extend credit on a revolving basis (or delayed draw basis) to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary by any Person other than the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that have been designated in a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower and delivered to the Administrative Agent as Designated Revolving Commitments until such time as the Borrower subsequently delivers a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to the effect that such commitments will no longer constitute Designated Revolving Commitments . 
 Discretionary Guarantor has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Guarantor . 
 19 

Disposition or Dispose means the sale, lease, sublease, or other disposition (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, repayments) of any property of any Person provided that all sales, leases, subleases, syndications and other dispositions of CRE Finance Assets in the ordinary course of business (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) shall not constitute a Disposition. 
 Disqualified Capital Stock means any Capital Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, on or prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such redemption is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Capital Stock), (b) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Capital Stock, in each case at any time on or prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued, (c) contains any mandatory repurchase obligation or any other repurchase obligation at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, which may come into effect prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such repurchase obligation is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Capital Stock) or (d) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in Cash on or prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued provided that any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Capital Stock is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of any change of control or any Disposition occurring prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock if such Capital Stock provides that the issuer thereof will not redeem any such Capital Stock pursuant to such provisions prior to the Termination Date. 
 Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (A) if such Capital Stock is issued for the benefit of directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (or the Manager or its Affiliates), in each case in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer thereof in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations, and (B) no Capital Stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member of management or consultant (or their respective Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) shall be considered Disqualified Capital Stock because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan, put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. 
 Disqualified Institution means 
 (a) (i) any Person identified in writing to the Arrangers on or prior to April 10, 2019, (ii) any Person thereafter identified in writing (and reasonably acceptable) to the Arrangers prior to the Closing Date, (iii) any Affiliate of any Person described in clauses (i) or (ii) above that is reasonably identifiable as an Affiliate of such Person solely on the basis of such Affiliate s name and (iv) any other Affiliate of any Person described in clauses (i) or (ii) above that is identified in a written notice to the Arrangers (if prior to the Closing Date) or the Administrative Agent as described below (if after the Closing Date) (each such person, a Disqualified Lending Institution ), and or 
 (b) (i) any Person that is or becomes a competitor of the Borrower, the Manager or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates (each such person, a Competitor and any Affiliate of any Competitor (other than any Affiliate that is a Bona Fide Debt Fund) and is identified as such in 
 20 

writing to the Arrangers (if prior to the Closing Date) or the Administrative Agent as described below (if after the Closing Date), (ii) any Affiliate of any Person described in clause (i) above (other than any Affiliate that is a Bona Fide Debt Fund) that is reasonably identifiable as an Affiliate of such Person solely on the basis of such Affiliate s name and (iii) any other Affiliate of any Person described in clause (i above that is identified in a written notice to the Arrangers (if prior to the Closing Date) or to the Administrative Agent as described below (if after the Closing Date) (it being understood and agreed that no Bona Fide Debt Fund may be designated as a Disqualified Institution pursuant to this clause (iii) 
 it being understood and agreed that (x) no written notice delivered pursuant to clauses (a)(ii) , (a)(iv) , (b)(i) and or (b)(iii) above shall apply retroactively to disqualify any Person that has previously acquired an assignment or participation interest in any Loans and (y) any designation of a Person as a Disqualified Institution permitted above shall not be effective until the third Business Day after written notice thereof by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the next succeeding paragraph. 
 Any supplement or other modification to the list of Persons identified as Disqualified Institutions permitted above shall be e-mailed to the Administrative Agent at JPMDQcontact JPMorgan.com. 
 Disqualified Lending Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Disqualified Institution. 
 Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division . 
 Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and or obligations of a Person that is a limited liability company (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement resulting in two or more Persons), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 
 Division Successor means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, on any date of determination, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount in any other currency, the equivalent in Dollars of such amount determined pursuant to Section 1.08 . 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the U.S. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary incorporated or organized under the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 Dutch Auction has the meaning assigned to such term on Schedule 1.01(b) hereto. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 21 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Yield means, as to any Indebtedness, the effective yield applicable thereto calculated by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower in a manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices, taking into account (a) interest rate margins, (b) interest rate floors (subject to the proviso set forth below), (c) any amendment to the relevant interest rate margins and interest rate floors effective subsequent to the Closing Date but prior to the applicable date of determination and (d) original issue discount and upfront or similar fees on customary terms paid by the Borrower (with upfront fees and original issue discount being equated to interest rate margins based on an assumed four-year average life to maturity or lesser remaining average life to maturity) provided that, solely for purposes of determining the Effective Yield of Replacement Term B-3 Loans in the form of Converted Term Loans (as defined in the Fifth Amendment) that were converted from Existing Term Loans (as defined in the Fifth Amendment) for purposes of Section 2.22(a)(v) , any original issue discount and upfront or similar fees paid by the Borrower with respect to the Incremental Term B-3 Loans on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date shall be deemed to have been paid with respect to the applicable Replacement Term B-3 Loans in an equivalent percentage as paid with respect to the Incremental Term B-3 Loans), but excluding (i) any prepayment premiums, arrangement, commitment, structuring, underwriting, placement, success, advisory, ticking, unused line fees, amendment and or consent fees (regardless of whether any such fees are paid to or shared in whole or in part with any lender) and (ii) any other fee that is not paid directly by the Borrower generally to all relevant lenders ratably provided , however , that (A) to the extent that the Published LIBO Rate (with an Interest Period of three months), Term SOFR Rate (with an Interest Period of three months) or Alternate Base Rate (in each case, without giving effect to any floor specified in the definition thereof) is less than any floor applicable to the Term Loans in respect of which the Effective Yield is being calculated on the date on which the Effective Yield is determined, the amount of the resulting difference will be deemed added to the interest rate margin applicable to the relevant Indebtedness for purposes of calculating the Effective Yield and (B) to the extent that the Published LIBO Rate (for a period of three months), Term SOFR Rate (with an Interest Period of three months) or Alternate Base Rate (in each case, without giving effect to any floor specified in the definition thereof) is greater than any applicable floor on the date on which the Effective Yield is determined, the floor will be disregarded in calculating the Effective Yield. 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) any Lender, (b) any commercial bank, insurance company, or finance company, financial institution, any fund that invests in loans or any other accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act), (c) any Affiliate of any Lender, (d) any Approved Fund of any Lender and (e) to the extent permitted under Section 9.05(g) , any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate provided that in any event, Eligible Assignee shall not include (i) any natural person, (ii) any Disqualified Institution or (iii) except as permitted under Section 9.05(g) , the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. 
 Environment means ambient air, indoor air, surface water, groundwater, drinking water, land surface and subsurface strata & natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna. 
 Environmental Claim means any investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (a) pursuant to or in connection with any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law (b) in connection with any Hazardous Material or any actual or alleged Hazardous Materials Activity or (c) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat or harm to the Environment. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all current or future applicable foreign or domestic, federal or state (or any subdivision of either of them), statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, judgments, Governmental Authorizations, or any other applicable requirements of Governmental Authorities and the common law relating to (a) environmental matters, including those relating to any Hazardous Materials Activity or (b) the generation, use, storage, transportation or disposal 
 22 

of or exposure to Hazardous Materials, in any manner applicable to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any Facility. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the Environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is under common control with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and is treated as a single employer within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA. 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan (b) a withdrawal by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations at any facility of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate as described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA, in each case, resulting in liability pursuant to Section 4063 of ERISA (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan resulting in the imposition of Withdrawal Liability on the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate, notification of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA or is in reorganization within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or the receipt by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate of notice of the treatment of a Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041A of ERISA or of notice of the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Multiemployer Plan (e) the occurrence of an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate, with respect to the termination of any Pension Plan or (g) the conditions for imposition of a Lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA have been met with respect to any Pension Plan. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article 7 . 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 
 Excluded Assets means each of the following 
 (a) any asset (including Capital Stock) the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would (i) be prohibited by enforceable anti-assignment or negative pledge provisions set forth in any contract that is permitted by the terms of this Agreement and is binding on such asset at the Closing Date or at the time of its acquisition and, in each case, to the extent such prohibitions are not incurred in contemplation of the Closing Date or such acquisition, as applicable (other than in the case of Finance Leases and purchase money financings), (after giving effect to applicable anti-assignment 
 23 

provisions of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law), (ii) notwithstanding anything in this clause (a) to the contrary, be prohibited by any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, in each case, that is permitted hereunder (including, without limitation, any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing existing on the Closing Date or established from time to time after the Closing Date, in each case, that is permitted hereunder) (including, without limitation, to the extent required in order to obtain, or prohibited under, the applicable Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, any Capital Stock in any Financing SPE Subsidiary and any direct or indirect parent thereof, in each case, directly owned by any Loan Party (such Capital Stock, the Financing Equity )), so long as (I) in the case of any Capital Stock in any Subsidiary that is excluded from the Collateral under this clause (a)(ii) , all of the outstanding Capital Stock in a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary is pledged as Collateral hereunder or under a Collateral Document and (II) no assets shall constitute Excluded Assets under this clause (a)(ii) other than the (x) relevant CRE Finance Assets or Real Estate Investments, as applicable, financed by such Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, as applicable, (y) any corresponding Financing Equity and (z) other assets ancillary to such CRE Finance Asset or Real Estate Investments owned by the Financing SPE Subsidiary under such Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, as applicable, (iii) violate the terms of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement and is binding on such asset at the time of its acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof (other than in the case of Finance Leases and purchase money financings) (after giving effect to applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law) or (iv) except with respect to the Capital Stock of any Loan Party or any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary, trigger termination of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted by the terms of this Agreement pursuant to any change of control or similar provision (to the extent such contract is binding on such asset at the time of its acquisition and not entered into in contemplation of such acquisition) (after giving effect to applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law) or would violate any joint venture agreement binding on such Capital Stock it being understood that the term Excluded Asset shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any contract described in this clause (a) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant prohibition, violation or termination right, 
 (b) any asset (other than Capital Stock of the Borrower or Restricted Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties) to the extent the grant or perfection of a security interest in such asset would result in material adverse tax consequences (including any adverse tax consequences due to the application of Section 956 of the Code) or materially adverse regulatory consequences, in each case, to any Loan Party as reasonably determined by the Borrower in writing and delivered to the Administrative Agent, 
 (c) the Capital Stock of any (i) Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (ii) Unrestricted Subsidiary, (iii) not-for-profit subsidiary, (iv) special purpose entity used for any permitted Qualified Securitization Financing and or (v) an Immaterial Subsidiary, in each case, except to the extent such Person is a Loan Party, 
 (d) any intent-to-use (or similar) Trademark application prior to the filing and acceptance of a Statement of Use, Amendment to Allege Use or similar filing with respect thereto, by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, only to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein may impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use (or similar) Trademark application under applicable federal Law, 
 (e) any asset (including Capital Stock), the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would (i) be prohibited under applicable Requirements of Law (including, without limitation, rules and regulations of any Governmental Authority) or (ii) require any governmental (including regulatory) or third party (other than Borrower, a Subsidiary of Borrower, the Manager, or the respective Affiliates of the foregoing) consent, approval, license or authorization (to the extent such consent, approval, license or authorization was not obtained it being understood and agreed that no Loan Party shall have any obligation to procure any such consent, approval, license or authorization) (in each case in this clause (e) , to the extent such requirement in clause (e)(ii) was not incurred in contemplation of the Closing Date or of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary (other than in the case of any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing with respect to (x) the relevant CRE Finance Assets or Real Estate Investments, as applicable, (y) any corresponding Financing Equity and (z) other assets ancillary to such CRE Finance Asset or Real Estate Investments owned by the 
 24 

Financing SPE Subsidiary under such Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, as applicable), financed by such Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, as applicable, and any corresponding Financing Equity), and after giving effect to applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law and so long as, in the case of any Capital Stock in any Subsidiary that is excluded from the Collateral under clause (e)(ii) as a result of absence of any requisite third party consent, approval, license or authorization only, all of the outstanding Capital Stock in a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary is pledged as Collateral hereunder or under a Collateral Document) it being understood that the term Excluded Asset shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in this clause (e) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant requirement or prohibition, 
 (f) (i) any leasehold interest in Real Estate Assets (including, without limitation, any ground lease), (ii) except to the extent a security interest therein can be perfected by the filing of a UCC-1 financing statement, any other leasehold interests, (iii) any owned Real Estate Asset that is not a Material Real Estate Asset, (iv) any owned Real Estate Asset that is not used by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries for operational purposes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Real Estate Asset (x) subject to a sale-leaseback, ground lease or other long-term net lease, in each case, in respect of which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is the landlord or lessor, as applicable, (y) acquired in connection with a foreclosure or other exercise of remedies under any CRE Finance Asset and or (z) which is, or is in the process of becoming, subject to any CRE Financing), in each case, so long as all of the outstanding Capital Stock in a direct or indirect parent of any Subsidiary owning such Real Estate Assets is pledged as Collateral hereunder or under a Collateral Document, and (v) any owned Real Estate Asset (including any owned Real Estate Asset that is, or is intended to become, subject to a Mortgage) located in a flood hazard area or Real Estate Assets subject to any flood insurance due diligence (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, standard flood hazard determinations), flood insurance requirements or compliance with any Flood Insurance Laws (it being agreed that (A) if it is subsequently determined that any owned Material Real Estate Asset subject to, or otherwise required to be subject to a Mortgage is or might be located in a flood hazard area, (1) such Real Estate Asset shall be deemed to constitute an Excluded Asset until a determination is made that such Real Estate Asset is not located in a flood hazard area and does not require flood insurance and (2) if there is an existing Mortgage on such property, such Mortgage shall be released if the mortgaged property is a Flood Hazard Property for so long as such Real Estate Asset constitutes Flood Hazard Property or requires flood insurance, or (B) if it cannot be determined whether such owned Real Estate Asset is a Flood Hazard Property or would require flood insurance and the time or information necessary to make such determination would (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) delay or impair the intended date of funding any Loan or effectiveness of any amendment or supplement under the Loan Documents, the foregoing clause (A) shall also apply), 
 (g) the Capital Stock of any Person that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (other than a Loan Party), 
 (h) any Margin Stock, 
 (i) the Capital Stock of (i) any Foreign Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Discretionary Guarantor) and (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary Holdco, in each case (x) in excess of 65 of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of any such Person or (y) to the extent such Foreign Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary Holdco is not a first-tier Subsidiary of a Loan Party, 
 (j) Commercial Tort Claims with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) of less than 10,000,000, 
 (k) Trust Accounts and Trust Funds, 
 (l) assets subject to a purchase money security interest, Finance Lease or similar arrangement, in each case, that is permitted by the terms of this Agreement and to the extent the grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money or similar arrangement or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law it being understood that the term Excluded Asset shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in this 
 25 

clause (l) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant violation or invalidation, 
 (m) any asset with respect to which the Administrative Agent and the relevant Loan Party have reasonably determined that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence (including any effect on the ability of the relevant Loan Party to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course of business and including the cost of title insurance, surveys or flood insurance (if necessary) or any mortgage, stamp, intangibles or other tax or expenses of obtaining or perfecting such security interest) of obtaining or perfecting a security interest therein outweighs, or is excessive in light of, the practical benefit of a security interest to the relevant Secured Parties afforded thereby, which determination is evidenced in writing, 
 (n) any governmental license or state or local franchise, charter and or authorization, to the extent the grant of a security interest in such license, franchise, charter and or authorization is prohibited or restricted thereby after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law, other than any proceed or receivable thereof the assignment of which is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law, 
 (o) any asset of a Subsidiary (including its Capital Stock) acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in a Permitted Acquisition (other than from the Borrower of any Subsidiary) that, at the time of the relevant acquisition, is encumbered by a Permitted Lien to secure assumed indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 to the extent (and for so long as) the documentation governing the applicable assumed Indebtedness prohibits such asset from being pledged to secure the Obligations and the relevant prohibition was not implemented in contemplation of the applicable acquisition, 
 (p) any assets owned by an Excluded Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, and 
 (q) any aircraft or any trucks, trailers, tractors, service vehicles, automobiles, rolling stock or other registered mobile equipment or equipment covered by certificates of title or ownership of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 provided , however , that Excluded Assets will not include any proceeds, substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Assets (unless such proceeds, substitutions or replacements would otherwise constitute Excluded Assets). 
 Excluded Subsidiary means 
 (a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary on the Closing Date or on the date such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary, in each case for so long as such Subsidiary remains not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, 
 (b) any Immaterial Subsidiary, 
 (c) any Restricted Subsidiary (i) that is prohibited or restricted from providing a Loan Guaranty by (A) any Requirement of Law, (B) any Contractual Obligation that, in the case of this clause (B) , exists on the Closing Date or at the time such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary (which Contractual Obligation was not entered into in contemplation of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary (including pursuant to assumed Indebtedness)) and or (C) with respect to any Restricted Subsidiary owning, directly or indirectly, the relevant CRE Finance Assets or Real Estate Investments, as applicable, financed thereby, or the corresponding Financing Equity and notwithstanding anything in clause (B) above to the contrary, any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, in each case, that is permitted hereunder (including, without limitation, any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing existing on the Closing Date or established from time to time after the Closing Date, in each case, that is permitted hereunder (including Asset Financing Facilities or CRE Financings established in contemplation of the applicable Restricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary)) or (ii) that would require a governmental (including regulatory) or third party (other than Borrower, a Subsidiary of Borrower, the Manager, or the respective Affiliates of the foregoing) consent, approval, license or authorization on the Closing Date or at the time such Restricted 
 26 

Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary (and (other than in the case of any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing with respect to (x) the relevant CRE Finance Assets or Real Estate Investments, as applicable, financed by such Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, as applicable, (y) any corresponding Financing Equity and (z) other assets ancillary to such CRE Finance Asset or Real Estate Investments owned by the Financing SPE Subsidiary under such Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, as applicable) to the extent such requirement was not incurred in contemplation of the Closing Date or of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary), (including any regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization) to provide a Loan Guaranty (except to the extent such consent has been obtained, it being understood there is no obligation to obtain or seek to obtain any such consent, approval, license or authorization), so long as, in the case of any Subsidiary that constitutes an Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to clause (i)(C) or (ii) (with respect to third party consent, approval, license or authorization only) above only, a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary is a Guarantor, 
 (d) any not-for-profit subsidiary, 
 (e) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, 
 (f) any (x) special purpose entity used for any permitted receivables facility or financing (including any Securitization Subsidiary) or (y) Financing SPE Subsidiary, in the case of this clause (y) , that is not an obligor under any Indebtedness and that does not own any assets other than assets ancillary to its potential ownership of CRE Finance Asset or Real Estate Investments under Asset Financing Facilities or CRE Financing, as applicable, 
 (g) any Foreign Subsidiary, 
 (h) (i) any Foreign Subsidiary Holdco and or (ii) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary or of any Foreign Subsidiary Holdco, 
 (i) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, 
 (j) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted under this Agreement with assumed Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(n) , and each Restricted Subsidiary acquired in such Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder that guarantees such Indebtedness, in each case to the extent that, and for so long as, the documentation relating to such Indebtedness to which such Subsidiary is a party prohibits such Subsidiary from providing a Loan Guaranty (which prohibition was not implemented in contemplation of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary or in order to avoid the requirement of providing a Loan Guaranty), and 
 (k) any other Restricted Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the burden or cost of providing a Loan Guaranty (including any adverse tax consequences to the Borrower or any of its direct or indirect Parent Companies or Subsidiaries) outweighs, or would be excessive in light of, the practical benefits afforded thereby in each case, unless such Subsidiary becomes a Guarantor pursuant to the last sentence of the definition thereof, which judgment is evidenced in writing 
 provided , however , that no Discretionary Guarantor shall constitute an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Loan Guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Loan Guaranty thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) (a) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder (determined after giving effect to Section 3.20 of the Loan Guaranty and any other keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor) at the time the Loan Guaranty of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or (b) in the case of a Swap Obligation that is subject to a clearing requirement pursuant to section 2(h) of the Commodity Exchange Act, because such Guarantor is a financial entity, as defined in section 2(h)(7)(C) of the Commodity Exchange Act, at the time the 
 27 

guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Loan Guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document, (a) any Taxes imposed on (or measured by) such recipient s net income or franchise Taxes, (i) imposed as a result of such recipient being organized or having its principal office located in or, in the case of any Lender, having its applicable lending office located in, the taxing jurisdiction or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed under Section 884(a) of the Code, or any similar Tax, imposed by any jurisdiction described in clause (a) , (c) any U.S. federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender (other than a Lender that became a Lender pursuant to an assignment under Section 2.19 with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Requirement of Law in effect on the date on which such Lender (i) acquires such interest in the applicable Commitment or, if such Lender did not fund the applicable Loan pursuant to a prior Commitment, on the date such Lender acquires its interest in such Loan, or (ii) designates a new lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17 , amounts with respect to such Tax were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it designated a new lending office, (d) any Tax imposed as a result of a failure by such Lender to comply with Section 2.17(f) (or, in the case of any payment made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, by the Administrative Agent to comply with Section 2.17(i) ), (e) any Taxes imposed under FATCA, and (f) any U.S. federal backup withholding Taxes imposed under Section 3406 of the Code. 
 Extended Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 Extension has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 Extension Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (to the extent required by Section 2.23 and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that has accepted the applicable Extension Offer pursuant hereto and in accordance with Section 2.23 . 
 Extension Offer has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 Facility means any real property (including all buildings, fixtures or other improvements located thereon) now, hereafter or, except with respect to Articles 5 and 6 , owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective predecessors or Affiliates. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version described above), and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official administrative practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement (and any related fiscal or regulatory legislation or rules, or official administrative guidance) implementing any of the foregoing. 
 FCPA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.17(c) . 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate provided that if the Federal Funds 
 28 

Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fifth Amendment means that certain Fifth Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2021, among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Fifth Amendment Arranger has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment. 
 Fifth Amendment Effective Date means June 21, 2021. 
 Finance Lease means, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal, or mixed) by that Person as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is, or is required to be, accounted for as a finance lease on the balance sheet of that Person. 
 Finance Lease Obligations means, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a Finance Lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) prepared in accordance with GAAP provided that Finance Lease Obligations shall, for the avoidance of doubt, exclude all Non-Finance Lease Obligations. 
 Financial Covenant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.13(a) . 
 Financial Incurrence Test has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(d) . 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer, treasurer, or any vice president having duties substantially similar to the foregoing, of the Borrower, or such other officer of the Borrower reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent. 
 Financial Officer Certification means, with respect to the financial statements for which such certification is required, the certification of a Financial Officer that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower as at the dates indicated and its consolidated income and cash flows for the periods indicated, subject to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments. 
 Financing Equity has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Excluded Assets. 
 Financing SPE Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that constitutes a special purpose entity or other similar entity, in each case, formed or acquired to incur, or provide credit support with respect to, any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing at such time of formation or acquisition or any time thereafter. 
 First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 First Amendment Effective Date means November 19, 2019. 
 First Lien Specified Debt means Indebtedness in respect of the (a) 2019 New Term Loans, (b) to the extent incurred in reliance on clause (a) of the Incremental Cap, any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt, (c) any other Indebtedness incurred in reliance on the Incremental Cap (other than clause (d) thereof) that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the 2019 New Term Loans, and (d) Refinancing Indebtedness (including Replacement Term Loans and Replacement Notes) and or other Refinancing Indebtedness or permitted Indebtedness that refinances any of the foregoing that were or are, in the case of this clause (d) , incurred to refinance any Indebtedness under the 
 29 

Loan Documents or any Incremental Equivalent Debt, in each case, that was secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the 2019 New Term Loans. 
 Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year. 
 Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31 of each calendar year. 
 Fixed Basket has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(d) . 
 Flood Hazard Property means any parcel of any Material Real Estate Asset located in the U.S. in an area designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area. 
 Flood Insurance Laws means, collectively, (i) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statue thereto, (iii) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (iv) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (v) Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the subsequent modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. The initial Floor for each of the Term SOFR Rate and Daily Simple SOFR shall be 0.50 . 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 Foreign Discretionary Guarantor means a Discretionary Guarantor that is organized in a jurisdiction outside of the United States. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Foreign Subsidiary Holdco means any Restricted Subsidiary that has, directly or indirectly, no material assets other than the Capital Stock and, if applicable, indebtedness of one or more subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries or other Foreign Subsidiary Holdcos. 
 Fourth Amendment means that certain Fourth Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2021, among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Fourth Amendment Arranger has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fourth Amendment. 
 Fourth Amendment Effective Date means February 19, 2021. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. in effect and applicable to the accounting period in respect of which reference to GAAP is made. 
 Governmental Authority means any federal, state, municipal, national or other government, governmental department, commission, board, bureau, court, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity or officer exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with the U.S., a foreign government or any political subdivision thereof. 
 30 

Governmental Authorization means any permit, license, authorization, approval, plan, directive, consent order or consent decree of or from any Governmental Authority. 
 Granting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(e) . 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (as used in this definition, the Guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the Guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person (the Primary Obligor in any manner and including any obligation of the Guarantor (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the Primary Obligor so as to enable the Primary Obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or monetary obligation, (e) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) or (f) secured by any Lien on any assets of such Guarantor securing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or monetary other obligation is assumed by such Guarantor (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation to obtain any such Lien) provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition, Disposition or other transaction permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. 
 Guarantor means any Subsidiary Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, elect to cause one or more Restricted Subsidiaries that are Excluded Subsidiaries to become a Guarantor (any such person, a Discretionary Guarantor by causing such Person to execute a joinder to the Loan Guaranty (in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto) and to satisfy the requirements of Section 5.12 and the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement (as if such Person was a newly formed Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary but without regard to the time periods specified therein) provided , that (i) in the case of any Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, the jurisdiction of such person is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) Administrative Agent shall have received at least two (2) Business Days prior to such Person becoming a Guarantor all documentation and other information in respect of such person required under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations (including the USA PATRIOT Act). 
 Hazardous Materials means any chemical, material, substance or waste, or any constituent thereof, which is prohibited, limited or regulated under any Environmental Law or by any Governmental Authority or which poses a hazard to the Environment or to human health and safety, including, without limitation, petroleum and petroleum by-products, asbestos and asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, medical waste and pharmaceutical waste. 
 Hazardous Materials Activity means any past, current, proposed or threatened activity, event or occurrence involving any Hazardous Material, including the use, manufacture, possession, storage, holding, presence, existence, location, Release, threatened Release, discharge, placement, generation, transportation, processing, construction, treatment, abatement, removal, remediation, disposal, disposition or handling of any Hazardous Material, and any corrective action or response action with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 31 

Hedge Agreement means any agreement with respect to any Derivative Transaction between any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person. 
 Hedging Obligations means, with respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person under any Hedge Agreement. 
 IFRS means international accounting standards within the meaning of the IAS Regulation 1606 2002, as in effect from time to time (subject to the provisions of Section 1.04 ), to the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means, as of any date, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, unless the Borrower elects not to treat any such Restricted Subsidiaries as Immaterial Subsidiaries, (a) the total assets (excluding the amount of operating lease right-of-use assets under GAAP) of which Restricted Subsidiary as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period do not exceed 5.0 of Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period and (b) the gross revenues of such Restricted Subsidiary for such Test Period were equal to or greater than 5.0 of the consolidated gross revenues of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such Test Period, in each case under this clause (b), determined in accordance with GAAP provided that, if at any time and from time to time, the consolidated total assets (excluding the amount of operating lease right-of-use assets under GAAP), and consolidated gross revenues, of all Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors solely because they do not meet the thresholds set forth in the preceding clause (a) or (b) above shall exceed 7.5 of Consolidated Total Assets and 7.5 of consolidated gross revenues, respectively, of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, as of or for the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, then the Borrower shall, not later than sixty (60) days after the date by which financial statements for such Fiscal Quarter were required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), (i) designate in writing to the Administrative Agent one or more Restricted Subsidiaries as not constituting Immaterial Subsidiaries to the extent required such that the foregoing condition ceases to be true and (ii) comply with the provisions of Section 5.12 with respect to any such Restricted Subsidiaries (to the extent applicable), in each case, other than any Restricted Subsidiaries that otherwise constitute Excluded Subsidiaries provided further that, at all times prior to the first delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , this definition shall be applied based on the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower most recently filed with the SEC. 
 Immediate Family Member means, with respect to any individual, such individual s child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, former domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-in-law (including adoptive relationships), any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate-planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals, such individual s estate (or an executor or administrator acting on its behalf), heirs or legatees or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. 
 Incremental Cap means 
 (a) the Base Incremental Amount, plus 
 (b) in the case of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt that (x) effectively extends the Maturity Date with respect to, or effects a repricing of, any Class of Loans hereunder or any other First Lien Specified Debt, an amount equal to the portion of the relevant Class of Loans or such other First Lien Specified Debt that will be replaced or repriced by such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt, that, to the extent secured, is secured by the Collateral with the same priority as the Class of Loans or such other First Lien Specified Debt so extended or repriced or (y) effectively replaces any Loans hereunder or any other First Lien Specified Debt pursuant to Section 2.19(b)(iv) hereof (or any analogous provisions in any applicable other First Lien Specified Debt), an amount equal to the portion of the relevant Class of Loans or such other First Lien Specified Debt replaced by such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt, that, to the extent secured, is 
 32 

secured by the Collateral with the same priority as the Class of Loans or such other First Lien Specified Debt so replaced, plus 
 (c) without duplication of clause (b) above, the amount of any optional or voluntary Prepayment (including in accordance with Section 2.11(a)) of any First Lien Specified Debt provided that the relevant optional or voluntary Prepayment was not funded with the proceeds of any long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness), minus the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Facilities and or Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred or issued in reliance on this clause (c) , in each case after giving effect to any reclassification of such Incremental Facilities and or Incremental Equivalent Debt, as incurred under clause (d) below (this clause (c) , together with clauses (a) and (b) above, the Non-Ratio Based Incremental Amount ), plus 
 (d) an unlimited amount so long as, in the case of this clause (d) , after giving effect to the relevant Incremental Facility, (i) if such Incremental Facility is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the Secured Obligations that are secured on a first lien basis, the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio does not exceed the greater of (A) 80.0 or (B) if such Incremental Facility is incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment not prohibited by the Loan Documents, the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Incremental Facility, or (ii) if such Incremental Facility is unsecured or secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien securing the Secured Obligations that are secured on a first lien basis, the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio does not exceed the greater of (A) 82.0 or (B) if such Incremental Facility is incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment not prohibited by the Loan Documents, the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Incremental Facility, in each case described in this clause (d) , calculated on a Pro Forma Basis including all pro forma adjustments in accordance with Section 1.10 , including the application of the proceeds thereof (this clause (d) , the Ratio Based Incremental Amount 
 provided that 
 (i) Incremental Facilities and Incremental Equivalent Debt may be incurred or implemented under one or more of clauses (a) through (d) of this definition as selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion, provided that unless the Borrower elects otherwise, each Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt will be deemed incurred first under clause (d) to the maximum extent permitted thereunder, 
 (ii) if Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt are intended to be incurred under clause (d) of this definition and one or more other clause of this definition in a single transaction or series of related transactions, (A) the permissibility of the portion of such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred or implemented under clause (d) of this definition will be determined without giving effect to any Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred or implemented in reliance on each other clause of this definition, but giving full pro forma effect to the use of proceeds of the entire amount of all such Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt that will be incurred or implemented at such time in reliance on each other clause of this definition and the related transactions, and (B) thereafter, the permissibility of the portion of the Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred or implemented, as applicable, under the other applicable provisions of this definition will be determined, and 
 (iii) any portion of Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred or implemented in reliance on clauses (a) through (c) of this definition will, unless the Borrower otherwise elects, automatically be reclassified from time to time after the incurrence or implementation under clause (d) of this definition if such portion of Incremental Facilities or Incremental Equivalent Debt could at such time be satisfied under clause (d) of this definition on a pro forma basis. 
 Incremental Commitment means any commitment made by a lender to provide all or any portion of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Term Loan. 
 33 

Incremental Equivalent Debt means Indebtedness in the form of senior secured, junior secured or unsecured Indebtedness, whether in the form of term or revolving loans, notes, debt securities or otherwise and or commitments in respect of any of the foregoing, (in each case in respect of the issuance of notes, whether issued in a public offering, Rule 144A or other private placement or purchase or otherwise) or any bridge financing in lieu of the foregoing, or secured or unsecured mezzanine debt, issued, incurred or implemented in lieu of loans under an Incremental Facility or to refinance other Indebtedness incurred under the Loan Documents provided that 
 (a) the aggregate principal amount thereof shall not exceed the Incremental Cap (as in effect at the time of determination, including giving effect to any reclassification on or prior to such date of determination), 
 (b) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity applicable to such Incremental Equivalent Debt (other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date not longer than one year that are exchangeable or convertible into, or are intended to be refinanced, with other debt instruments permitted hereunder provided , that any loans, notes, securities or other Indebtedness which are exchanged for or otherwise replace such bridge loans shall be subject to the requirements of this clause (b) is no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the 2019 New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans or the Term B-4 Loans (without giving effect to any prepayments thereof) on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Equivalent Debt, 
 (c) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the final maturity date with respect to such Incremental Equivalent Debt (other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date not longer than one year that are exchangeable or convertible into, or are intended to be refinanced, with other debt instruments permitted hereunder provided , that any loans, notes, securities or other Indebtedness which are exchanged for or otherwise replace such bridge loans shall be subject to the requirements of this clause (c) is no earlier than the Latest Maturity Date on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Equivalent Debt, 
 (d) subject to clauses (b) and (c) , to the extent constituting term indebtedness, such Incremental Equivalent Debt may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by the Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt, 
 (e) in the case of Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred on any date after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date that is on or prior to the day that is six months after the Sixth Seventh Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount, together with any Incremental Term Loans incurred during such six-month period that satisfy the MFN Conditions, in excess of the MFN Threshold that satisfies each of the MFN Conditions, the Effective Yield of the Term B-4 Loans shall be subject to the adjustment in the manner set forth in the MFN Protection (to the extent then applicable), determined for purposes of this clause (e) as if such Incremental Equivalent Debt were Incremental Term Loans, 
 (f) any such Incremental Equivalent Debt (x) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with any then-existing tranche of Term Loans or be subordinated in right of payment thereto and (y) may rank pari passu with or junior to any then-existing tranche of Term Loans, as applicable, in right of security with respect to the Collateral or may be unsecured, 
 (g) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt is (a) secured by a Lien on the Collateral, then such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject to any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement or (b) unsecured and contractually subordinated to the Obligations with respect to right of payment, then such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject to a subordination agreement or subordination provision reasonably acceptable to the Borrower, 
 (h) no such Indebtedness may be (x) incurred or guaranteed by any Person that is not a Loan Party or (y) secured by any assets other than the Collateral, and 
 (i) any conditions to availability or funding of any Incremental Equivalent Debt (or commitments with respect to any such Incremental Equivalent Debt), subject to any requirements or limitations set forth above (and subject to the Borrower s right to make an LCT Election), will be determined by the lenders or holders providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt. 
 34 

Incremental Facilities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 Incremental Facility Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (solely for purposes of giving effect to Section 2.22 and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of the Incremental Facility being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 2.22 . 
 Incremental Term B-3 Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment. 
 Incremental Term B-3 Loan Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment. 
 Incremental Term B-3 Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment. 
 Incremental Term B-4 Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the Seventh Amendment. 
 Incremental Term B-4 Loan Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in the Seventh Amendment. 
 Incremental Term B-4 Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the Seventh Amendment. 
 Incremental Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 Indebtedness shall mean, with respect to any Person, without duplication, 
 (i) obligations created, issued or incurred by such Person for borrowed money (whether by loan, the issuance and sale of debt securities or the sale of property to another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to repurchase such property from such Person), 
 (ii) obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase or acquisition price of property or services (other than (x) trade accounts payable (other than for borrowed money) arising, and accrued expenses incurred, in the ordinary course of business so long as such trade accounts payable are payable within 90 days of the date the respective goods are delivered or the respective services are rendered and (y) obligations with respect to earn-outs and similar deferred or contingency compensation arrangements that are not due and payable at such time), 
 (iii) Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien on the property of such Person, whether or not the respective Indebtedness so secured has been assumed by such Person, 
 (iv) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Person in respect of letters of credit or similar instruments issued or accepted by banks and other financial institutions for the account of such Person, 
 (v) Finance Lease Obligations of such person to the extent required to be characterized as a capitalized or financing lease (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, an operating lease) under GAAP, and 
 (vi) obligations of such Person under repurchase agreements or like arrangements and (vii) Indebtedness of others Guaranteed by such Person to the extent of such Guarantee 
 35 

provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) in no event shall obligations under any Derivative Transaction be deemed Indebtedness for any calculation of the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio or the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio or any other financial ratio under the Loan Documents, (b) the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (iii) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith, (c) Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall exclude intercompany Indebtedness so long as such intercompany Indebtedness (A) has a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll-over or extensions of terms) and (B) of any Loan Party owed to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party is unsecured and subordinated to the Obligations and subject to the Intercompany Note, (d) in no event shall any Non-Finance Lease Obligations be deemed Indebtedness for any purpose under the Loan Documents, (e) in no event shall any Non-Recourse Indebtedness owing pursuant to a securitization transaction such as a REMIC securitization, a collateralized loan obligation transaction or other similar securitization be deemed Indebtedness for any purpose under the Loan Documents and (f) for, the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any funding obligations or commitments, or guarantees of funding obligations or commitments, under any CRE Finance Assets be deemed Indebtedness for any purpose under the Loan Documents 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any third person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner and any unincorporated joint venture in which such Person is a joint venture) to the extent such Person would be liable therefor under applicable Requirements of Law or any agreement or instrument by virtue of such Person s ownership interest in such Person, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provides that such Person is not liable therefor. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the term Indebtedness shall not include, and shall be calculated without giving effect to, (x) the effects of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose hereunder as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness hereunder but for the application of this proviso shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness hereunder) and (y) the effects of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivative created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this sentence shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness will not be deemed to include obligations incurred in advance of, and the proceeds of which are to be applied in connection with, the consummation of a transaction solely to the extent that the proceeds thereof are and continue to be held in an escrow, trust, collateral or similar account or arrangement and are not otherwise made available for any other purpose and are used for such purpose. 
 Indemnified Taxes means all Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b) . 
 Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.11(a) . 
 Information Memorandum means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated on or about April 2019 relating to the Borrower and its subsidiaries and the Transactions. 
 Initial Lenders means the Arrangers, the Affiliates of the Arrangers and the other financial institutions that are party to this Agreement as Lenders on the Closing Date. 
 36 

Initial Term B-2 Lender has the meaning assigned to the term Term B-2 Lender in the Second Amendment. 
 Initial Term B-2 Loan Commitment has the meaning assigned to the term Term B-2 Loan Commitment in the Second Amendment. 
 Initial Term B-2 Loans has the meaning assigned to the term Term B-2 Loans in the Second Amendment. 
 Initial Term B-4 Loan Commitments has the meaning assigned to the term Term B-4 Loan Commitments in the Sixth Amendment. 
 Initial Term B-4 Loans has the meaning assigned to the term Term B-4 Loans in the Sixth Amendment. 
 Initial Term Lender means any Lender with an Initial Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Initial Term Loan. 
 Initial Term Loan Commitment means, with respect to each Term Lender, the commitment of such Term Lender to make Initial Term Loans hereunder in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Term Lender s name on the Commitment Schedule, as the same may be (a) terminated pursuant to Section 2.09 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (i) assignments by or to such Term Lender pursuant to Section 9.05 or (ii) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.22 . The aggregate amount of the Term Lenders Initial Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date is 500,000,000. 
 Initial Term Loan Maturity Date means April 23, 2026. 
 Initial Term Loans means the term loans made by the Initial Term Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(i) . 
 Intellectual Property has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Documents. 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement means any agreement executed on the Closing Date confirming or effecting the grant of any Lien on IP Rights owned by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with this Agreement and the Security Agreement, including an Intellectual Property Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 hereto. 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplement means any agreement executed after the Closing Date confirming or effecting the grant of any Lien on IP Rights owned by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with this Agreement and the Security Agreement, including an Intellectual Property Security Agreement Supplement substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 hereto. 
 Intercompany Note means a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit F . 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower in the form of Exhibit H hereto or another form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08 . 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the maturity date applicable to such Loan, (b) with respect to any LIBO Rate Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a LIBO Rate Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day that would have been an Interest Payment Date had successive Interest 
 37 

Periods of three months duration been applicable to such Borrowing, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and the Maturity Date, and (d) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) the date that is the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month after the Borrowing of such Loan and the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month thereafter (or, in each case, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means (a) with respect to any LIBO Rate Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is less than one (if consented to by all relevant affected Lenders), one, two, three or six months (or, to the extent agreed to by all relevant affected Lenders, twelve months or a shorter period) thereafter, as the Borrower may elect and (b) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case of this clause (b), subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment), as the Borrower may elect provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(h) shall be available for specification in any Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Investment means (a) any purchase or other acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any of the Securities of any other Person (other than any Loan Party), (b) the acquisition by purchase or otherwise (other than any purchase or other acquisition of inventory, materials, supplies and or equipment in the ordinary course of business) of all or a substantial portion of the business, property or fixed assets of any other Person or any division or line of business or other business unit of any other Person and (c) any loan, advance (other than any advance to any current or former employee, officer, director, member of management, manager, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary for moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business) or capital contribution by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any other Person (but, in all cases, excluding, in the case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness so long as such Indebtedness (i) has a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll over or extensions of terms) and (ii) of any Loan Party owed to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party is unsecured and subordinated to the Secured Obligations and subject to the Intercompany Note). Subject to Section 5.10 , the amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment, plus the cost of any addition thereto that otherwise constitutes an Investment, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect thereto, but giving effect to any repayments of principal in the case of any Investment in the form of a loan and any return of capital or return on Investment in the case of any equity Investment (whether as a distribution, dividend, redemption or sale but not in excess of the amount of the relevant initial Investment). 
 IP Rights has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.05(c) . 
 IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 JPMCB has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 38 

Junior Debt means any Indebtedness of the types described in clauses (i) and (ii) of the definition of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness among the Borrower and or its Restricted Subsidiaries) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, in each case, with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, each Asset Financing Facility and CRE Financing shall not constitute Junior Debt. 
 Knowledge or knowledge means, as of any date of determination, then-current actual (as distinguished from imputed or constructive) knowledge. For the avoidance of doubt, know , known and knew shall have the respective correlative meaning thereto. 
 Latest Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Loan or Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Term Loan or Term Commitment. 
 LCT Election has the meaning set forth in Section 1.10(b) . 
 LCT Requirements has the meaning set forth in Section 1.10(b) . 
 LCT Test Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.10(b) . 
 Legal Reservations means the application of relevant Debtor Relief Laws, general principles of equity and or principles of good faith and fair dealing. 
 Lenders means the Term Lenders, any lender with an Additional Commitment or an outstanding Additional Term Loan and any other Person that becomes a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 LIBO Rate means, the Published LIBO Rate, as adjusted to reflect applicable reserves prescribed by governmental authorities provided that, in no event shall the LIBO Rate be less than 0.00 per annum or, in the case of the Term B-2 Loans, less than 1.00 per annum, or, in the case of the Term B-3 Loans, less than 0.50 per annum. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any Finance Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), in each case, in the nature of security provided that in no event shall (x) an operating lease (or other lease in respect of a Non-Finance Lease Obligation) or a license to use intellectual property be deemed to constitute a Lien or (y) for the avoidance of doubt, any right of first refusal and tag, drag, forced sale, major decision or similar right in respect of any CRE Finance Asset or Real Estate Investment constitute a Lien. 
 Limited Condition Transaction means any (a) Permitted Acquisition or other Investment or similar transaction (whether by merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other business combination or the acquisition of Capital Stock or otherwise) permitted hereunder by the Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (b) any redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge, repayment or other retirement of Indebtedness and (c) any Restricted Payment. 
 LLC means any Person that is a limited liability company under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation. 
 Loan means any Term Loan. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, any Promissory Note, each Loan Guaranty, the Collateral Documents, the Perfection Certificate (including any Perfection Certificate delivered to the 
 39 

Administrative Agent pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement ), any Perfection Certificate Supplement, any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement to which the Borrower is a party, each Refinancing Amendment, each Incremental Facility Amendment, each Extension Amendment and any other document or instrument designated by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent as a Loan Document. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto. 
 Loan Guaranty means the Guaranty Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto, executed by each Loan Party thereto and the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as supplemented in accordance with the terms of Section 5.12 hereof. 
 Loan Installment Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(a) . 
 Loan Parties means the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 Manager means BXMT Advisors L.L.C. BX Advisors (or any successor thereto) or, to the extent the board of directors of the Borrower appoints another investment manager of the Borrower at any time and from time to time, such other investment manager appointed thereby. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, (i) each reference to Manager set forth in clause (b) of the definition of Core Earnings, the last paragraph of the definition of Disqualified Stock, Section 6.04(a)(ii) and Section 6.06(z) shall, as applicable, also be deemed to include any previous investment manager of the Borrower (each, a Predecessor Manger with respect to any Capital Stock, compensation or deferred compensation granted or provided to any applicable Person set forth in such applicable clause, or any arrangement or agreement entered into with respect to any applicable item referenced in such clause, while such Predecessor Manager was acting as the Manager of the Borrower and (ii) each reference to Manager set forth in Section 6.09(f)(i) shall include any Predecessor Manager (provided that any fees paid to a Predecessor Manager pursuant to Section 6.09(f)(i) shall have accrued or been granted while such Person was acting as the Manager of the Borrower). 
 Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations, in each case, of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Administrative Agent under the applicable Loan Documents or (iii) the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their payment obligations under the applicable Loan Documents. 
 Material Debt Instrument means any physical instrument evidencing any Indebtedness for borrowed money which is required to be pledged and delivered to the Administrative Agent (or its agent or bailee) pursuant to the Security Agreement or any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Material Real Estate Asset means (a) on the Closing Date, each Real Estate Asset listed on Schedule 1.01(c) and (b) any fee-owned Real Estate Asset acquired by any Loan Party after the Closing Date having a fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent after taking into account any liabilities with respect thereto that impact such fair market value) in excess of 20,000,000 as of the date of acquisition thereof. 
 Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the 2019 Replacement Term Loans, the 2019 Incremental Term Loans, the Additional 2019 New Term Loans, the Replacement Term B-3 Loans and the Incremental Term B-3 Loans, the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, (b) with respect to the Term B-4 Loans, May 9, 2029, (c) with respect to any Replacement Term Loans (other than the 2019 Replacement Term Loans and the Replacement Term B-3 Loans), the final maturity date for such Replacement Term Loans, as set forth in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, (d) with respect to any Incremental Term Loans (other than the 2019 Incremental Term Loans, the Additional 2019 New Term Loans, the Incremental Term B-3 Loans and the Term B-4 Loans), the final maturity date set forth in the applicable 
 40 

Incremental Facility Amendment and (e) with respect to any Extended Term Loans, the final maturity date for such Extended Term Loans as set forth in the applicable Extension Amendment. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19 . 
 MFN Conditions has the meaning set forth in Section 2.22(a)(v) . 
 MFN Protection has the meaning set forth in Section 2.22(a)(v) . 
 MFN Threshold has the meaning set forth in Section 2.22(a)(v) . 
 Minimum Extension Condition has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(b) . 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Mortgage means any mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement which conveys or evidences a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the relevant Secured Parties, on any Material Real Estate Asset constituting Collateral, which shall contain such terms as may be necessary under applicable local Requirements of Law to perfect a Lien on the applicable Material Real Estate Asset. 
 Mortgage Policies has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan which is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, makes or is obligated to make contributions or with respect to which any of them has any ongoing obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 
 Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds means an amount equal to (a) any Cash payments or proceeds (including Cash Equivalents) received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) under any casualty insurance policy in respect of a covered loss thereunder of any assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than, for purposes of Section 2.11(b)(ii) , assets acquired after the Closing Date with the proceeds of equity contributions to, or the issuance of Qualified Capital Stock of, the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case, other than contributions by, or issuances to, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) or (ii) as a result of the taking of any assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than, for purposes of Section 2.11(b)(ii) , assets acquired after the Closing Date with the proceeds of equity contributions or the issuance of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case, other than contributions by, or issuances to, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary)) by any Person pursuant to the power of eminent domain, condemnation or otherwise, or pursuant to a sale of any such assets to a purchaser with such power under threat of such a taking, minus (b) (i) any actual out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with the adjustment, settlement or collection of any claims of the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary in respect thereof, (ii) payment of the outstanding principal amount of, premium or penalty, if any, and interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness (other than the Loans and any Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with or expressly subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing any Secured Obligation) that is secured by a Lien on the assets in question and that is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due or would be in default under the terms thereof as a result of such loss, taking or sale, or payment of other amounts due to, or required to be made available to, any Person under any other Contractual Obligation binding such assets or to which such assets are subject (including, without limitation, in the case of Real Estate Assets, any ground lease, lease or other occupancy agreement) (iii) in the case of a taking, the reasonable out-of-pocket costs of putting any affected property in a safe and secure position, (iv) any selling costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable broker s fees or commissions, legal fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance 
 41 

premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred in connection therewith and the Borrower s good faith estimate of income Taxes paid or payable (including pursuant to Tax sharing arrangements or any intercompany distribution)) in connection with any sale or taking of such assets as described in clause (a) of this definition, (v) any amounts provided as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustments associated with any sale or taking of such assets as referred to in clause (a) of this definition provided that to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds) and (vi) in the case of any covered loss or taking from a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the pro rata portion thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (vi) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result thereof. 
 Net Proceeds means (a) with respect to any Disposition (including any Prepayment Asset Sale), the Cash proceeds (including Cash Equivalents and Cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received), net of (i) selling costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable broker s fees or commissions, legal fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, escrow costs and fees, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred in connection therewith and the Borrower s good faith estimate of income Taxes paid or payable (including pursuant to Tax sharing arrangements or any intercompany distributions) in connection with such Disposition), (ii) amounts provided as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustment associated with such Disposition provided that to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Proceeds), (iii) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness (other than the Loans and any other Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with or expressly subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing any Secured Obligation) which is secured by the asset sold in such Disposition and which is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due or would be in default and is repaid (other than any such Indebtedness that is assumed by the purchaser of such asset) (including, without limitation, any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing), (iv) Cash escrows (until released from escrow to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) from the sale price for such Disposition and (v) in the case of any Disposition by a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the pro rata portion of the Net Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (v) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result thereof and (b) with respect to any issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or Capital Stock, the Cash proceeds thereof, net of all Taxes and customary fees, commissions, costs, underwriting discounts and other fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. 
 Net Proceeds Percentage has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii) . 
 Non-Finance Lease means, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person as lessee that is not required to be accounted for as a finance lease or capital lease on the balance sheet and the income statement in accordance with GAAP as in effect at any time of determination. For the avoidance of doubt, any lease pursuant to which a Person recognizes lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term and any operating lease shall be considered a Non-Finance Lease. 
 Non-Finance Lease Obligation means a lease obligation pursuant to any Non-Finance Lease. 
 Non-Fixed Basket has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(d) . 
 Non-Recourse Indebtedness means any Indebtedness other than Recourse Indebtedness. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 42 

NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided, further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest (including interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar case or proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such case or proceeding) on the Loans, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses (including fees and expenses accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar case or proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such case or proceeding), reimbursements, indemnities and all other advances to, debts, liabilities and obligations of any Loan Party to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any First Amendment Arranger (as defined in the First Amendment), any Second Amendment Arranger (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, any Fourth Amendment Arranger, any Fifth Amendment Arranger, any Sixth Amendment Arranger , any Seventh Amendment Arranger or any Indemnitee arising under the Loan Documents in respect of any Loan or otherwise, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute, contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising. 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
 Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, its certificate or articles of incorporation or organization and its by-laws, (b) with respect to any limited partnership, its certificate of limited partnership and its partnership agreement, (c) with respect to any general partnership, its partnership agreement, (d) with respect to any limited liability company, its articles of organization or certificate of formation, and its operating agreement or limited liability company agreement, and (e) with respect to any other form of entity, such other organizational documents required by local Requirements of Law or customary under such jurisdiction to document the formation and governance principles of such type of entity. In the event that any term or condition of this Agreement or any other Loan Document requires any Organizational Document to be certified by a secretary of state or similar governmental official, the reference to any such Organizational Document shall only be to a document of a type customarily certified by such governmental official. 
 Other Applicable Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii) . 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary Taxes or any intangible, recording, filing or other excise or property Taxes arising from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, but excluding any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment, grant of a participation or designation of a new office for receiving payments by or on 
 43 

account of the Borrower (other than an assignment or designation of a new office made pursuant to Section 2.19(b) ). 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(c)(i) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(c)(ii) . 
 Patent means the following (a) any and all patents and patent applications (b) all inventions, designs or improvements thereto described or claimed therein (c) all reissues, reexaminations, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations in part thereof (d) all income, royalties, damages, claims, and payments now or hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages and payments for past and future infringements thereof (e) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements thereof and (f) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, maintains or contributes to or has an obligation to contribute to, or otherwise has any liability, contingent or otherwise. 
 Perfection Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J . 
 Perfection Certificate Supplement means a supplement to the Perfection Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit K . 
 Perfection Requirements means the filing of appropriate financing statements with the office of the Secretary of State or other appropriate office of the state of organization (or, in the case of a Foreign Discretionary Guarantor, other office under Section 9-307 of the UCC) of each Loan Party, the filing of appropriate assignments, security agreements, instruments or notices with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the U.S. Copyright Office, the proper recording or filing, as applicable, of Mortgages and fixture filings with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset constituting Collateral, in each case in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and to the extent required by the applicable Loan Documents, in each case, the delivery to the Administrative Agent of any stock certificate, promissory note and instruments required to be delivered pursuant to the applicable Loan Documents, together with instruments of transfer executed in blank and, in the case of any Foreign Discretionary Guarantor (and its Capital Stock), such steps required to grant the Administrative Agent a first priority perfected lien on its Capital Stock and substantially all of its assets pursuant to arrangements reasonably agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition made by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division or product line (including research and development and related assets in respect of any product) of, any Person or of a majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person (and, in any event, including any Investment in (x) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (y) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrower s or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary s ownership interest in such joint venture) if (A) such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or (B) such Person, in one transaction or a series of related transaction, is amalgamated, merged or consolidated with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets (or such division, business unit or product line) to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such Investment. 
 Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception means Indebtedness incurred, at the option of the Borrower (in its sole discretion), with a final maturity date prior to the earliest maturity date otherwise expressly required under this Agreement with respect to such Indebtedness (in each such case, 
 44 

the Earliest Permitted Maturity Date and or a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than the minimum Weighted Average Life to Maturity otherwise expressly required under this Agreement with respect to such Indebtedness (in each such case, the Minimum Permitted Weighted Average Life to Maturity in an aggregate principal amount up to the greater of (a) 225,000,000 and (b) 1.5 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, in each case, solely to the extent the final maturity date of such Indebtedness is expressly restricted under the applicable Basket from occurring prior to an Earliest Permitted Maturity Date set forth therein that is expressly applicable thereto and or the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Indebtedness is expressly restricted under the applicable Basket from being shorter than a Minimum Permitted Weighted Average Life to Maturity set forth therein that is expressly applicable thereto. 
 Permitted Holders means (a) the Sponsor and (b) any Person with which the Sponsor forms a group (within the meaning of Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act) so long as, in the case of this clause (b) , the Sponsor beneficially owns more than 50 of the relevant voting stock beneficially owned by the group. 
 Permitted Liens means Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02 . 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or any other entity. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) maintained by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any of its ERISA Affiliates, other than any Multiemployer Plan. 
 Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01 . 
 Prepayment means, with respect to any Indebtedness, the repayment, in whole or in part, thereof prior to the stated maturity thereof (excluding regularly scheduled amortization and other mandatory or required payments), including by redemption, repurchase (including by assignment to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary and cancellation or reduction of such Indebtedness or by Dutch Auction), tender offer, offer to purchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge, or other retirement of such Indebtedness provided , that if such Indebtedness is under a revolving credit or similar facility, such Prepayment is accompanied by a corresponding permanent reduction of the commitments thereunder. Prepay and Prepayment shall have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Prepayment Asset Sale means any non-ordinary course Disposition by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries made pursuant to Section 6.07(h) , (s) or (aa) , other than the Disposition of assets acquired after the Closing Date with the proceeds of equity contributions or the issuance of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower (in each case, other than contributions by, or issuances to, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary). 
 Primary Obligor has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Guarantee. 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). 
 Pro Forma Basis or pro forma effect means, with respect to any determination of the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio, the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio or Consolidated Total Assets (including component definitions thereof), subject to Section 1.10 , that each Subject Transaction shall be 
 45 

deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which such calculation is being made and that 
 (a) any retirement or repayment of Indebtedness (other than normal fluctuations in revolving Indebtedness incurred for working capital purposes) shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made, 
 (b) any Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection therewith shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made provided that, (x) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable Test Period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness at the relevant date of determination (taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness), (y) interest on any obligation with respect to any Finance Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Financial Officer of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligation in accordance with GAAP and (z) interest on any Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate or other rate shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen by the Borrower, 
 (c) the acquisition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets, whether pursuant to any Subject Transaction or any Person becoming a Subsidiary or merging, amalgamating or consolidating with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or the Disposition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets described in the definition of Subject Transaction, shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which such calculation is being made, and 
 (d) whenever a financial ratio or test is to be calculated on a pro forma basis, the reference to the Test Period for purposes of calculating such financial ratio or test (except for purposes of determining actual compliance with Section 6.13(a) shall be deemed to be a reference to, and shall be based on, the most recently ended Test Period for which either, as determined by the Borrower, internal financial statements of the Borrower of the type described in Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) , as applicable, are available (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) or such financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) , as applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph, for the avoidance of doubt, when calculating the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio for purposes of Section 6.13(a) (other than for the purpose of determining pro forma compliance with Section 6.13(a) as a condition to taking any action under this Agreement), the events described in the immediately preceding paragraph that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period shall not be given pro forma effect. 
 Projections means the financial projections, forecasts, financial estimates, other forward-looking and or projected information and pro forma financial statements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries included in the Information Memorandum (or a supplement thereto). 
 Promissory Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit L hereto, evidencing the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Loans made by such Lender. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d) . 
 Published LIBO Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any LIBO Rate Borrowing for any Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark 
 46 

Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for U.S. Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion)) provided that if the Published LIBO Rate as so determined would be (x) less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 in the case of the Term B-2 Loans, (y) less than 0.50 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.50 in the case of the Term B-3 Loans, or (z) less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for all other purposes of this Agreement. 
 Qualified Capital Stock of any Person means any Capital Stock of such Person that is not Disqualified Capital Stock. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.23 . 
 Qualified Securitization Financing means any Securitization Financing of a Securitization Subsidiary that meets the following conditions (a) such Qualified Securitization Financing (including financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions) is in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Borrower and the Securitization Subsidiary, (b) all sales and or contributions of Securitization Assets and related assets to the Securitization Subsidiary are made at fair market value and (c) the financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions thereof, including any Standard Securitization Undertakings, shall be market terms. The grant of a security interest in any Securitization Assets of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (other than a Securitization Subsidiary) to secure Indebtedness under this Agreement prior to engaging in any Securitization Financing shall not be deemed a Qualified Securitization Financing. For the avoidance of doubt, no Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing is required to meet the conditions for a Qualified Securitization Financing in order to be permitted to be incurred hereunder and Qualified Securitization Financings shall be deemed to exclude Asset Financing Facilities and CRE Financings. 
 Real Estate Asset means, at any time of determination, all right, title and interest (fee, leasehold or otherwise) of any Loan Party in and to real property (including, but not limited to, land, improvements and fixtures thereon). 
 Real Estate Investment means (i) any Real Estate Asset that is not used by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries for operational purposes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Real Estate Asset (x) subject to a sale-leaseback, ground lease or other long-term net lease, in each case, in respect of which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is the landlord or lessor, as applicable, (y) acquired in connection with a foreclosure or other exercise of remedies under any CRE Finance Asset and or (z) which is, or is in the process of becoming, subject to any CRE Financing) and or direct or indirect interests therein (including, without limitation, preferred equity and or syndicated equity interests), and (ii) any rights, assets or investments similar to or derivative of, any item referred to in the foregoing clause (i) and or the acquisition, financing, operation or administration thereof (regardless of whether or not the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries owns the applicable Real Estate Asset or direct or indirect interest therein) (including, without limitation, management, franchise and or other operational rights) and (iii) Capital Stock in any Person substantially all of whose assets, directly or indirectly, are comprised of one or more of the items referred to in the foregoing clauses (i) and or (ii). 
 Recourse Indebtedness means with respect to any Person, on any date of determination, the amount of Indebtedness for which such Person has recourse liability (including without limitation through a Guarantee), exclusive of any such Indebtedness to the extent such recourse liability of such Person is limited to obligations relating to customary nonrecourse carve-outs. 
 47 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5 00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting , (2) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four Business Days prior to such setting or (3) if such Benchmark is neither the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Refinancing Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower executed by (a) the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of the Replacement Term Loans being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 9.02(c) . 
 Refinancing Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(p) . 
 Refunding Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(viii) . 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(b)(iv) . 
 Regulation D means Regulation D of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation H means Regulation H of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 REIT Status shall mean, with respect to any Person, (a) the qualification of such Person as a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code and (b) the applicability to such Person and its shareholders of the method of taxation provided for in Section 857 et seq. of the Code. 
 Related Funds means with respect to any Lender that is an Approved Fund, any other Approved Fund that is managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, managers, officers, trustees, employees, partners, agents, advisors and other representatives of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Release means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, injection, escaping, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of any Hazardous Material into the Environment (including the abandonment or disposal of any barrels, containers or other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Material), including the movement of any Hazardous Material through the air, soil, surface water or groundwater. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means, the Board, the NYFRB, and or the CME Term SOFR Administrator, as applicable, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board and or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto. 
 Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Term SOFR Rate or (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing, Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. 
 Replaced Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c) . 
 48 

Replacement Notes means any Refinancing Indebtedness (whether issued in a public offering, Rule 144A under the Securities Act or other private placement or bridge financing in lieu of the foregoing or otherwise) incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(a) (and any subsequent refinancing of such Replacement Notes). 
 Replacement Term B-3 Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment. 
 Replacement Term B-3 Loan Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment. 
 Replacement Term B-3 Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the Fifth Amendment. 
 Replacement Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c) . 
 Reportable Event means, with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, any of the events described in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, other than those events as to which the 30-day notice period is waived under PBGC Reg. Section 4043. 
 Representatives has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13 . 
 Repricing Transaction means each of (a) the prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution or replacement of all or a portion of any Term B-4 Loans with the incurrence by any Loan Party of any broadly syndicated term loans secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Term B-4 Loans (including any Replacement Term Loans) under any credit facilities the primary purpose (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) of which is to, and which does, reduce the Effective Yield of such Indebtedness relative to the Term B-4 Loans so prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced, as applicable, and (b) any amendment, waiver or other modification to this Agreement the primary purpose (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) of which is to, and which does, reduce the Effective Yield applicable to the applicable Term B-4 Loans immediately prior to such amendment, waiver or modification provided that in no event shall any Repricing Transaction include (or be deemed to include) any such prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution, replacement, amendment, waiver or other modification in connection with (x) a Change of Control or (y) any acquisition, investment or disposition, in each case under this clause (y), for which the aggregate consideration (together with any related acquisition, investment or disposition forming part of the same transaction or series of related transactions) is equal to or greater than 400,000,000. Any determination by the Administrative Agent of the Effective Yield for purposes of this definition shall be conclusive and binding on all Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall have no liability to any Person with respect to such determination absent bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Loans and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Loans and such unused Commitments at such time. 
 Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all federal, state, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Responsible Officer means, (A) with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) Stephen Plavin, Thomas C. Ruffing or Douglas Armer, or any successor to any of the foregoing, (ii) any asset manager at The Blackstone Group L.P. or any Affiliate thereof responsible for the applicable asset (or replacement manager of Borrower), or (iii) any other employee with a title equivalent or more senior to that of principal within The Blackstone Group L.P. or any Affiliate thereof 
 49 

responsible for the origination, acquisition and or management of the applicable asset and (B) with respect to any other Person, the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, any executive vice president, any senior vice president, any vice president, the chief operating officer or any other executive officer of such Person and any other individual or similar official thereof responsible for the administration of the obligations of such Person in respect of this Agreement, and, as to any document delivered on the Closing Date, shall include any secretary or assistant secretary or any other individual or similar official thereof with substantially equivalent responsibilities of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer on behalf of any Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party, and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(b)(iv) . 
 Restricted Debt Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(b) . 
 Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution on account of any shares of any class of the Capital Stock of the Borrower, except a dividend payable solely in shares of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower to the holders of such class (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value of any shares of any class of the Capital Stock of the Borrower and (c) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of the Capital Stock of the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any subsidiary of such Person that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unless otherwise specified, Restricted Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple SOFR. 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. 
 Sanctioned Person means a person that is (i) the subject of Sanctions, (ii) located in or organized under the laws of a country or territory which is the subject of country- or territory-wide Sanctions (including without limitation Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or the Crimea region), (iii) ordinarily a resident in a country or territory which is the subject of country- or territory-wide Sanctions (including without limitation Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or the Crimea region), or (iv) majority-owned or, as relevant under applicable Sanctions, controlled by any of the foregoing. 
 Sanctions means those trade, economic and financial sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes, and restrictive measures (in each case having the force of law) administered, enacted or enforced from time to time by the United States (including without limitation the Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control) or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of its functions. 
 Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2020, among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date means May 20, 2020. 
 50 

Secured Hedging Obligations means all Hedging Obligations (other than any Excluded Swap Obligations) under each Hedge Agreement that (a) is in effect on the Closing Date between any Loan Party and a counterparty that is the Administrative Agent, a Lender, an Arranger or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Arranger as of the Closing Date, (b) is entered into after the Closing Date between any Loan Party and any counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Arranger, any First Amendment Arranger (as defined in the First Amendment), any Second Amendment Arranger (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, any Fourth Amendment Arranger, any Fifth Amendment Arranger or , any Sixth Amendment Arranger or any Seventh Amendment Arranger at the time such Hedge Agreement is entered into or (c) is in effect on the Closing Date or entered into after the Closing Date by any Loan Party with any counterparty that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent designated as a Secured Hedge Bank by written notice executed by the Borrower and such counterparty to the Administrative Agent in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in each case, for which such Loan Party agrees to provide security and in each case that has been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing by the Borrower as being a Secured Hedging Obligation for purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (x) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (y) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article 8 , Section 9.03 and Section 9.10 as if it were a Lender. 
 Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with all Secured Hedging Obligations. 
 Secured Parties means (i) the Lenders, (ii) the Administrative Agent, (iii) each counterparty to a Hedge Agreement with a Loan Party the obligations under which constitute Secured Hedging Obligations, (iv) the Arrangers, the First Amendment Arrangers (as defined in the First Amendment), the Second Amendment Arrangers (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, the Fourth Amendment Arrangers, the Fifth Amendment Arrangers and , the Sixth Amendment Arrangers and the Seventh Amendment Arrangers, and (v) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 Securities means any stock, shares, units, partnership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing provided that Securities shall not include any earn-out agreement or obligation or any employee bonus or other incentive compensation plan or agreement. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 
 Securitization Assets means the accounts receivable, royalty or other revenue streams and other rights to payment subject to a Qualified Securitization Financing and the proceeds thereof. 
 Securitization Fees means distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Securitization Subsidiary in connection with, any Qualified Securitization Financing. 
 Securitization Financing means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may sell, convey or otherwise transfer to (a) a Securitization Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) or (b) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Securitization Subsidiary), or may grant a security interest in, any Securitization Assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto, including all collateral securing such Securitization Assets, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such Securitization 
 51 

Assets, proceeds of such Securitization Assets and other assets that are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving Securitization Assets. 
 Securitization Repurchase Obligation means any obligation of a seller of Securitization Assets in a Qualified Securitization Financing to repurchase Securitization Assets arising as a result of a breach of a Standard Securitization Undertaking, including as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, offset or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller. 
 Securitization Subsidiary means a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Borrower (or another Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Qualified Securitization Financing in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower makes an Investment and to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower transfers Securitization Assets and related assets) that engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of Securitization Assets of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, all proceeds thereof and all rights (contingent and other), collateral and other assets relating thereto, and any business or activities incidental or related to such business, and which is designated by the board of directors of the Borrower or such other Person (as provided below) as a Securitization Subsidiary and (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is recourse to or obligates the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, (b) with which none of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms which the Borrower reasonably believes to be no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Borrower and (c) to which none of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. Any such designation by the board of directors of the Borrower or such other Person shall be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a certified copy of the resolution of the board of directors of the Borrower or such other Person giving effect to such designation and a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions. 
 Security Agreement means the Pledge and Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit M , among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio means, at any date, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) Consolidated Senior Debt as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. 
 Seventh Amendment means that certain Seventh Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022, among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Seventh Amendment Arranger has the meaning assigned to such term in the Seventh Amendment. 
 Seventh Amendment Effective Date means November 4, 2022. 
 52 

Similar Business means any Person the majority of the revenues of which are derived from, or the majority of operations relate to, a business that would be permitted by Section 6.10 if the references to Restricted Subsidiaries in Section 6.10 were read to refer to such Person. 
 Sixth Amendment means that certain Sixth Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2022, among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Sixth Amendment Arranger has the meaning assigned to such term in the Sixth Amendment. 
 Sixth Amendment Effective Date means May 9, 2022. 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SPC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(e) . 
 Specified Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception. 
 Specified Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 3.01(a)(i) (solely with respect to the Loan Parties), 3.02 (as it relates to the due authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the enforceability thereof), 3.03(b)(i) , 3.08 , 3.12 , 3.14 (as it relates to the creation, validity and perfection of the security interests in the Collateral), 3.16, 3.17(a)(ii) , 3.17(b) and 3.17(c) (solely as it relates to the use of proceeds in violation of FCPA). 
 Sponsor means, collectively, The Blackstone Group L.P., its controlled Affiliates and funds managed or advised by any of them or any of their respective controlled Affiliates, in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, other than any portfolio company of the foregoing and other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 Standard Securitization Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower that are customary in a Securitization Financing. 
 Subject Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.10(f)(i) . 
 Subject Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii) . 
 Subject Person has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Consolidated Net Income. 
 53 

Subject Proceeds has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii) . 
 Subject Transaction means (a) the Transactions, (b) any Permitted Acquisition or any other acquisition, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or of a majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person (including (i) to the extent applicable, any Investment in (A) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s respective equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (B) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrower s or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary s ownership interest in such joint venture and (ii) and any transaction resulting in any Person that was not previously a Restricted Subsidiary becoming a Restricted Subsidiary or being merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary), in each case that is not prohibited by this Agreement, (c) any Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or Capital Stock of any subsidiary (or any business unit, line of business or division of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) not prohibited by this Agreement, (d) the designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 5.10 hereof, (e) any incurrence or repayment (or redemption, repurchase or other retirement) of Indebtedness and or (f) any other event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires pro forma compliance with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a pro forma basis. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other business entity of which more than 50 of the total voting power of stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons (whether directors, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof, in each case to the extent such entity s financial results are required to be included in such Person s consolidated financial statements under GAAP provided that in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interests in the nature of a qualifying share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding. Unless otherwise specified, Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means (x) on the Closing Date, each Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than any such Subsidiary that is an Excluded Subsidiary on the Closing Date) and (y) thereafter, each Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes a guarantor of the Secured Obligations pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including each Restricted Subsidiary that is a Discretionary Guarantor), in each case, until such time as the relevant Subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. 
 Successor Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.07(a) . 
 Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.23 . 
 Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Taxes means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term B-2 Lender means each Initial Term B-2 Lender and each Additional Term B-2 Lender. 
 Term B-2 Loan Commitments means the Initial Term B-2 Loan Commitments and the Additional Term B-2 Loan Commitments. 
 54 

Term B-2 Loans means the Initial Term B-2 Loans and the Additional Term B-2 Loans. 
 Term B-3 Loans means the Replacement Term B-3 Loans and the Incremental Term B-3 Loans provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Replacement Term B-3 Loans and the Incremental Term B-3 Loans shall be treated as a single Class of Term B-3 Loans under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Term B-4 Lender means any Lender with a Term B-4 Loan Commitment or an outstanding Term B-4 Loan. 
 Term B-4 Loan Commitments has the meaning assigned to such term in the Sixth Amendment means the Initial Term B-4 Loan Commitments and the Incremental Term B-4 Loan Commitments . 
 Term B-4 Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in the Sixth Amendment means the Initial Term B-4 Loans and the Incremental Term B-4 Loans . 
 Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term Commitment means any Initial Term Loan Commitment, any 2019 Replacement Term Loan Commitment, any 2019 Incremental Term Loan Commitment, any Additional 2019 Incremental Term Loan Commitment, any Term B-2 Loan Commitment, any Replacement Term B-3 Loan Commitment, any Incremental Term B-3 Loan Commitment, any Term B-4 Loan Commitment and any other Additional Term Loan Commitment. 
 Term Facility means the Term Loans provided to or for the benefit of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 Term Lender means any Initial Term Lender, any 2019 Replacement Term Lender, any 2019 Incremental Term Lender, any Additional 2019 Incremental Term Lender, any Term B-2 Lender, any Replacement Term B-3 Lender, any Incremental Term B-3 Lender, any Term B-4 Lender and any other Additional Term Lender. 
 Term Loan means the Initial Term Loans and, from and after the First Amendment Effective Date, the 2019 Replacement Term Loans and the 2019 Incremental Term Loans, and, from and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Term B-2 Loans, and, from and after the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Additional 2019 New Term Loans, and, from and after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the Replacement Term B-3 Loans and the Incremental Term B-3 Loans, and, from and after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, the Term B-4 Loans, and any other Additional Term Loans. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate . 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator provided that, in no event shall the Term SOFR Rate be less than the Floor. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on such Term SOFR 
 55 

Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Termination Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the lead-in to Article 5 . 
 Test Period means, as of any date, the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters then most recently ended for which financial statements under Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) , as applicable, have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered). 
 Third Amendment means that certain Third Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2020, among the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Third Amendment Arranger has the meaning assigned to such term in the Third Amendment. 
 Third Amendment Effective Date means June 11, 2020. 
 Threshold Amount means, at any date, the greater of (i) 50,000,000 and (ii) 0.35 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. 
 Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio means, at any date, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) Consolidated Total Debt as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. 
 Trademark means the following (a) all trademarks (including service marks), common law marks, trade names, trade dress, domain names and logos, slogans and other indicia of origin under the Requirements of Law of any jurisdiction in the world, and the registrations and applications for registration thereof and the goodwill of the business symbolized by the foregoing (b) all renewals of the foregoing (c) all income, royalties, damages, and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages, claims, and payments for past and future infringements, dilutions or violations thereof (d) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements, dilutions or violations of the foregoing, including the right to settle suits involving claims and demands for royalties owing and (e) all domestic rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 Transaction Costs means fees, premiums, expenses and other transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by the Borrower and or its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions and the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 Transactions means, collectively, (a) the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of the Loan Documents to which they are a party and the Borrowing of Loans hereunder on the Closing Date and (b) the payment of the Transaction Costs. 
 Treasury Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(viii) . 
 Treasury Regulations means the U.S. federal income tax regulations promulgated under the Code. 
 Trust Account means any accounts used solely to hold Trust Funds. 
 Trust Funds means, to the extent segregated from other assets of the Loan Parties in a segregated account that contains amounts comprised solely and exclusively of such Trust Funds, cash, 
 56 

cash equivalents or other assets comprised solely of (a) funds used for payroll and payroll taxes and other employee benefit payments to or for the benefit of such Loan Party s employees, (b) all taxes required to be collected, remitted or withheld (including, without limitation, federal and state withholding taxes) and (c) any other funds which the Loan Parties hold in trust or as an escrow or fiduciary for another person, which is not a Loan Party or a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, Daily Simple SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the creation or perfection of security interests. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is listed on Schedule 5.10 hereto or designated by the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.10 . 
 U.S. means the United States of America. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Lender means any Lender that is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.23 . 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f) . 
 USA PATRIOT Act means The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required scheduled payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness provided that the effects of any Prepayments made on such Indebtedness shall be disregarded in making such calculation. 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of any Person means a direct or indirect subsidiary of such Person, 100 of the Capital Stock or other ownership interests of which (other than directors qualifying shares or shares required by Requirements of Law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 Withdrawal Liability means the liability to any Multiemployer Plan as the result of a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 57 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , an Initial Term Loan or by Type e.g. , a LIBO Rate Loan , a Term Benchmark Loan or an ABR Loan or by Class and Type e.g. , a LIBO Rate Initial Term Loan or a Term Benchmark Term B-4 Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Term Loan Borrowing or by Type e.g. , a LIBO Rate Borrowing or by Class and Type e.g. , a LIBO Rate Initial Term Loan Borrowing ). 
 Section 1.03. Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein or in any Loan Document (including any Loan Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or extended, replaced or refinanced (subject to any restrictions or qualifications on such amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, supplements or modifications or extensions, replacements or refinancings set forth herein), (b) any reference to any Requirement of Law in any Loan Document shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Requirement of Law, (c) any reference herein or in any Loan Document to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and permitted assigns, (d) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein or in any Loan Document to Articles, Sections, clauses, paragraphs, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, clauses and paragraphs of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, such Loan Document, (f) in the computation of periods of time in any Loan Document from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including, the words to and until mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including and (g) the words asset and property, when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including Cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP . 
 (a) All financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting nature that are used in calculating the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio, the Senior Debt to Totals Assets Ratio or Consolidated Total Assets shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that 
 (i) if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date of delivery of the financial statements described in Section 3.04(a) in GAAP or in the application thereof (including the conversion to IFRS as described below) on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change becomes effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision shall have been amended in accordance herewith provided , further , that if such an amendment is requested by the Borrower or the Required Lenders, then the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall negotiate in good faith to enter into an amendment of the relevant affected provisions (without the 
 58 

payment of any amendment or similar fee to the Lenders) to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP or the application thereof 
 (ii) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (A) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein and (B) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof and 
 (iii) if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower is required to report under IFRS or has elected to do so through an early adoption policy, GAAP shall mean international financial reporting standards pursuant to IFRS and after such conversion, the Borrower cannot elect to report under GAAP. 
 (b) Reserved . 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in paragraph (a) above or in the definition of Finance Lease, regardless of GAAP as in effect at any applicable time, only those leases (assuming for purposes hereof that such leases were in existence on the date hereof) that would constitute Finance Leases in conformity with GAAP as in effect on January 1, 2018 shall be considered Finance Leases, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance therewith. 
 Section 1.05. Reserved . 
 Section 1.06. Timing of Payment of Performance . When payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest Period or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 
 Section 1.07. Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified herein, all references herein to times of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 Section 1.08. Currency Equivalents Generally . 
 (a) With respect to amounts denominated in currencies other than Dollars 
 (i) For purposes of any determination under Article 1 , Article 5 , Article 6 (other than Section 6.13(a) and the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action hereunder) or Article 7 with respect to the amount of any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition, Affiliate transaction or other transaction, event or circumstance, or any determination under any other provision of this Agreement (any of the foregoing, a specified transaction ), in a currency other than Dollars, the Dollar Equivalent amount of a specified transaction in a currency other than Dollars shall be determined by the Borrower in good faith provided , that (A) if any Indebtedness is incurred (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) to refinance or replace other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than Dollars, and the relevant refinancing or replacement would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if the Dollar Equivalent thereof were determined on the date of such refinancing or replacement, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing or 
 59 

replacement Indebtedness (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) does not exceed an amount sufficient to repay the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced or replaced, except by an amount equal to (x) unpaid accrued interest, penalties and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus reasonable and customary fees and expenses (including upfront fees and original issue discount) incurred in connection with such refinancing or replacement and the Indebtedness being refinanced or replaced, (y) any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (z) additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 , and (B) for the avoidance of doubt, no Default or Event of Default shall occur or be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in the rate of currency exchange occurring after the time of any specified transaction so long as such specified transaction was permitted at the time incurred, made, acquired, committed, entered or declared as set forth above. 
 (ii) For purposes of Section 6.13(a) and the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action hereunder, on any relevant date of determination, amounts denominated in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the applicable rate of currency exchange used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) or (b) (or, prior to the first such delivery, the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 ), as applicable, for the relevant Test Period and will, with respect to any Indebtedness, reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of any Hedge Agreement permitted hereunder in respect of currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination for the Dollar Equivalent amount of such Indebtedness. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, to the extent that the Borrower would not be in compliance with Section 6.13(a) if any Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than Dollars were to be translated into Dollars on the basis of the applicable rate of currency exchange used in preparing the financial statements for the relevant Test Period, but would be in compliance with Section 6.13(a) if such Indebtedness that is denominated in a currency other than in Dollars were instead translated into Dollars on the basis of the average relevant rate of currency exchange over such Test Period (taking into account the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of any Hedge Agreement permitted hereunder in respect of currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination for the Dollar Equivalent amount of such Indebtedness), then, solely for purposes of compliance with Section 6.13(a) , the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio as of the last day of such Test Period shall be calculated on the basis of such average relevant rate of currency exchange. 
 (b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to appropriately reflect a change in currency of any country and any relevant market convention or practice relating to such change in currency. 
 Section 1.09. Cashless Rollovers . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, to the extent that any Lender extends the maturity date of, or replaces, renews or refinances, any of its then-existing Loans with Incremental Term Loans, Replacement Term Loans, Extended Term Loans or loans incurred under a new credit facility, in each case, to the extent such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing is effected by means of a cashless roll by such Lender, such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing shall be deemed to comply with any requirement hereunder or any other Loan Document that such payment be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, in Cash or any other similar requirement. 
 Section 1.10. Certain Calculations and Tests . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but subject to this Section 1.10 , all financial ratios and tests (including the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio, the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Total Assets and the component definitions of any of the foregoing) contained in this Agreement shall be calculated with respect to any applicable Test Period to give effect to all Subject Transactions on a Pro Forma Basis that occurred on or after the first day of such Test Period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio or test (which may 
 60 

be after the end of such Test Period) provided , that solely for purposes of calculating quarterly compliance with Section 6.13(a) , no Subject Transaction occurring after the last day of the Test Period shall be taken into account or given pro forma effect. 
 (b) With respect to any Limited Condition Transaction, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement 
 (i) To the extent that the terms of this Agreement require (A) the making or accuracy of any representations and warranties (other than in connection with any acquisition or similar Investment, the Specified Representations as related thereto), (B) compliance with any Financial Incurrence Test (including, without limitation, Section 6.13(a) hereof, any Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio test or any Senior Debt to Totals Assets Ratio test), and or any Basket expressed as a percentage of Consolidated Total Assets, (C) the absence of a Default or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default), (D) compliance with, or determination of availability under, any Basket (including any categories (or subcategories) or items (or sub-items) under Section 2.22 , 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.04 , 6.06 , 6.07 or 6.09 or any applicable defined terms used in any of the foregoing, including any measured as a percentage of Consolidated Total Assets) or (E) compliance with, or satisfaction of, any other condition or requirement, in each case, in connection with any Limited Condition Transactions (or any actions and transactions in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction (including the incurrence of any Indebtedness (and related Liens) pursuant to Sections 2.22 and 6.01 )) and any actions or transactions related thereto, determination of whether the relevant conditions or requirement described in subclauses (A) through (E) above (the LCT Requirements are satisfied or complied with may be made, at the election of the Borrower (an LCT Election ), on the date (the LCT Test Date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Transaction is entered into (or, if applicable, the date of delivery of irrevocable notice (which may be conditional or subject to deferral) with respect to Indebtedness or declaration of a Restricted Payment). 
 (ii) If, after giving effect to the Limited Condition Transaction (any related actions and transactions, including the incurrence of any Indebtedness (and related Liens) pursuant to Sections 2.22 and 6.01 and the use of proceeds thereof and related Subject Transactions) and any related pro forma adjustments on a Pro Forma Basis, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries would have been permitted to take such actions or consummate such Limited Condition Transaction (and all related actions and transactions) on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with any applicable LCT Requirements, all applicable LCT Requirements shall be deemed to have been complied with (or satisfied) for all purposes and the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries may consummate such Limited Condition Transaction and take or consummate all related actions and transactions at any time subsequent to the LCT Test Date regardless of whether any LCT Requirement determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date would at any time subsequent to such LCT Test Date fail to be complied with or satisfied for any reason whatsoever (including due to the occurrence or existence of any event, fact or circumstance), and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred as a result of the consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction and taking or consummation of all related actions and transactions. 
 (iii) If internal financial statements of the Borrower of the type described in Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) , as applicable, are available (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) or such financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) , as applicable, (a) the Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion, to re-determine compliance with, or satisfaction of, all applicable LCT Requirements on the basis of such financial statements, in which case, such date of re-determination shall thereafter be deemed to be the applicable LCT Test Date for purposes of such ratios, tests or baskets, and (b) except as contemplated in the foregoing clause (a) , compliance with such ratios, tests or baskets (and any related requirements and conditions) shall not be determined or tested at any time after the applicable LCT Test Date. 
 61 

(iv) In calculating the availability under any ratio, test, basket, cap or threshold in connection with any action or transaction unrelated to such Limited Condition Transaction (including any other Limited Condition Transaction and related actions and transactions) following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement, the notice redemption, purchase or repayment or the declaration for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated, expires, passes or is revoked, as applicable, without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such ratio, test, basket, cap or threshold shall be determined or tested giving pro forma effect to such Limited Condition Transaction (and related actions and transactions). 
 (c) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, Section 6.13(a) hereof, any Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio test, any Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio test and or the amount of Consolidated Total Assets), such financial ratio or test shall be calculated at the time such action is taken (subject to clause (b) above), such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall occur or be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such financial ratio or test occurring after such calculation. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any Loan Document to the contrary, in calculating any Non-Fixed Basket any (x) Indebtedness incurred to fund original issue discount and or upfront fees with respect to Indebtedness incurred under an applicable Non-Fixed Basket or in a concurrent transaction, a single transaction or a series of related transactions with the amount incurred, or transaction entered into or consummated, under an applicable Non-Fixed Basket and (y) any amounts incurred, or transactions entered into or consummated, in reliance on a Fixed Basket (including the Free and Clear Incremental Amount) in a concurrent transaction, a single transaction or a series of related transactions with the amount incurred, or transaction entered into or consummated, under an applicable Non-Fixed Basket, in each case of the foregoing clauses (x) and (y), shall be disregarded in the calculation of such Non-Fixed Basket. For all purposes hereunder, (i) Fixed Basket shall mean any Basket that is subject to a fixed-dollar limit (including Baskets based on a percentage of Consolidated Total Assets), (ii) Non-Fixed Basket shall mean any Basket that is subject to compliance with a financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, the Financial Covenant, the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio and the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio) (any such ratio or test, a Financial Incurrence Test and (iii) Basket means any amount, threshold, exception or value (including by reference to the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio, the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio or Consolidated Total Assets) permitted or prescribed with respect to any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility, Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Burdensome Agreement, Investment, Disposition, Affiliate transaction or any transaction, action, judgment or amount under any provision in this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (e) The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security constituting Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the Borrower dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP. The increase in amounts secured by Liens by virtue of accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness, amortization of original issue discount and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Liens for purposes of Section 6.02 . 
 (f) For purposes of determining at any time compliance with, or availability under, Section 2.22 , 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.04 , 6.06 , 6.07 or 6.09 (including any applicable defined terms used therein) 
 (i) In the event that any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility, Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition, Affiliate transaction or and any related transactions, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one of the Baskets (including, without limitation, sub-clauses, sub-categories or sub-items) permitted pursuant to any clause of such Sections 2.22 , 6.01 (other than Sections 6.01(a) with respect to the Initial Term Loans incurred on the Closing Date), 
 62 

6.02 (other than Section 6.02(a) to the extent securing Initial Term Loans incurred on the Closing Date), 6.04 , 6.06 , 6.07 or 6.09 or in any defined term used in any of the foregoing, in each case, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, may, at any time and from time to time, divide, classify or reclassify such transaction or item (or portion thereof) under one or more Baskets of each such Section (and or applicable defined terms) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in any one applicable Basket thereof provided that, upon delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) following the initial incurrence of any portion of any Indebtedness (such portion of Indebtedness, the Subject Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.01 (other than Section 6.01(a) with respect to the Initial Term Loans incurred on the Closing Date) or, with respect to any Incremental Facility, Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Equivalent Debt, incurred under the Non-Ratio Based Incremental Amount, if any such Subject Indebtedness could have been incurred under the Ratio Based Incremental Amount under the Incremental Cap, such Subject Indebtedness shall, unless otherwise elected by the Borrower, automatically be reclassified as incurred under the Ratio Based Incremental Amount (as provided in clause (iii) of the proviso in the definition of Incremental Cap ). 
 (ii) It is understood and agreed that (A) any Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility, Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Burdensome Agreement, Investment, Disposition, Affiliate transaction and any related transactions need not be permitted solely by reference to one category (or subcategory) or item (or sub-item) under Sections 2.22 , 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.04 , 6.05 , 6.06 , 6.07 or 6.09 , respectively, or in any applicable defined terms used in any of the foregoing, but may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof within the applicable Section and or applicable defined terms and of any other available Basket and (B) the Borrower (x) shall in its sole discretion determine under which Baskets (including sub-categories and sub-items) such Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility, Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Burdensome Agreement, Investment, Disposition, Affiliate transaction and any related transactions (or, in each case, any portion thereof), as applicable, is permitted and (y) shall be permitted from time to time, in its sole discretion, to make any redetermination and or to divide, re-divide, classify or reclassify under which Baskets (including sub-categories and sub-items) such Indebtedness (including any Incremental Facility, Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Equivalent Debt), Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Burdensome Agreement, Investment, Disposition, Affiliate transaction and any related transaction is permitted, including reclassifying any utilization of Fixed Baskets as incurred under any available Non-Fixed Baskets, in each case, within the applicable Section and or applicable defined terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if the applicable date for meeting any requirement hereunder or under any other Loan Document falls on a day that is not a Business Day, compliance with such requirement shall not be required until noon on the first Business Day following such applicable date and if any such test would be satisfied in any subsequent fiscal quarter following the relevant date of determination, then such reclassification shall be deemed to have automatically occurred at such time. For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of any Lien, Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock, Disposition, Investment, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Burdensome Agreement, Affiliate transaction or other transaction, action, judgment or amount that shall be allocated to each such Basket shall be determined by the Borrower at the time of such division, classification, re-division or re-classification, as applicable. 
 (g) With respect to Designated Revolving Commitments (to the extent loans funded under such Designated Revolving Commitments would constitute Indebtedness) (including Designated Revolving Commitments established as Incremental Equivalent Debt) (i) except for purposes of determining the Net Proceeds Percentage and determining actual compliance with Section 6.13(a) , such Designated Revolving Commitments will be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness on the date of the establishment thereof and will be deemed outstanding for purposes of calculating the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio, the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio and the availability of any baskets hereunder and (ii) commencing on the date such Designated Revolving Commitments are established after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of the entire committed amount of the Indebtedness thereunder (but without netting any cash proceeds thereof), and so long as such incurrence is permitted hereunder on such date of 
 63 

establishment, such committed amount under such Designated Revolving Commitments may thereafter be borrowed (and reborrowed, if applicable), in whole or in part, from time to time, without further compliance with any basket or financial ratio or test under this Agreement. 
 (h) Interest on a Finance Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Financial Officer of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Finance Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. 
 Section 1.11. Interest Rates Benchmark Notification . This Section applies solely with respect to the Term B-4 Loans. The interest rate on a Term B-4 Loan may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.14(e) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, with respect to the Term B-4 Loans, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement with respect to the Term B-4 Loans, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement with respect to the Term B-4 Loans or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement with respect to the Term B-4 Loans, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 ARTICLE 2 THE CREDITS 
 Section 2.01. Commitments . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Initial Term Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make an Initial Term Loan to the Borrower on the Closing Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Initial Term Loan Commitment. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of the Initial Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 
 (b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Refinancing Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment, each Lender with an Additional Commitment of a given Class, severally and not jointly, agrees to make Additional Term Loans of such Class to the Borrower, which Loans shall not exceed for any such Lender at the time of any incurrence thereof the Additional Commitment of such Class of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Refinancing Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment. 
 (c) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the First Amendment, each 2019 Replacement Term Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make a 2019 Replacement Term Loan to the Borrower on the First Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its 2019 Replacement Term Loan Commitment. Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the First Amendment, each 2019 Incremental Term Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make a 2019 Incremental Term Loan to the Borrower on the First Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its 2019 Incremental Term Loan Commitment. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect 
 64 

of the 2019 Incremental Term Loans and 2019 Replacement Term Loans may not be reborrowed. For the avoidance of doubt, the 2019 Replacement Term Loans and 2019 Incremental Term Loans shall constitute, and shall be treated as, a single Class of 2019 New Term Loans and Term Loans under the Loan Documents. 
 (d) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Second Amendment, each Initial Term B-2 Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make an Initial Term B-2 Loan to the Borrower on the Second Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Initial Term B-2 Loan Commitment. 
 (e) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Third Amendment, each Additional Term B-2 Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make an Additional Term B-2 Loan to the Borrower on the Third Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Additional Term B-2 Loan Commitment. Each Additional Term B-2 Loan shall initially take the form of a pro rata increase in each outstanding Borrowing of Initial Term B-2 Loans on the Third Amendment Effective Date. 
 (f) Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of the Term B-2 Loans may not be reborrowed. For the avoidance of doubt, (x) the Term B-2 Loans shall constitute, and shall be treated as, a separate Class of Term Loans from the 2019 New Term Loans under the Loan Documents and (y) the Initial Term B-2 Loans and the Additional Term B-2 Loans shall constitute, and shall be treated as, forming parts of the same Class of Term Loans under the Loan Documents. 
 (g) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Fourth Amendment, each Additional 2019 Incremental Term Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make an Additional 2019 New Term Loan to the Borrower on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Additional 2019 Incremental Term Loan Commitment. Each Additional 2019 New Term Loan shall initially take the form of a pro rata increase in each outstanding Borrowing of 2019 New Term Loans on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of the Additional 2019 New Term Loans may not be reborrowed. For the avoidance of doubt, the Additional 2019 New Term Loans shall constitute 2019 New Term Loans under the Loan Documents, and shall be treated as forming a single Class of Term Loans with the 2019 New Term Loans outstanding on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date immediately prior to giving effect to the Fourth Amendment. 
 (h) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Fifth Amendment, each Replacement Term B-3 Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make a Replacement Term B-3 Loan to the Borrower on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Replacement Term B-3 Loan Commitment. Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Fifth Amendment, each Incremental Term B-3 Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make an Incremental Term B-3 Loan to the Borrower on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Incremental Term B-3 Loan Commitment. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of the Incremental Term B-3 Loans and Replacement Term B-3 Loans may not be reborrowed. For the avoidance of doubt, the Replacement Term B-3 Loans and the Incremental Term B-3 Loans shall constitute, and shall be treated as, a single Class of Term B-3 Loans and Term Loans under the Loan Documents. 
 (i) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Sixth Amendment, each Term B-4 Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make a an Initial Term B-4 Loan to the Borrower on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its Initial Term B-4 Loan Commitment. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of the Term B-4 Loans may not be reborrowed. For the avoidance of doubt, the Term B-4 Loans shall constitute, and shall be treated as, a separate Class of Term Loans from the 2019 New Term Loans and the Term B-3 Loans under the Loan Documents. 
 (j) Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Seventh Amendment, each Incremental Term B-4 Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make an Incremental Term B-4 Loan to the Borrower on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date in Dollars in a principal amount not to exceed its 
 65 

Incremental Term B-4 Loan Commitment. Each Incremental Term B-4 Loan shall initially take the form of a pro rata increase in each outstanding Borrowing of Initial Term B-4 Loans on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Incremental Term B-4 Loans shall constitute Term B-4 Loans under the Loan Documents, and shall be treated as forming a single Class of Term Loans with the Initial Term B-4 Loans outstanding on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date immediately prior to giving effect to the Seventh Amendment. 
 Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings . 
 (a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.14 , each Borrowing of 2019 New Term Loans and Term B-3 Loans shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or LIBO Rate Loans, and each Borrowing of Term B-4 Loans shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Term Benchmark Loans, in each case, as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any LIBO Rate Loan, Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan provided that (i) any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) such Loan shall be deemed to have been made and held by such Lender, and the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan shall nevertheless be to such Lender for the account of such domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender and (iii) in exercising such option, such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to minimize increased costs to the Borrower resulting therefrom (which obligation of such Lender shall not require it to take, or refrain from taking, actions that it determines would result in increased costs for which it will not be compensated hereunder or that it otherwise determines would be disadvantageous to it and in the event of such request for costs for which compensation is provided under this Agreement, the provisions of Section 2.15 shall apply) provided , further , that no such domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender shall be entitled to any greater indemnification under Section 2.17 in respect of any U.S. federal withholding tax with respect to such Loan than that to which the applicable Lender was entitled on the date on which such Loan was made (except in connection with any indemnification entitlement arising as a result of any Change in Law after the date on which such Loan was made). 
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term Benchmark Borrowing, such Borrowing shall comprise an aggregate principal amount that is an integral multiple of 50,000 and not less than 250,000. Each ABR Borrowing or RFR Borrowing when made shall be in a minimum principal amount of 50,000 and in an integral multiple of 50,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of six different Interest Periods in effect for LIBO Rate Borrowings at any time outstanding or more than a total of six Term Benchmark Borrowings or RFR Borrowings at any time outstanding (in each case, or such greater number as the Administrative Agent may agree from time to time). 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it be entitled to, request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date applicable to the relevant Loans. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and except as otherwise set forth in Section 2.14 , there shall be no RFR Loans or RFR Borrowings prior to there being a Benchmark Transition Event that results in Daily Simple SOFR being the Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.14(e) for Borrowings of Term B-4 Loans. 
 Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings . Each Term Loan Borrowing, each conversion of Term Loans from one Type to another, and each continuation of LIBO Rate Loans or Term Benchmark Loans shall be made upon irrevocable notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent provided that notices in respect of Term Loan Borrowings to be made in connection with any acquisition, investment or irrevocable repayment or redemption of Indebtedness may be conditioned on the closing of such 
 66 

Permitted Acquisition, permitted Investment or permitted irrevocable repayment or redemption of Indebtedness). Each such notice must be in the form of a written Borrowing Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and must be received by the Administrative Agent (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tif )) not later than (i) 1 00 p.m. three Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing, conversion or continuation of LIBO Rate Loans (or one Business Day in the case of any Borrowing of LIBO Rate Loans to be made on the Closing Date) or Term Benchmark Loans, (ii) 1 00 p.m. on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Loans and (iii) 11 00 a.m. five Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing of RFR Loans (or, in each case, such later time as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) provided , however , that if the Borrower wishes to request LIBO Rate Loans having an Interest Period of other than one, two, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from the Borrower must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. four Business Days prior to the requested date of the relevant Borrowing (or such later time as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), conversion or continuation, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the appropriate Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is available to them and (B) not later than 12 00 noon three Business Days before the requested date of the relevant Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower whether or not the requested Interest Period is available to the appropriate Lenders. 
 If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term Benchmark Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. The Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details and amount of any Loan to be made as part of the relevant requested Borrowing (x) in the case of any ABR Borrowing, on the same Business Day of receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section or (y) in the case of any LIBO Rate Borrowing, Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing, no later than one Business Day following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section . 
 Section 2.04. Reserved . 
 Section 2.05. Reserved . 
 Section 2.06. Reserved . 
 Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings . 
 (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder not later than (i) 1 00 p.m., in the case of LIBO Rate Loans, Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans, and (ii) 2 00 p.m., in the case of ABR Loans (or, in the case of ABR Loans requested after 11 00 a.m. but before 1 00 p.m. on the date of the applicable Borrowing, 4 00 p.m.), in each case on the Business Day specified in the applicable Borrowing Request by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders in an amount equal to such Lender s respective Applicable Percentage. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to the account designated in the relevant Borrowing Request or as otherwise directed by the Borrower. 
 (b) Unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from any Lender that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of any Borrowing prior to the proposed date of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if any Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand (without duplication) such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate 
 67 

and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Loans comprising such Borrowing at such time. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing and the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) shall cease. If the Borrower pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, the amount so paid shall constitute a repayment of such Borrowing by such amount. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or the Borrower or any other Loan Party may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 
 Section 2.08. Type Interest Elections . 
 (a) Each Borrowing shall initially be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of any LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, subject to the first sentence of Section 2.02(b) , the Borrower may elect to convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section . The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders based upon their Applicable Percentages and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section , the Borrower shall deliver an Interest Election Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, of the applicable election to the Administrative Agent provided that, in each case under this Section 2.08(b) , such Interest Election Request must be received by the Administrative Agent (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tif )) not later than (i) 1 00 p.m. three Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing, conversion or continuation of LIBO Rate Loans (or one Business Day in the case of any Borrowing of or conversion to LIBO Rate Loans in Dollars to be made on the Closing Date) or Term Benchmark Loans, (ii) 1 00 p.m. on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Loans and (iii) 11 00 a.m. five Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing of RFR Loans (or, in each case, such later time as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) provided , however , that if the Borrower wishes to request LIBO Rate Loans having an Interest Period of other than one, two, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from the Borrower must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. four Business Days prior to the requested date of the relevant Borrowing, conversion or continuation (or such later time as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the appropriate Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is available to them and (B) not later than 12 00 noon three Business Days before the requested date of the relevant Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower whether or not the requested Interest Period is available to the appropriate Lenders. 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a LIBO Rate Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (c) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (d) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a LIBO Rate Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, such Borrowing shall be converted at the end of such Interest Period to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if an Event of Default exists and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so 
 68 

notifies the Borrower, then, so long as such Event of Default exists (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a LIBO Rate Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each LIBO Rate Borrowing and each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the then-current Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 Section 2.09. Termination of Commitments . Unless previously terminated, (i) the Initial Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date, (ii) the 2019 Replacement Term Loan Commitments on the First Amendment Effective Date shall automatically terminate upon the making of the 2019 Replacement Term Loans on the First Amendment Effective Date, (iii) the 2019 Incremental Term Loan Commitments on the First Amendment Effective Date shall automatically terminate upon the making of the 2019 Incremental Term Loans on the First Amendment Effective Date, (iv) the Initial Term B-2 Loan Commitments on the Second Amendment Effective Date shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Initial Term B-2 Loans on the Second Amendment Effective Date, (v) the Additional Term B-2 Loan Commitments on the Third Amendment Effective Date shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Additional Term B-2 Loans on the Third Amendment Effective Date, (vi) the Additional 2019 Incremental Term Loan Commitments on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Additional 2019 New Term Loans on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, (vii) the Replacement Term B-3 Loan Commitments on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Replacement Term B-3 Loans on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, (viii) the Incremental Term B-3 Loan Commitments on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Incremental Term B-3 Loans on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, (ix) the Initial Term B-4 Loan Commitments on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Initial Term B-4 Loans on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date and , (x the Incremental Term B-4 Loan Commitments on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Incremental Term B-4 Loans on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date and (xi the Additional Term Loan Commitments of any Class shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Additional Term Loans of such Class and, if any such Additional Term Loan Commitment is not drawn on the date that such Additional Term Loan Commitment is required to be drawn pursuant to the applicable Refinancing Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment, the undrawn amount thereof shall automatically terminate. 
 Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) (i) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to repay the outstanding principal amount of the 2019 New Term Loans (including, for the avoidance of doubt, from and after the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Additional 2019 New Term Loans) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Lender (x) commencing March 31, 2021, on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December (each such date being referred to as a Loan Installment Date prior to the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, in each case in an amount equal to 0.253164557 of the principal amount of the 2019 New Term Loans outstanding on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date immediately after giving effect to the funding of the Additional 2019 New Term Loans (as such payments may be reduced from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.11 and repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(g) or increased as a result of any increase in the amount of such 2019 New Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22(a) ), and (y) on the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, in an amount equal to the remainder of the principal amount of the 2019 New Term Loans outstanding on such date, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of such payment. 
 (ii) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to repay the outstanding principal amount of the Term B-3 Loans to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Lender (x) commencing June 30, 2021, on each Loan Installment Date prior to the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, in each case in an amount equal to 0.25 of the original principal amount of the Term B-3 Loans (as such payments may be reduced from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.11 and repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(g) or increased as a result of any increase in the amount of such Term B-3 Loans pursuant to Section 2.22(a) ), and (y) on the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, in an amount equal to the remainder of the principal amount of the Term B-3 Loans 
 69 

outstanding on such date, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of such payment. 
 (iii) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to repay the outstanding principal amount of the Term B-4 Loans (including, for the avoidance of doubt, from and after the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, the Incremental Term B-4 Loans) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Lender (x) commencing September 30 December 31 , 2022, on each Loan Installment Date prior to the Maturity Date of the Term B-4 Loans, in each case in an amount equal to 0.25 0.25062656642 of the original principal amount of the Term B-4 Loans outstanding on the Seventh Amendment Effective Date immediately after giving effect to the funding of the Incremental Term B-4 Loans (as such payments may be reduced from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.11 and repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(g) or increased as a result of any increase in the amount of such Term B-4 Loans pursuant to Section 2.22(a) ), and (y) on the Maturity Date of the Term B-4 Loans, in an amount equal to the remainder of the principal amount of the Term B-4 Loans outstanding on such date, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of such payment. 
 (iv) The Borrower shall repay the Additional Term Loans of any Class in such scheduled amortization installments and on such date or dates as shall be specified therefor in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Incremental Facility Agreement or Extension Amendment (as such payments may be reduced from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.11 or repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(g) or increased as a result of any increase in the amount of such Additional Term Loans of such Class pursuant to Section 2.22(a) ). 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in accordance with Section 9.05(b)(iv) , and shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period (if any) applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein (absent manifest error) provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any manifest error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement provided , further , that in the event of any inconsistency between the accounts maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section and any Lender s records, the accounts of the Administrative Agent shall govern. 
 (e) Any Lender may request that any Loan made by it be evidenced by a Promissory Note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver a Promissory Note to such Lender payable to such Lender and its registered assigns it being understood and agreed that such Lender (and or its applicable assign) shall be required to return such Promissory Note to the Borrower in accordance with Section 9.05(b)(iii) and upon the occurrence of the Termination Date (or as promptly thereafter as practicable). If any Lender loses the original copy of its Promissory Note, it shall execute an affidavit of loss containing an indemnification provision reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower. 
 Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans . 
 (a) Optional Prepayments . 
 70 

(i) Upon prior notice in accordance with paragraph (a)(ii) of this Section , the Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing of Term Loans of one or more Classes (such Class or Classes to be selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion) in whole or in part without premium or penalty (but subject (A) in the case of Borrowings of Term B-4 Loans only, to Section 2.12(c) and (B) if applicable, to Section 2.16 ). Each such prepayment shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the relevant Class. 
 (ii) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any prepayment under this Section 2.11(a) (x) in the case of any prepayment of a LIBO Rate Borrowing or Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 2 00 p.m. three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (y) in the case of any prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 1 00 p.m. on the day of prepayment or (z) in the case of any prepayment of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m. five Business Days before the date of prepayment (or, in each case, such later time as to which the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree). Each such notice shall be irrevocable (except as set forth in the proviso to this sentence) and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof or each relevant Class to be prepaid provided that any notice of prepayment delivered by the Borrower may be conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to any Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the applicable Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount at least equal to the amount that would be permitted in the case of a Borrowing of the same Type and Class as provided in Section 2.02(c) , or such lesser amount that is then outstanding with respect to such Borrowing being repaid (and in increments of 100,000 in excess thereof or such lesser incremental amount that is then outstanding with respect to such Borrowing being repaid). Each prepayment of Term Loans shall be applied to the Class or Classes of Term Loans specified in the applicable prepayment notice and consistent with the requirements hereof, and each prepayment of Term Loans of such Class or Classes made pursuant to this Section 2.11(a) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled installments of principal due in respect of the Term Loans of such Class or Classes in the manner specified by the Borrower or, in the absence of any such specification on or prior to the date of the relevant optional prepayment, in direct order of maturity. 
 (b) Mandatory Prepayments . 
 (i) Reserved . 
 (ii) No later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of Net Proceeds in respect of any Prepayment Asset Sale or Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds, in each case, in excess of 15,000,000 in any Fiscal Year, the Borrower shall apply an amount equal to 100 (such percentage, as it may be reduced as described below, the Net Proceeds Percentage of the Net Proceeds or Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds received with respect thereto in excess of such threshold (collectively, the Subject Proceeds to prepay the outstanding principal amount of Term Loans then subject to prepayment requirements (the Subject Loans in accordance with clause (vi) below provided that (A) so long as the Borrower does not notify the Administrative Agent in writing prior to the date any such prepayment is required to be made that it does not intend to (I) reinvest (including to make capital expenditures) the Subject Proceeds in the business (other than Cash or Cash Equivalents) (including, without limitation, investments in CRE Finance Assets and Real Estate Investments) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, then, the Borrower shall not be required to make a mandatory prepayment under this clause (ii) in respect of the Subject Proceeds to the extent (x) the Subject Proceeds are so reinvested within 18 months following receipt thereof, or (y) the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has committed to so reinvest the Subject Proceeds during such 18 month period and the Subject Proceeds are so reinvested within 180 days after the expiration of such 18 month period (it being understood that if the Subject Proceeds have not been so reinvested prior to the expiration of the applicable period, the Borrower shall promptly prepay the Subject Loans with the amount of Subject Proceeds not so reinvested as set forth above in this clause (I)) provided that, with respect to this clause (I), at the Borrower s election by written notice to the Administrative Agent, expenditures and investments occurring prior to receipt of the relevant Subject Proceeds (and not otherwise applied in respect of any other prepayment required by this clause (ii) ), but after the definitive agreement governing 
 71 

the transaction from which such Subject Proceeds were generated was entered into, may be deemed to have been reinvested after receipt of such Subject Proceeds) or (II) apply the Subject Proceeds to prepay amounts outstanding under any (x) Asset Financing Facility secured directly or indirectly by CRE Finance Assets or any (y) CRE Financing, then, the Borrower shall not be required to make a mandatory prepayment under this clause (ii) in respect of the Subject Proceeds to the extent the Subject Proceeds are so applied within 18 months following receipt thereof (it being understood that if the Subject Proceeds have not been so applied prior to the expiration of the applicable period, the Borrower shall promptly prepay the Subject Loans with the amount of Subject Proceeds not so applied to repay such amounts as set forth above in this clause (II)) and (B) if, at the time that any such prepayment would be required hereunder, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is required to Prepay any other Indebtedness that is secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations by the documentation governing such other Indebtedness (such other Indebtedness, Other Applicable Indebtedness ), then the relevant Person may apply the Subject Proceeds on a pro rata basis to the prepayment of the Subject Loans and to the Prepayment of the Other Applicable Indebtedness (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Subject Loans and the Other Applicable Indebtedness (or accreted amount if such Other Applicable Indebtedness is issued with original issue discount) at such time) it being understood that (1) the portion of the Subject Proceeds allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of the Subject Proceeds required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of the Subject Proceeds shall be allocated to the Subject Loans in accordance with the terms hereof, and the amount of the prepayment of the Subject Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.11(b)(ii) shall be reduced accordingly and (2) to the extent the holders of the Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such Indebtedness Prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Subject Loans to the extent required in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.11(b)(ii) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the Net Proceeds Percentage shall be 50.0 if the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio for the Test Period most recently ended prior to the date of such required prepayment is less than or equal to 70.0 and greater than 64.5 (with the Net Proceeds Percentage being calculated after giving pro forma effect to such prepayment at a rate of 100.0 ), (y) the Net Proceeds Percentage shall be 25.0 if the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio for the Test Period most recently ended prior to the date of such required prepayment is less than or equal to 64.5 and greater than 60.0 (with the Net Proceeds Percentage being calculated after giving pro forma effect to such prepayment at a rate of 50.0 and (z) the Net Proceeds Percentage shall be 0.0 if the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio for the Test Period most recently ended prior to the date of such required prepayment is less than or equal to 60.0 (with the Net Proceeds Percentage being calculated after giving pro forma effect to such prepayment at a rate of 25.0 ). 
 (iii) In the event that the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries receives Net Proceeds from the issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness that is permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 , except to the extent the relevant Indebtedness constitutes (A) Refinancing Indebtedness (including Replacement Notes) incurred to refinance all or a portion of any Class of Term Loans pursuant to Section 6.01(p) , (B) Incremental Term Loans incurred to refinance all or a portion of any Class of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22 , (C) Replacement Term Loans incurred to refinance all or any portion of any Class of Term Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.02(c) and or (D) Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred to refinance all or a portion of any Class of Term Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.01(z) , in each case to the extent required by the terms hereof or thereof to prepay or offer to prepay such Indebtedness), the Borrower shall, promptly upon (and in any event not later than two Business Days thereafter) the receipt thereof of such Net Proceeds by the Borrower or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary, apply an amount equal to 100 of such Net Proceeds to prepay the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Class or Classes of Term Loans in accordance with clause (vi) below. 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.11(b) to the contrary 
 (A) the Borrower shall not be required to prepay any amount that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(ii) above to the extent that the relevant Prepayment Asset Sale is consummated by any Foreign Subsidiary or the relevant Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds are received by any Foreign Subsidiary, as the case may be, for so long as the repatriation to the Borrower of any such amount would be prohibited or delayed 
 72 

under any Requirement of Law or conflict with the fiduciary duties of such Foreign Subsidiary s directors, or result in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal, civil or criminal liability for any officer, director, employee, manager, member of management or consultant of such Foreign Subsidiary (it being agreed that, solely within 365 days following the event giving rise to the relevant Subject Proceeds, the Borrower shall take all commercially reasonable actions required by applicable Requirements of Law to permit such repatriation) (it being understood that if the repatriation of the relevant Subject Proceeds is permitted under the applicable Requirement of Law and, to the extent applicable, would no longer conflict with the fiduciary duties of such director, or result in, or be reasonably expected to result in, a material risk of personal, civil or criminal liability for the Persons described above, in either case, an amount equal to such Subject Proceeds will be promptly applied (net of additional Taxes that would be payable or reserved against as a result of repatriating such amounts) to the repayment of the applicable Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) to the extent required herein (without regard to this clause (iv) )), 
 (B) the Borrower shall not be required to prepay any amount that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(ii) to the extent that the relevant Subject Proceeds are received by any joint venture, in each case, solely with respect to any joint venture that is a Restricted Subsidiary, for so long as the distribution to the Borrower of such Subject Proceeds would be prohibited under the Organizational Documents governing such joint venture by any provision not entered into in contemplation of the Closing Date or of receipt of such Subject Proceeds it being understood that if the relevant prohibition ceases to exist, the relevant joint venture that is a Restricted Subsidiary will promptly distribute the relevant Subject Proceeds, and the distributed Subject Proceeds will be promptly (and in any event not later than two Business Days after such distribution) applied to the repayment of the applicable Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) to the extent required herein (without regard to this clause (iv) ), and 
 (C) to the extent that the relevant Prepayment Asset Sale is consummated by any Foreign Subsidiary or the relevant Net Insurance Condemnation Proceeds are received by any Foreign Subsidiary, if the Borrower determines in good faith that the repatriation (or other intercompany distribution) to the Borrower, directly or indirectly, from a Foreign Subsidiary as a distribution or dividend of any amounts required to mandatorily prepay the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(ii) above would result in a material adverse Tax liability (taking into account any withholding Tax) (the amount attributable to such Foreign Subsidiary, a Restricted Amount ), the amount that the Borrower shall be required to mandatorily prepay pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(ii) above, as applicable, shall be reduced by the Restricted Amount provided that to the extent that the repatriation (or other intercompany distribution) of the relevant Subject Proceeds, directly or indirectly, from the relevant Foreign Subsidiary would no longer have a material adverse tax consequence within the 365 day period following the event giving rise to the relevant Subject Proceeds, an amount equal to the Subject Proceeds to the extent available, and not previously applied pursuant to this clause (C), shall be promptly applied to the repayment of the applicable Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b) as otherwise required above 
 (v) Any Term Lender may elect, by notice to the Administrative Agent at or prior to the time and in the manner specified by the Administrative Agent, prior to any prepayment of Term Loans required to be made by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.11(b) , to decline all (but not a portion) of its Applicable Percentage of such prepayment (such declined amounts, the Declined Proceeds ), in which case such Declined Proceeds may be retained by the Borrower provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Lender may reject any prepayment made under Section 2.11(b)(iii) above to the extent that such prepayment is made with the Net Proceeds of (w) Refinancing Indebtedness (including Replacement Notes) incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 6.01(p) , (x) Incremental Term Loans incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22 , (y) Replacement Term Loans incurred to refinance all or any portion of the Term Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.02(c) , and or (z) Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.01(z) . If any Lender fails to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent of its election to decline receipt of its Applicable Percentage of any mandatory prepayment within the time frame specified by the Administrative Agent, 
 73 

such failure will be deemed to constitute an acceptance of such Lender s pro rata share of the total amount of such mandatory prepayment of Term Loans. 
 (vi) Except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or provided in, or intended with respect to, any Refinancing Amendment, any Incremental Facility Amendment or any Extension Amendment or the definitive documentation governing any Replacement Notes provided , that such Refinancing Amendment, Incremental Facility Amendment or Extension Amendment may not provide that the applicable Class of Term Loans receive a greater than pro rata portion of mandatory prepayments of Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) than would otherwise be permitted by this Agreement), in each case effectuated or issued in a manner consistent with this Agreement, each mandatory prepayment of applicable Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) shall be applied ratably to each Class and Type of Term Loans then outstanding which is pari passu with the 2019 New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans and or the Term B-4 Loans in right of payment and with respect to security provided that any prepayment of applicable Term Loans with the Net Proceeds of any Refinancing Indebtedness, Incremental Facility or Replacement Term Loans shall be applied to the applicable Class and Type of Term Loans being refinanced or replaced). With respect to each relevant Class and Type of Term Loans, all accepted prepayments under this Section 2.11(b) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled installments of principal due in respect of such Term Loans as directed by the Borrower (or, in the absence of direction from the Borrower, to the remaining scheduled amortization payments in respect of such Term Loans in direct order of maturity provided that such prepayments may not be directed to a later maturing Class of Term Loans without at least a pro rata repayment of any earlier maturing Classes of Term Loans), and each such prepayment shall be paid to the applicable Term Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentage of the applicable Class. 
 (vii) Prepayments made under this Section 2.11(b) shall be (A) accompanied by accrued interest as required by Section 2.13 , (B) subject to Section 2.16 and (C) in the case of prepayments of Term B-4 Loans under clause (iii) above that constitute a Repricing Transaction, subject to Section 2.12(c) , but shall otherwise be without premium or penalty. 
 Section 2.12. Fees . 
 (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the annual administration fee separately agreed in writing between the Borrower and JPMCB. 
 (b) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars and in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances except, as to the annual administration fee payable to the Administrative Agent, as otherwise provided in the written agreement referred to in clause (a) above. Fees payable hereunder shall accrue through and including the last day of the month immediately preceding the applicable fee payment date. 
 (c) In the event that, on or prior to the date that is six months after the Sixth Seventh Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower (i) prepays, repays, refinances, substitutes or replaces any Term B-4 Loans in connection with a Repricing Transaction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(iii) that constitutes a Repricing Transaction), or (ii) effects any amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent under, this Agreement resulting in a Repricing Transaction, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the applicable Term Lenders, (A) in the case of clause (i) , a premium of 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term B-4 Loans so prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced and (B) in the case of clause (ii) , a fee equal to 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term B-4 Loans that are the subject of such Repricing Transaction outstanding immediately prior to such amendment. If, on or prior to the date that is six months after the Sixth Seventh Amendment Effective Date, all or any portion of the Term B-4 Loans held by any Term Lender are prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced pursuant to Section 2.19(b)(iv) in connection with such Term Lender not agreeing or otherwise consenting to any waiver, consent, modification or amendment that constitutes, and which actually and directly results in, a Repricing Transaction, such prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution or replacement will be made at 101.00 of the principal amount so prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted 
 74 

or replaced. All such amounts shall be due and payable on the date of effectiveness of such Repricing Transaction. 
 (d) Unless otherwise indicated herein, all computations of fees shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and shall be payable for the actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Each determination by the Administrative Agent of a fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 Section 2.13. Interest . 
 (a) The Term Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b) The Term Loans comprising each LIBO Rate Borrowing shall bear interest at the LIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c) The Term Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Term SOFR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (d) The Term Loans comprising each RFR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing but in all cases subject to Section 9.05(f) , if any principal of or interest on any Term Loan or any fee payable by the Borrower hereunder is not, in each case, paid or reimbursed when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, the relevant overdue amount shall bear interest, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal or interest of any Term Loan, 2.00 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Term Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2.00 plus the rate applicable to Term Loans that are ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section provided that no amount shall accrue pursuant to this Section 2.13(e) on any overdue amount or other amount payable to a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 
 (f) Accrued interest on each Term Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Term Loan and on the Maturity Date applicable to such Loan provided that (A) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (B) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Term Loan, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (C) in the event of any conversion of any LIBO Rate Loan or Term Benchmark Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Term Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (g) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, LIBO Rate, Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall bear interest for one day. 
 Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest . (a) With respect to the 2019 New Term Loans and the Term B-3 Loans, if prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a LIBO Rate Borrowing 
 (i) the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Published LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable 
 75 

(including because the Published LIBO Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Period or 
 (ii) the Required Lenders reasonably determine (and have so advised the Administrative Agent) that the Published LIBO Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable, for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period 
 then the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, which the Administrative Agent agrees promptly to do, (A) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Borrowing of LIBO Rate Loans shall be ineffective and (B) if any Borrowing Request requests a Borrowing of LIBO Rate Loans, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then the other Type of Borrowings shall be permitted. 
 (b) If at any time the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (i) the circumstances set forth in clause (a)(i) have arisen and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or (ii) the circumstances set forth in clause (a)(i) have not arisen but either (w) the supervisor for the administrator of the Published LIBO Rate has made a public statement that the administrator of the Published LIBO Rate is insolvent (and there is no successor administrator that will continue publication of the Published LIBO Rate), (x) the administrator of the Published LIBO Rate has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the Published LIBO Rate will permanently or indefinitely cease to be published by it (and there is no successor administrator that will continue publication of the Published LIBO Rate), (y) the supervisor for the administrator of the Published LIBO Rate has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the Published LIBO Rate will permanently or indefinitely cease to be published or (z) the supervisor for the administrator of the Published LIBO Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the Published LIBO Rate may no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans, in each case, then (I) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall establish an alternate rate of interest to the LIBO Rate based on then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for syndicated loans in the United States at such time as a comparable successor to the LIBO Rate, and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement pursuant to this clause (I) to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable (but for the avoidance of doubt, such related changes shall not include a reduction of the Applicable Rate) or (II) if no such prevailing market convention for a comparable successor to the LIBO Rate exists at such time, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine a reasonable acceptable successor or alternative index rate (which rate shall be administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent), and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement pursuant to this clause (II) to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable (but for the avoidance of doubt, such related changes shall not include a reduction of the Applicable Rate) (provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 9.02 , such amendment pursuant to clause (I) or (II) above shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date notice of such alternate rate of interest is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that such Required Lenders object to such amendment) provided that, in each case, if such alternate rate of interest as so determined would be (x) less than 0.50 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.50 in the case of the Term B-3 Loans or (y) otherwise, less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for all other purposes of this Agreement. Until an alternate rate of interest shall be determined in accordance with this clause (b) (but, in the case of the circumstances described in clauses (ii)(w) , (x) or (y) of the first sentence of this Section 2.14(b) , only to the extent the Published LIBO Rate for such Interest Period is not available or published at such time on a current basis), (x) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Borrowing of LIBO Rate Loans shall be 
 76 

ineffective and (y) if any Borrowing Request requests a Borrowing of LIBO Rate Loans, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing. 
 (c) If at any time the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or the Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined that broadly syndicated loans in the United States arranged by the Administrative Agent or its affiliates and currently being executed are being executed or amended (as applicable), with the Administrative Agent as the administrative agent, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may enter into an amendment to replace the LIBO Rate with an alternate benchmark rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to the benchmark (if any) incorporated therein) and to make such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable (which rate shall be administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent), giving due consideration to any evolving or the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for such syndicated loans in the United States at such time as a comparable successor to the LIBO Rate (but for the avoidance of doubt, such related changes shall not include a reduction of the Applicable Rate) provided that, if such alternate rate of interest as so determined would be (x) less than 0.50 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.50 in the case of the Term B-3 Loans or (y) otherwise, less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for all other purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 9.02 , such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date notice of such alternate rate of interest is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. Until an alternate rate of interest shall be determined in accordance with this clause (c) (but only to the extent the Published LIBO Rate for such Interest Period is not available or published at such time on a current basis), (x) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Borrowing of LIBO Rate Loans shall be ineffective and (y) if any Borrowing Request requests a Borrowing of LIBO Rate Loans, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all references to Required Lenders in clauses (a) (c) of this Section 2.14 shall be determined as if the only Loans outstanding are the outstanding 2019 New Term Loans and Term B-3 Loans. 
 (d) With respect to the Term B-4 Loans, and subject to clauses (e) (i) of this Section 2.14 , if 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Term SOFR Rate (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Daily Simple SOFR or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders of the affected Classes that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03 , (1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any 
 77 

Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(d)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.14(d)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Borrowing Request for an ABR Borrowing. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(d) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03 , (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(d)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.14(d)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Hedge Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.14(e) ), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of the affected Classes. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (g) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (h) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to clauses (d) (i) of this Section 2.14 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to clauses (d) (i) of this Section 2.14 . 
 78 

(h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period with respect to the Term B-4 Loans for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (i) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to clauses (d) (i) of this Section 2.14 , (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan. 
 Section 2.15. Increased Costs . 
 (a) If any Change in Law 
 (i) imposes, modifies or deems applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the LIBO Rate) 
 (ii) subject any Lender to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes indemnifiable under Section 2.17 and (B) Excluded Taxes) on or with respect to its loans, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (iii) imposes on any Lender or the applicable offshore interbank market any other condition (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by any Lender 
 and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to the relevant Lender of making or maintaining any LIBO Rate Loan, Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of any LIBO Rate Loan, Term 
 79 

Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then, within 30 days after the Borrower s receipt of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this Section , the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered provided that the Borrower shall not be liable for such compensation if (x) the relevant Change in Law occurs on a date prior to the date such Lender becomes a party hereto, (y) such Lender invokes Section 2.20 or (z) in the case of requests for reimbursement under clause (iii) above resulting from a market disruption, (A) the relevant circumstances are not generally affecting the banking market or (B) the applicable request has not been made by Lenders constituting Required Lenders. 
 (b) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding liquidity or capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law other than due to Taxes (taking into consideration such Lender s policies of general applicability and the policies of general applicability of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then within 30 days of receipt by the Borrower of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this Section the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Any Lender requesting compensation under this Section 2.15 shall be required to deliver a certificate to the Borrower that (i) sets forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the holding company thereof, as applicable, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section , (ii) sets forth, in reasonable detail, the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined and (iii) certifies that such Lender is generally charging such amounts to similarly situated borrowers, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation provided , however that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor provided , further , that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments . (a) Subject to Section 9.05(f) , in the event of (a) the conversion or prepayment of any principal of any LIBO Rate Loan or Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration or otherwise), (b) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any LIBO Rate Loan or Term Benchmark Loan on the date or in the amount specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto or (c) the assignment of any LIBO Rate Loan or Term Benchmark Loan of any Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 , then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense actually incurred by such Lender that is attributable to such event (other than loss of profit). In the case of a LIBO Rate Loan or Term Benchmark Loan, the loss, cost or expense of any Lender (other than loss of profit) shall be the amount reasonably determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred at the LIBO Rate or Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, that would have been applicable to such Loan for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in Dollars of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the applicable interbank market it being understood that such loss, cost or expense shall in any case exclude any interest rate floor and all administrative, processing or similar fees. 
 80 

(b) Subject to Section 9.05(f) , in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration or otherwise), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date or in the amount specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto or (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 , then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. 
 (c) Any Lender requesting compensation under this Section 2.16 shall be required to deliver a certificate to the Borrower that (A) sets forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section , the basis therefor and, in reasonable detail, the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined and (B) certifies that such Lender is generally charging the relevant amounts to similarly situated borrowers, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. 
 Section 2.17. Taxes . 
 (a) All payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Requirements of Law. If any applicable Requirement of Law requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax in respect of any such payment, then (i) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax and or Other Tax, the amount payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all required deductions or withholdings have been made (including deductions or withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17 each Lender (or, in the case of any payment made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall make such deductions and (iii) the applicable withholding agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law. 
 (b) In addition, without duplication of other amounts payable by the Borrower under Section 2.17 , the Loan Parties shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law. 
 (c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender within 30 days after receipt of the certificate described in the succeeding sentence, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, other than any penalties determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or such Lender as applicable (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.17 ), and, in each case, any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not correctly or legally imposed or asserted, provided that if the Borrower reasonably believes that such Taxes were not correctly or legally asserted, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, will, at the request of the Borrower, use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to obtain a refund of such Taxes (which, if obtained, shall be repaid to the Borrower to the extent provided in Section 2.17(g) so long as such efforts would not, in the sole determination of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, result in any additional out-of-pocket costs or expenses not reimbursed by such Loan Party or be otherwise materially disadvantageous to the Administrative Agent or such Lender. In connection with any request for reimbursement under this Section 2.17(c) , the relevant Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall deliver a certificate to the Borrower setting forth, in reasonable detail, the basis and calculation of the amount of the relevant payment or liability. 
 (d) Reserved . 
 81 

(e) As soon as practicable after any payment of any Taxes pursuant to this Section 2.17 by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued, if any, by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (f) Status of Lenders . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of any withholding Tax with respect to any payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation as the Borrower or the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Loan Parties and to any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.17(f) . 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 (A) each U.S. Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such U.S. Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two executed original copies of IRS Form W-9 (or any successor forms) certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding 
 (B) each Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the U.S. is a party, two executed original copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor forms, as applicable), establishing any available exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax 
 (2) two executed original copies of IRS Form W-8ECI (or any successor forms) 
 (3) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code, (x) two executed original copies of a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit N-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and that no payments payable to such Lender are effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) two executed original copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor forms, as applicable) or 
 (4) to the extent any Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner (e.g., where the Foreign Lender is a partnership or participating Lender), two executed 
 82 

original copies of IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor forms), accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit N-2 , Exhibit N-3 or Exhibit N-4 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if such Foreign Lender is a partnership (and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit N-3 on behalf of each such direct or indirect partner(s) 
 (C) each Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two executed original copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation as is prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if a Lender is an entity disregarded from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, references to the foregoing documentation are intended to refer to documentation with respect to such Lender s owner and, as applicable, such Lender. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any documentation it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect (including any specific documentation required above in this Section 2.17(f) ), it shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent updated or other appropriate documentation (including any new documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.17(f) , no Lender shall be required to provide any documentation that such Lender is not legally eligible to deliver. 
 (g) If the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in its sole discretion, exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund (whether received in cash or applied as a credit against any cash taxes of the same type payable) of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17 , it shall pay over such refund to the Borrower (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or such Lender (including any Taxes imposed with respect to such refund), and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such 
 83 

refund) provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Loan Party plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g) , in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph (g) to the extent that the payment thereof would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the position that the Administrative Agent or such Lender would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 2.17 shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the relevant Loan Party or any other Person. 
 (h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (i) On or before the date the Administrative Agent becomes a party to this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall deliver to Borrower whichever of the following is applicable (i) if the Administrative Agent is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, two executed original copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Administrative Agent is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding or (ii) if the Administrative Agent is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, (A) with respect to payments received for its own account, two executed original copies of IRS Form W-8ECI and (B) with respect to payments received on account of any Lender, two executed original copies of IRS Form W-8IMY (together with all required accompanying documentation) certifying that the Administrative Agent is a U.S. branch and may be treated as a United States person for purposes of applicable U.S. federal withholding Tax. At any time thereafter, the Administrative Agent shall provide updated documentation previously provided (or a successor form thereto) when any documentation previously delivered has expired or become obsolete or invalid or otherwise upon the reasonable request of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.17(i) , the Administrative Agent shall not be required to provide any documentation that the Administrative Agent is not legally eligible to deliver as a result of a Change in Law after the Closing Date. 
 Section 2.18. Payments Generally Allocation of Proceeds Sharing of Payments . 
 (a) Unless otherwise specified, the Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 , or otherwise) prior to 3 00 p.m. on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent to the applicable account designated by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Person or Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.19(b) and 2.20 , each Borrowing, each payment or prepayment of principal of any Borrowing, each payment of interest on the Loans of a given Class and each conversion of any Borrowing to or continuation of any Borrowing as a Borrowing of any Type (and of the same Class) shall be allocated pro rata among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the applicable Class. Each Lender agrees that in computing such Lender s portion of any Borrowing to be made hereunder, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, round each Lender s percentage of such Borrowing to the next higher or lower whole Dollar amount. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars. Any payment required to be made by the Administrative Agent hereunder shall be deemed to have been made by the time required if the Administrative Agent shall, at or before such time, have taken 
 84 

the necessary steps to make such payment in accordance with the regulations or operating procedures of the clearing or settlement system used by the Administrative Agent to make such payment. 
 (b) Subject, if applicable, in all respects to the provisions of any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreements, all proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent while an Event of Default is continuing and all or any portion of the Loans have been accelerated hereunder pursuant to Section 7.01 , shall be applied, first , to the payment of all costs and expenses then due incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with any collection, sale or realization on Collateral or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the Secured Obligations, including all court costs and the fees and expenses of agents and legal counsel, the repayment of all advances made by the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document on behalf of any Loan Party and any other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document, second , on a pro rata basis, to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Administrative Agent (other than those covered in clause first above) from the Borrower constituting Secured Obligations, third , on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of the Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has yet been made) owed to the Secured Parties on the date of any such distribution, to the payment in full of the Secured Obligations, and fourth , to, or at the direction of, the Borrower or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. 
 (c) If any Lender obtains payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off or otherwise) in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans of any Class held by it resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans of such Class and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender with Loans of such Class, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for Cash at face value) participations in the Loans of such Class and of other Lenders of such Class at such time outstanding to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders of such Class ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans of such Class provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by any Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any permitted assignee or participant, including any payment made or deemed made in connection with Sections 2.22 , 2.23 , 9.02(c) and or Section 9.05 . The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Requirements of Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.18(c) and will, in each case, notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.18(c) shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. For purposes of subclause (c) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, a Lender that acquires a participation pursuant to this Section 2.18(c) shall be treated as having acquired such participation on the earlier date(s) on which such Lender acquired the applicable interest(s) in the Commitment(s) and or Loan(s) to which such participation relates. 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the applicable Lender the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each Lender severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, 
 85 

at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 (e) If any Lender fails to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.07(b) or Section 2.18(d) , then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 
 Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 or such Lender determines it can no longer make or maintain LIBO Rate Loans or Term Benchmark Loans pursuant to Section 2.20 , or any Loan Party is required to pay any additional amount to or indemnify any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder affected by such event, or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17 , as applicable, in the future or mitigate the impact of Section 2.20 , as the case may be, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed out-of-pocket cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in any material respect. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 or such Lender determines it can no longer make or maintain LIBO Rate Loans or Term Benchmark Loans pursuant to Section 2.20 , (ii) any Loan Party is required to pay any additional amount to or indemnify any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 , (iii) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or (iv) in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender, or each Lender directly affected thereby (or any other Class or group of Lenders other than the Required Lenders) with respect to which Required Lender consent (or the consent of Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of such Class or lesser group representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Loans and unused Commitments of such Class or lesser group at such time) has been obtained, as applicable, any Lender is a non-consenting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, (x) terminate the applicable Commitments of such Lender, and repay all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Lender relating to the applicable Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date or (y) replace such Lender by requiring such Lender to assign and delegate (and such Lender shall be obligated to assign and delegate), without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.05 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if any Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (A) such Lender has received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of its Loans of such Class of Loans and or Commitments, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it under any Loan Document with respect to such Class of Loans and or Commitments, (B) in the case of any assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17 , such assignment would result in a reduction in such compensation or payments and (C) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Requirements of Law. No Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) shall be required to make any such assignment and delegation, and the Borrower may not repay the Obligations of such Lender or terminate its Commitments, if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each Lender agrees that if it is replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19 , it shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption to evidence such sale and purchase and shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any Promissory Note (if the assigning Lender s Loans are evidenced by one or more Promissory Notes) subject to such Assignment and Assumption provided that the failure of any Lender replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19 to execute an Assignment and Assumption or deliver any such Promissory Note shall not render such sale and purchase (and the corresponding assignment) 
 86 

invalid), such assignment shall be recorded in the Register, any such Promissory Note shall be deemed cancelled. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Lender s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Lender and in the name of such Lender, from time to time in the Administrative Agent s discretion, with prior written notice to such Lender, to take any action and to execute any such Assignment and Assumption or other instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this clause (b) . To the extent that any Lender is replaced pursuant to Section 2.19(b)(iv) in connection with a Repricing Transaction requiring payment of a fee pursuant to Section 2.12(c) , the Borrower shall pay to each Lender being replaced as a result of such Repricing Transaction the fee set forth in Section 2.12(c) . 
 Section 2.20. Illegality . If any Lender reasonably determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted after the Closing Date that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Published LIBO Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Published LIBO Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of Dollars in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue LIBO Rate Loans or Term Benchmark Loans or to convert ABR Loans to LIBO Rate Loans or Term Benchmark Loans shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Published LIBO Rate component or Term SOFR Rate component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Published LIBO Rate component or Term SOFR Rate component, as applicable, of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist (which notice such Lender agrees to give promptly). Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from the relevant Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or convert all of such Lender s LIBO Rate Loans and or Term Benchmark Loans to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Published LIBO Rate component or Term SOFR Rate component, as applicable, of the Alternate Base Rate) either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate Loans and or Term Benchmark Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate Loans and or Term Benchmark Loans (in which case the Borrower shall not be required to make payments pursuant to Section 2.16 in connection with such payment) and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Published LIBO Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Published LIBO Rate component or Term SOFR Rate component, as applicable, thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Published LIBO Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, as applicable. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different lending office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the determination of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. 
 Section 2.21. Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) The Commitments of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders, each affected Lender, the Required Lenders or such other number of Lenders as may be required hereby or under any other Loan Document have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any waiver, amendment or modification pursuant to Section 9.02 provided that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender which affects such Defaulting Lender 
 87 

disproportionately and adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 (b) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of any Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 2.11 , Section 2.15 , Section 2.16 , Section 2.17 , Section 2.18 , Article 7 , Section 9.05 or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.09 ), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent and, where relevant, the Borrower as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, as the Borrower may request, to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement third , as the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may elect, to be held in a deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of such Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement fourth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the non-Defaulting Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any non-Defaulting Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement fifth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and sixth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loan was made or created, as applicable, at a time when the conditions to such Lender s obligations to fund such Loan were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to any Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by any Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section 2.21(b) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the fact that any Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, (x) no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender and (y) except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 Section 2.22. Incremental Facilities . 
 (a) The Borrower may, at any time, on one or more occasions pursuant to an Incremental Facility Amendment add one or more new Classes of term facilities and or increase the principal amount of the Term Loans of any existing Class by requesting new commitments to provide such Term Loans (any such new Class or increase, an Incremental Facility and any loans made pursuant to an Incremental Facility, Incremental Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount for all such Incremental Term Loans incurred after the First Amendment Effective Date not to exceed the Incremental Cap provided that 
 (i) no Incremental Commitment in respect of any Incremental Facility may be in an amount that is less than 5,000,000 (or such lesser amount to which the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) 
 (ii) except as the Borrower and any Lender may separately agree, no Lender shall be obligated to provide any Incremental Commitment, and the determination to provide such commitments shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of such Lender (it being agreed that 
 88 

the Borrower shall not be obligated to offer the opportunity to any Lender to participate in any Incremental Facility) 
 (iii) no Incremental Facility or Incremental Term Loan (nor the creation, provision or implementation thereof) shall require the approval of any existing Lender other than in its capacity, if any, as a lender providing all or part of any Incremental Commitment or Incremental Term Loan 
 (iv) except as otherwise permitted herein (including with respect to margin, pricing, maturity and fees), the terms of any Incremental Facility, if not consistent with those applicable to any then-existing Term Loans (as reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent), must either, at the option of the Borrower, (x) not be materially more restrictive to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) than (when taken as a whole) those contained in the Loan Documents (other than any terms which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Maturity Date), (y) be conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the existing Term Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent i.e. , by conforming or adding a term to the then-outstanding Term Loans pursuant to the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment, it being understood that, without limitation, any amendment or modification to the Loan Documents that solely adds one or more terms for the benefit of the existing Term Lenders shall not require the consent of any such existing Term Lender so long as the form (but not the substance) of the applicable agreement effecting such amendment or modification is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) or (z) reflect then current market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence or issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) 
 (v) the interest rate, fees, discount and yield applicable to any Incremental Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Incremental Facility provided that, with respect to any Incremental Term Loans incurred on any date after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date that is on or prior to the day that is six months after the Sixth Seventh Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount in excess of the greater of (x) 105,000,000 and (y) 0.75 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis (the MFN Threshold under any Incremental Facility that (A) consists of syndicated floating rate Dollar-denominated Term Loans that are pari passu with the Term B-4 Loans in right of payment and with respect to security, (B) is originally incurred in reliance on the Ratio Based Incremental Amount (but not any reclassification thereunder), (C) is scheduled to mature prior to the date that is one year after the Maturity Date of the Term B-4 Loans and (D) is not incurred or established in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment permitted hereby (the foregoing sub-clauses (A) through (D), the MFN Conditions ), the Effective Yield applicable thereto may not be more than 0.75 higher than the Effective Yield applicable to any Term B-4 Loans unless the Applicable Rate (and or, as provided in the proviso below, the Floor or Alternate Base Rate floor) with respect to the applicable Term B-4 Loans is adjusted to be equal to the Effective Yield with respect to such Incremental Facility, minus 0.75 (this clause (v) , the MFN Protection provided , further , that any increase in Effective Yield to any Term B-4 Loan due to the application or imposition of an Alternate Base Rate floor or other benchmark floor on any Incremental Term Loan may be effected, at the option of the Borrower, through an increase in (or implementation of, as applicable) any Floor or Alternate Base Rate floor applicable to such Term B-4 Loan 
 (vi) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, the final maturity date with respect to any Incremental Term Loans shall be no earlier than the then-existing Latest Maturity Date 
 (vii) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception or as expressly provided in clause (xiv) below, the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Facility shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the 2019 
 89 

New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans or the Term B-4 Loans on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Facility 
 (viii) subject to clauses (vi) and (vii) above, any Incremental Facility may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by the Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Facility 
 (ix) subject to clause (v) above, to the extent applicable, any fees payable in connection with any Incremental Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the arrangers and or lenders providing such Incremental Facility 
 (x) (A) any Incremental Facility (x) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with any then-existing Class of Term Loans and (y) may rank pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Class of Term Loans, as applicable, in right of security or may be unsecured (and to the extent the relevant Incremental Facility is secured by the Collateral, it shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) and (B) no Incremental Facility may be (x) guaranteed by any Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party or (y) secured by any assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary other than the Collateral 
 (xi) any Incremental Facility may participate (A) in any voluntary prepayment of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(a) on a pro rata basis, greater than pro rata basis or less than a pro rata basis with the then-existing Term Loans and (B) in any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(b) on a pro rata basis (to the extent such Incremental Facility is secured on a pari passu basis with the 2019 New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans and or the Term B-4 Loans), greater than pro rata basis with respect to prepayments of any such Incremental Facility with the proceeds of any Replacement Term Loans or Refinancing Indebtedness (including Replacement Notes) or less than a pro rata basis with the then-existing Term Loans, in each case, to the extent provided in such Sections 
 (xii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.22 or in any other provision of any Loan Document, (A) no Event of Default (or, if the proceeds of any Incremental Facility are incurred in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) , (f) or (g) shall have occurred and be continuing on such date and (B) the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of the initial borrowing or establishment of such Incremental Facility provided that (I) in the case of any Specified Representation which expressly relates to a given date or period, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the respective date or for the respective period, as the case may be, (II) if any Specified Representation is qualified by or subject to a material adverse effect, material adverse change or similar term or qualification, such Specified Representation shall be true and correct in all respects and (III) Section 3.14 shall not apply to Collateral that is not required to be created or perfected on or prior to the date of initial funding of such Incremental Facility provided , further , that with respect to any Limited Condition Transaction, except as set forth above, any other conditions may be satisfied on the LCT Test Date 
 (xiii) the proceeds of any Incremental Facility may be used for working capital and or purchase price adjustments and other general corporate purposes (including capital expenditures, acquisitions, Investments, Restricted Payments and Restricted Debt Payments and related fees and expenses) and any other use not prohibited by this Agreement and 
 (xiv) on the date of the Borrowing of any Incremental Term Loans that will be of the same Class as any then-existing Class of Term Loans, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 2.08 or 2.13 above, such Incremental Term Loans shall be added to (and constitute a part of, be of the same Type as and, at the election of the Borrower, have the same Interest Period as) each Borrowing of outstanding Term Loans of such Class on a pro rata basis (based on the relative sizes of such Borrowings), so that each Term Lender providing such Incremental Term Loans will participate proportionately in each then-outstanding Borrowing of 
 90 

Term Loans of such Class it being acknowledged that the application of this clause (a)(xiv) may result in new Incremental Term Loans having Interest Periods (the duration of which may be less than one month) that begin during an Interest Period then applicable to outstanding LIBO Rate Loans or Term Benchmark Loans of the relevant Class and which end on the last day of such Interest Period. 
 (b) Incremental Commitments may be provided by any existing Lender, or by any other Eligible Assignee (any such other lender being called an Additional Lender provided that the Administrative Agent shall have a right to consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to the relevant Additional Lender s provision of Incremental Commitments if such consent would be required under Section 9.05(b) for an assignment of Loans to such Additional Lender provided , further , that any Additional Lender that is an Affiliated Lender shall be subject to the provisions of Section 9.05(g) , mutatis mutandis , to the same extent as if the relevant Incremental Commitments and related Obligations had been acquired by such Lender by way of assignment. 
 (c) Each Lender or Additional Lender providing a portion of any Incremental Commitment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower all such documentation (including the relevant Incremental Facility Amendment) as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to evidence and effectuate such Incremental Commitment. On the effective date of such Incremental Commitment, each Additional Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement. 
 (d) As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of any Incremental Facility or, subject to Section 1.10 , the making of any Incremental Term Loans, (i) upon its request, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive customary written opinions of counsel, as well as such reaffirmation agreements, supplements and or amendments as it shall reasonably require, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive, from each Additional Lender, an administrative questionnaire, in the form provided to such Additional Lender by the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Questionnaire and such other documents as it shall reasonably require from such Additional Lender, (iii) the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lenders shall be entitled to receive all fees required to be paid to them in respect of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Term Loans, (iv) the Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as if the relevant Incremental Term Loans were subject to Section 2.03 (provided that such Borrowing Request need not include any bring down of any representation or warranty, include any representation as to the occurrence of any default or Event of Default or other item not consistent with this Section 2.22 and (v) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive a certificate of the Borrower signed by a Responsible Officer thereof 
 (A) certifying and attaching a copy of the resolutions adopted by the governing body of the Borrower approving or consenting to such Incremental Facility or Incremental Term Loans, and 
 (B) to the extent applicable, certifying that the conditions set forth in subclauses (A) and (B) of clause (a)(xii) above has been satisfied. 
 (e) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any Incremental Facility Amendment and or any amendment to any other Loan Document as may be necessary in order to establish new Classes or sub-Classes in respect of Loans or commitments pursuant to this Section 2.22 and such technical, mechanical and conforming amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Classes or sub-Classes, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.22 . 
 (f) This Section 2.22 shall supersede any provision in Section 2.18 or 9.02 to the contrary. 
 91 

Section 2.23. Extensions of Loans . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders holding Loans of any Class or Commitments of any Class, in each case on a pro rata basis within such Class (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the respective Loans or Commitments of such Class) and on the same terms to each such Lender, the Borrower is hereby permitted to consummate transactions with any individual Lender who accepts the terms contained in the relevant Extension Offer to extend the Maturity Date of all or a portion of such Lender s Loans and or Commitments of such Class and otherwise modify the terms of all or a portion of such Loans and or Commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including by increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Loans and or Commitments (and related outstandings) and or modifying the amortization schedule, if any, in respect of such Loans) (each, an Extension , and each group of Loans or Commitments, as applicable, in each case as so extended, and the original Loans and the original Commitments (in each case not so extended), being a Class it being understood that any Extended Term Loans shall constitute a separate Class of Loans from the Class of Loans from which they were converted, so long as the following terms are satisfied 
 (i) Reserved 
 (ii) except as to (A) interest rates, fees, amortization, final maturity date, premiums, required prepayment dates and participation in prepayments (which shall, subject to immediately succeeding clauses (iii) , (iv) and (v) , be determined by the Borrower and any Lender who agrees to an Extension of its Term Loans and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer), (B) terms applicable to such Extended Term Loans (as defined below) that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Extended Term Loans than those contained in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Term Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent i.e. , by conforming or adding a term to the then-outstanding Term Loans pursuant to the applicable Extension Amendment) and (C) any covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of such Extension), the Term Loans of any Lender extended pursuant to any Extension (any such extended Term Loans, the Extended Term Loans shall have substantially consistent terms (or terms not less favorable to existing Lenders) as the Class of Term Loans subject to the relevant Extension Offer 
 (iii) the final maturity date of any Extended Term Loans may be no earlier than the Class of Term Loans from which they were converted 
 (iv) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Class of Term Loans from which they were converted 
 (v) subject to clauses (iii) and (iv) above, any Extended Term Loans may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Extended Term Loans 
 (vi) any Extended Term Loans may participate (A) in any voluntary prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(a)(i) and (B) in any mandatory prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(b)(vi) , in each case, to the extent provided in such Sections 
 (vii) if the aggregate principal amount of Loans or Commitments, as the case may be, in respect of which Lenders have accepted the relevant Extension Offer exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Loans or Commitments, as the case may be, offered to be extended by the Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Loans or Commitments, as the case may be, of such Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed the applicable Lender s actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer 
 92 

(viii) unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees, any Extension must be in a minimum amount of 5,000,000 
 (ix) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition must be satisfied or waived by the Borrower and 
 (x) any documentation in respect of any Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing. 
 (b) (i) No Extension consummated in reliance on this Section 2.23 shall constitute a voluntary or mandatory prepayment for purposes of Section 2.11 , (ii) the scheduled amortization payments (insofar as such schedule affects payments due to Lenders participating in the relevant Class) set forth in Section 2.10 shall be adjusted to give effect to any Extension of any Class of Loans and or Commitments and (iii) except as set forth in clause (a)(viii) above, no Extension Offer is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment provided that the Borrower may at its election specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition to the consummation of any Extension that a minimum amount (to be specified in the relevant Extension Offer in the Borrower s sole discretion) of Loans or Commitments (as applicable) of any or all applicable tranches be tendered it being understood that the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, waive any such Minimum Extension Condition. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.23 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Term Loans on such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including Sections 2.10 , 2.11 and or 2.18 or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any such Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section . 
 (c) No consent of any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be required to effectuate any Extension, other than the consent of each Lender agreeing to such Extension with respect to one or more of its Loans and or Commitments of any Class (or a portion thereof). All Extended Term Loans and all obligations in respect thereof shall constitute Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are secured by the Collateral and guaranteed on a pari passu basis with all other applicable Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any Extension Amendment and any amendments to any of the other Loan Documents with the Loan Parties as may be necessary in order to establish new Classes or sub-Classes in respect of Loans or Commitments so extended and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Classes or sub-Classes, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.23 . 
 (d) In connection with any Extension, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures (including regarding timing, rounding and other adjustments and to ensure reasonable administrative management of the credit facilities hereunder after such Extension), if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.23 . 
 ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 On the Closing Date, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lenders that 
 Section 3.01. Organization Powers . The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a) is (i) duly organized and validly existing and (ii) in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) under the Requirements of Law of its jurisdiction of organization, (b) has all requisite organizational power and authority to own its assets and to carry on its business as now conducted and (c) is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing (to the extent such concept exists 
 93 

in the relevant jurisdiction) in, every jurisdiction where the ownership, lease or operation of its properties or conduct of its business requires such qualification, except, in each case referred to in this Section 3.01 (other than clause (a)(i) and clause (b) with respect to the Loan Parties) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.02. Authorization Enforceability . The execution, delivery and performance of each Loan Document are within each applicable Loan Party s corporate or other organizational power and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action of such Loan Party. Each Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations. 
 Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts . The execution and delivery of each Loan Document by each Loan Party thereto and the performance by such Loan Party thereof (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) in connection with the Perfection Requirements or (iii) such consents, approvals, registrations, filings, or other actions the failure to obtain or make which could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate any (i) of such Loan Party s Organizational Documents or (ii) Requirement of Law applicable to such Loan Party which violation, in the case of this clause (b)(ii) , could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) will not violate or result in a default under any material Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party which violation, in the case of this clause (c) , could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The financial statements (i) of the Borrower for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 filed with the SEC prior to the Closing Date and (ii) after the Closing Date, most recently provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower on a consolidated basis as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, (x) except as otherwise expressly noted therein, (y) subject, in the case of quarterly financial statements, to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments and (z) except as may be necessary to reflect any differing entities and organizational structure prior to giving effect to the Transactions. 
 (b) Since December 31, 2018, there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.05. Properties . 
 (a) As of the Closing Date, Schedule 3.05 sets forth the address of each Real Estate Asset (or each set of such assets that collectively comprise one operating property) that is owned in fee simple by any Loan Party. 
 (b) The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries have good and valid fee simple title to or rights to purchase, or valid leasehold interests as tenants in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all of their respective Real Estate Assets and have good title to their personal property and assets, in each case, except (i) for defects in title that do not materially interfere with their ability to conduct their business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties and assets for their intended purposes, (ii) where the failure to have such title would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) Permitted Liens. 
 (c) The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries own or otherwise have a license or right to use all Intellectual Property rights IP Rights used or held for use to conduct their respective businesses as presently conducted without, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, any infringement, dilution, violation or misappropriation of the IP Rights of third parties, except to the extent the failure to own or license or have rights to use would not, or where such infringement, dilution, 
 94 

violation or misappropriation would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters . 
 (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Except for any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject to or has received notice of any Environmental Claim or Environmental Liability or knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability or Environmental Claim of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any Governmental Authorization, permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law. 
 (c) In the five-year period prior to the Closing Date, neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has treated, stored, transported or Released any Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any currently or formerly owned or leased real estate or facility in a manner that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws . The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property, except, in each case where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect it being understood and agreed that this Section 3.07 shall not apply to the Requirements of Law covered by Section 3.17 below. 
 Section 3.08. Investment Company Status . No Loan Party is an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 Section 3.09. Taxes . The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it that are due and payable (including in its capacity as a withholding agent), except (a) Taxes (or any requirement to file Tax returns with respect thereto) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.10. ERISA . 
 (a) Each Plan is in compliance in form and operation with its terms and with ERISA and the Code and all other applicable Requirements of Law, except where any failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) In the five-year period prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made, no ERISA Event has occurred and is continuing or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.11. Disclosure . 
 (a) As of the Closing Date, all written information (other than the Projections, financial estimates, other forward-looking information and or projected information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) concerning the Borrower and its subsidiaries that was 
 95 

included in the Information Memorandum (the Information ), when taken as a whole, did not, when furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto from time to time). 
 (b) The Projections have been prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time furnished (it being recognized that such Projections are as to future events and are not to be viewed as facts and are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies many of which are beyond the Borrower s control, that no assurance can be given that any particular financial projections will be realized, that actual results may differ from projected results and that such differences may be material). 
 Section 3.12. Solvency . As of the Closing Date and after giving effect to the Transactions and the incurrence of the Indebtedness and obligations being incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, (i) the sum of the debt (including contingent liabilities) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, does not exceed the fair value of the assets (on a going concern basis) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (ii) the capital of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not unreasonably small in relation to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, contemplated as of the Closing Date and (iii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not intend to incur, or believe that they will incur, debts (including current obligations and contingent liabilities) beyond their ability to pay such debt as they mature in the ordinary course of business. 
 Section 3.13. Subsidiaries . Schedule 3.13 sets forth, in each case as of the Closing Date, (a) a correct and complete list of the name of each subsidiary of the Borrower and the ownership interest therein held by the Borrower or its applicable Subsidiary, and (b) the type of entity of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries. 
 Section 3.14. Security Interest in Collateral . Subject to any limitations and exceptions set forth in any Loan Documents, the Legal Reservations and the provisions of this Agreement and the other relevant Loan Documents, the Collateral Documents create legal, valid and enforceable Liens on all of the Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Parties, and upon the satisfaction of the applicable Perfection Requirements, such Liens constitute perfected Liens (with the priority that such Liens are expressed to have under the relevant Collateral Documents, unless otherwise permitted hereunder or under any Loan Document) on the Collateral (to the extent such Liens are required to be perfected under the terms of the Loan Documents) securing the Secured Obligations, in each case as and to the extent set forth therein. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party makes any representation or warranty as to (A) the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or the enforceability of any pledge of or security interest in any Capital Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary (other than Capital Stock and assets of Foreign Subsidiaries, if any, that are Guarantors), or as to the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect thereto, under foreign Requirements of Law not required to be obtained under the Loan Documents, (B) the enforcement of any security interest, or rights or remedies with respect to any Collateral that may be limited or restricted by, or require any consents, authorizations approvals or licenses under, any Requirement of Law or (C) on the Closing Date and until required pursuant to Section 5.12 , the pledge or creation of any security interest, or the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or enforceability of any pledge or security interest to the extent not required on the Closing Date. 
 Section 3.15. Labor Disputes . Except as individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened and (b) the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Requirements of Law dealing with such matters. 
 96 

Section 3.16. Federal Reserve Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Loan have been used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that results in a violation of the provisions of Regulation U. 
 Section 3.17. OFAC PATRIOT ACT and FCPA . 
 (a) (i) None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, any director, officer or employee of any of the foregoing is a Sanctioned Person and (ii) the Borrower will not directly or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person in violation of Sanctions. 
 (b) To the extent applicable, each Loan Party is in compliance (i) in all material respects with the USA PATRIOT Act, the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, and the UK Bribery Act of 2010 and any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto and (ii) except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, with all Sanctions. 
 (c) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, any director, officer or employee of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, has taken any action, directly or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, indirectly, that would result in a material violation by any such Person of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), including, without limitation, making any offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization or approval of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give or authorization of the giving of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in each case in contravention in any material respect of the FCPA and any applicable anti-corruption Requirement of Law of any Governmental Authority. The Borrower will not directly or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or otherwise make available such proceeds to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for public office or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage in violation of the FCPA. 
 The representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.17 above made by or on behalf of any Foreign Subsidiary are subject to and limited by any Requirement of Law applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary it being understood and agreed that to the extent that any Foreign Subsidiary is unable to make any representation or warranty set forth in Section 3.17 as a result of the application of this sentence, such Foreign Subsidiary shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is in compliance, in all material respects, with any equivalent Requirement of Law relating to anti-terrorism, anti-corruption, sanctions or anti-money laundering that is applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary in its relevant local jurisdiction of organization. 
 ARTICLE 4 CONDITIONS 
 Section 4.01. Closing Date . The obligations of each Lender to make Loans on the Closing Date shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02 
 (a) Credit Agreement and Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each Loan Party, to the extent party thereto, (i) a counterpart signed by such Loan Party (or written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include a copy transmitted by facsimile or other electronic method) that such party has signed a counterpart) of (A) this Agreement, (B) the Security Agreement, (C) each applicable Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (D) the Loan Guaranty and (E) each 
 97 

Promissory Note requested by a Lender at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date and (ii) a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 (and any such requirements may be waived or extended by the Administrative Agent). 
 (b) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received, on behalf of itself and the Lenders on the Closing Date, a customary written opinion of (i) Ropes & Gray LLP, in its capacity as counsel for the Loan Parties and (ii) Venable LLP, in its capacity as local Maryland counsel for the Loan Parties, each dated as of the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on the Closing Date. 
 (c) Secretary s Certificate and Good Standing Certificates . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Closing Date and executed by a secretary, assistant secretary or other similarly-titled Responsible Officer thereof, which shall (A) certify that (x) attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation, formation or organization of such Loan Party, as applicable, certified by the relevant authority of its jurisdiction of organization, which certificate or articles of incorporation, formation or organization of such Loan Party, as applicable, have not been amended (except as attached thereto) since the date reflected thereon, (y) attached thereto is a true and correct copy of the by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement of such Loan Party, as applicable, together with all amendments thereto as of the Closing Date and such by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement are in full force and effect and (z) attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the resolutions or written consent, as applicable, of its board of directors, board of managers, sole member, manager or other applicable governing body authorizing the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, which resolutions or consent have not been modified, rescinded or amended (other than as attached thereto) and are in full force and effect, and (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers, managers, directors or authorized signatories of such Loan Party, as applicable, authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party, as applicable, is a party and (ii) a good standing (or equivalent) certificate for such Loan Party, as applicable, from the relevant authority of its jurisdiction of organization, dated as of a recent date. 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Article 3 hereof and the representations and warranties of the applicable Loan Parties set forth in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date provided that (A) in the case of any representation which expressly relates to a given date or period, such representation shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the respective date or for the respective period, as the case may be and (B) if any representation is qualified by or subject to a material adverse effect, material adverse change or similar term or qualification, such representation shall be true and correct in all respects. 
 (e) Fees . Prior to or substantially concurrently with the funding of the Initial Term Loans hereunder, the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall have received (i) all fees required to be paid by the Borrower on the Closing Date as separately agreed among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the applicable Arrangers and (ii) all expenses required to be paid by the Borrower for which invoices have been presented at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date or such later date to which the Borrower may agree (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel required to be paid), in each case on or before the Closing Date, which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Loans. 
 (f) Solvency . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit O from the chief financial officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent responsibilities) of the Borrower dated as of the Closing Date and certifying as to the matters set forth therein. 
 98 

(g) Perfection Certificate . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a completed Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, together with all attachments contemplated thereby. 
 (h) Pledged Stock and Pledged Notes . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) the certificates representing the Capital Stock required to be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, together with an undated stock power or similar instrument of transfer for each such certificate endorsed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof, and (ii) each Material Debt Instrument (if any) endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by a transfer form endorsed in blank) by the pledgor thereof. 
 (i) Filings Registrations and Recordings . Each document (including any UCC (or similar) financing statement) required by any Collateral Document or under applicable Requirements of Law to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral required to be delivered pursuant to such Collateral Document, which, if applicable, shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. 
 (j) USA PATRIOT Act . No later than three Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information reasonably requested with respect to any Loan Party in writing by any Initial Lender at least ten Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, which documentation or other information is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 (k) Officer s Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.01(d) . 
 For purposes of determining whether the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 have been satisfied on the Closing Date, by funding the Loans hereunder, the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be. 
 ARTICLE 5 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 From the Closing Date until the date on which all Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts and payment Obligations (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim or demand has been made and (ii) Secured Hedging Obligations under any Hedge Agreements as to which arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable counterparty have been made) have been paid in full in Cash (such date, the Termination Date ), the Borrower hereby covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Reports . The Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent for delivery by the Administrative Agent, subject to Section 9.05(f) , to each Lender 
 (a) Quarterly Financial Statements . As soon as available, and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2019 the consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the related consolidated statements of operations (or income) and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such Fiscal 
 99 

Quarter, and setting forth, in reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, together with a Financial Officer Certification (which may be included in the applicable Compliance Certificate) with respect thereto 
 (b) Annual Financial Statements . As soon as available, and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year ending after the Closing Date, (i) the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of operations (or income), changes in equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year and setting forth, in reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the previous Fiscal Year and (ii) with respect to such consolidated financial statements, a report thereon of an independent certified public accountant of recognized national standing (which report shall not be subject to a qualification as to the scope of such audit or going concern qualification (except (A) as resulting from the impending maturity of any permitted Indebtedness or anticipated or actual breach of any financial covenant, (B) the upcoming maturity of any Indebtedness within one year of the date such opinion is deliver or (C) the activities, operations, financial results, assets or liabilities of any Unrestricted Subsidiary) but may include a going concern explanatory paragraph or like statement), and shall state that such consolidated financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Borrower for, and as of the end of, such Fiscal Year in conformity with GAAP (such report and opinion, a Conforming Accounting Report 
 (c) Compliance Certificate . Together with each delivery of financial statements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries pursuant to Sections 5.01(a) and (b) , (i) a duly executed and completed Compliance Certificate, and (ii) (A) a summary of the pro forma adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such financial statements and (B) a list identifying any change in the Subsidiaries of the Borrower as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as of the date of delivery of such Compliance Certificate or confirmation that there is no change in such information since the later of the Closing Date and the date of the last such list 
 (d) Reserved 
 (e) Notice of Default . Promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining actual knowledge of any Default or Event of Default, a reasonably-detailed notice specifying the nature and period of existence of such event and what action the Borrower has taken, is taking and or proposes to take with respect thereto 
 (f) Notice of Litigation . Promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining actual knowledge of (i) the institution of, or threat of, any Adverse Proceeding not previously disclosed in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or (ii) any material development in any Adverse Proceeding that, in the case of either of clauses (i) or (ii) , could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice thereof from the Borrower together with such other non-privileged information as may be reasonably available to the Loan Parties to enable the Lenders to evaluate such matters 
 (g) ERISA . Promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining actual knowledge of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, a written notice specifying the nature thereof 
 (h) Reserved . 
 (i) Information Regarding Collateral . Prompt (and, in any event, within 60 days of the relevant change) written notice of any change (i) in any Loan Party s legal name, (ii) in any Loan Party s type of organization or (iii) in any Loan Party s jurisdiction of organization, together with a certified copy of the applicable Organizational Document reflecting the relevant change 
 100 

(j) Annual Collateral Verification . Together with the delivery of each Compliance Certificate provided with the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b) , a Perfection Certificate Supplement (or confirmation that there have been no changes in such information since the Closing Date or the most recent Perfection Certificate Supplement provided) 
 (k) Certain Reports . Promptly upon their becoming available and without duplication of any obligations with respect to any such information that is otherwise required to be delivered under the provisions of any Loan Document, copies of all special reports and registration statements which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary files with the SEC or any analogous Governmental Authority or with any national securities exchange, as the case may be (other than amendments to any registration statement (to the extent such registration statement, in the form it became effective, is delivered to the Administrative Agent), exhibits to any registration statement and, if applicable, any registration statement on Form S-8) 
 (l) Other Information . Such other certificates, reports and information (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time regarding the financial condition or business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries provided , however , that none of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose or provide any information (a) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective borrowers, tenants or other occupants, joint venture partners, customers and or suppliers, (b) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives) is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, (c) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product, (d) in respect of which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party provided such confidentiality obligations were not entered into in contemplation of the requirements of this Section 5.01(l) or (e) to the extent applicable, which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is not reasonably able to obtain with respect to any obligor under any CRE Finance Asset or tenant or other occupant under any Real Estate Investment and 
 (m) promptly following any request therefor, solely to the extent actually required to comply with such laws at such time, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and 31 C.F.R. 1010.230, in each case, solely to the extent actually required to comply with such rules and regulations at such time. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower (or a representative thereof) (x) posts such documents or (y) provides a link thereto at http www.blackstonemortgagetrust.com provided that, other than with respect to items required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(k) above, the Borrower shall promptly notify (which notice may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any such documents at http www.blackstonemortgagetrust.com and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions of such documents (ii) on which such documents are delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent for posting on behalf of the Borrower on IntraLinks SyndTrak or another relevant website (the Platform ), if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) (iii) on which such documents are faxed to the Administrative Agent (or electronically mailed to an address provided by the Administrative Agent) or (iv) in respect of the items required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(a), 5.01(b) and 5.01(k) above in respect of information filed by the Borrower with any securities exchange or with the SEC or any analogous governmental or private regulatory authority with jurisdiction over matters relating to securities (including in Form 10-Q Reports and Form 10-K reports), on which such items have been made available on the SEC website or the website of the relevant analogous governmental or private regulatory authority or securities exchange. Each Lender shall be 
 101 

solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations referred to in Section 5.01(a) and or 5.01(b) may be satisfied by filing the Borrower s Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, with the SEC or any securities exchange, in each case, within the time periods specified in Sections 5.01(a) or 5.01(b), as applicable (and the public filing of such report with the SEC or such securities exchange shall constitute delivery thereof for purposes of Section 5.01(a) and 5.01(b), as applicable) provided that to the extent such statements are provided in lieu of the statements required to be provided under Section 5.01(b), such statements shall include, or be accompanied by, a Conforming Accounting Report. 
 Any financial statement required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) shall not be required to include acquisition accounting adjustments relating to any Permitted Acquisition, Investment or other transaction permitted under this Agreement, in each case, to the extent it is not practicable to include any such adjustments in such financial statement. 
 Section 5.02. Existence . Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.07 , the Borrower will, and the Borrower will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and all rights, franchises, licenses and permits in the normal conduct of its business that are material to its business except, other than with respect to the preservation of the existence of the Borrower, to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect provided that neither the Borrower nor any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any such existence (other than with respect to the preservation of existence of the Borrower), right, franchise, license or permit if a Responsible Officer of such Person or such Person s board of directors (or similar governing body) determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such Person. 
 Section 5.03. Payment of Taxes . The Borrower will, and the Borrower will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, timely pay all Taxes imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income or businesses or franchises provided , however , that no such Tax need be paid if (a) it is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as (i) adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions, as are required in conformity with GAAP, have been made therefor and (ii) in the case of a Tax which has resulted or may result in the creation of a Lien on any of the Collateral, such contest proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale of any portion of the Collateral to satisfy such Tax or (b) failure to pay or discharge the same could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.04. Maintenance of Properties . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain or cause to be maintained in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted, all property reasonably necessary to the normal conduct of business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and from time to time will make or cause to be made all needed and appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or where the failure to maintain such properties or make such repairs, renewals or replacements could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.05. Insurance . Except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower will maintain or cause to be maintained, with financially sound and reputable insurers that the Borrower believes (in the good faith and judgment of its management) are financially sound and reputable at the time the relevant coverage is placed or renewed, or with a Captive Insurance Subsidiary, such insurance coverage with respect to liabilities, losses or damage in respect of the assets, properties and businesses of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as may customarily be carried or maintained under similar circumstances by Persons of established reputation engaged in similar businesses, in each case in such amounts (giving effect to self-insurance), with such deductibles, covering such risks and otherwise on such terms and conditions as shall be customary for such Persons provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary be required to obtain or maintain insurance that is more restrictive than its 
 102 

normal course of practice. Each such policy of insurance (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any business interruption insurance policy) shall, (i) in the case of each general liability policy in favor of any Loan Party, name the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties as an additional insured thereunder as its interests may appear and (ii) in the case of each casualty insurance policy in favor of any Loan Party, to the extent available from the relevant insurance carrier, contain a lenders loss payable clause or endorsement that names the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties as the lenders loss payee thereunder. 
 Section 5.06. Inspections . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, permit any authorized representative designated by the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of the properties owned or leased by the Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries at which the principal financial records and executive officers of the applicable Person are located, to inspect and copy its and their respective financial and accounting records, and to discuss its and their respective affairs, finances and accounts with its and their Responsible Officers and independent public accountants at the expense of the Borrower provided that the Borrower (or any of its subsidiaries) may, if it so chooses, be present at or participate in any such discussion), all upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times during normal business hours provided that (a) only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 5.06 and (b) except as expressly set forth in the proviso below during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) , (f) or (g) , the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than one time during any calendar year provided , further , that when an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) , (f) or (g) exists and is continuing, the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice provided , further , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of copies of or taking abstracts from, or discuss any document, information, or other matter (A) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of the Borrower and its subsidiaries and or any of its borrowers, tenants or other occupants, joint venture partners, customers and or suppliers, (B) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, (C) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (D) in respect of which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party provided such confidentiality obligations were not entered into in contemplation of the requirements of this Section 5.06 ). 
 Section 5.07. Maintenance of Book and Records . The Borrower will, and will cause its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of record and account containing entries of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 Section 5.08. Compliance with Laws . The Borrower will comply, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to comply, with the requirements of all applicable Requirements of Law (including applicable ERISA and all Environmental Laws, OFAC, the USA PATRIOT Act and the FCPA), except to the extent the failure of the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary to comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect provided that the requirements set forth in this Section 5.08 , as they pertain to compliance by any Foreign Subsidiary with OFAC, the USA PATRIOT ACT and the FCPA are subject to and limited by any Requirement of Law applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary in its relevant local jurisdiction. 
 Section 5.09. Environmental . 
 (a) Environmental Disclosure . The Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent as soon as practicable following the sending or receipt thereof by any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, written notice of (A) any Environmental Claim that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (B) any Release required to be reported by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any federal, state or local governmental or regulatory agency or other 
 103 

Governmental Authority that reasonably could be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (C) any request made to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for information from any governmental agency that suggests such agency is investigating whether the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may be potentially responsible for any Hazardous Materials Activity which is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (D) subject to the limitations set forth above in the proviso in Section 5.01(l) , such other documents and information as from time to time may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in relation to any matters disclosed pursuant to this Section 5.09(a) . 
 (b) Hazardous Materials Activities, Etc . Subject to the rights of tenants or other occupants of any Real Estate Investment and obligors of any CRE Finance Asset, the Borrower shall promptly take, and shall cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries promptly to take, any and all actions necessary to (i) cure any violation of applicable Environmental Laws by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, and address with appropriate corrective or remedial action any known Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials at or from any Facility, in each case, that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) make an appropriate response to any Environmental Claim against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in their individual capacities and discharge any obligations it may have to any Person thereunder, in each case, where failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.10. Designation of Subsidiaries . The Borrower may at any time after the Closing Date designate (or re-designate) any subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary provided that (i) immediately after any such re-designation, no Event of Default exists (including after giving effect to the reclassification of Investments in, Indebtedness of and Liens on the assets of, the applicable Unrestricted Subsidiary), (ii) as of the date of the designation thereof, no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall own any Capital Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (unless such Restricted Subsidiary is also designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) or hold any Indebtedness of or any Lien on any property of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries (unless the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary is permitted to incur such Indebtedness or Liens in favor of such Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Sections 6.01 and 6.02 and (iii) subject to clause (ii) above, any subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary will be deemed to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary. The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary) therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the portion of the fair market value of the net assets of such Subsidiary attributable to the Borrower s (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary s) equity interest therein as reasonably estimated by the Borrower (and such designation shall only be permitted to the extent such Investment is permitted under Section 6.06 ). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the making, incurrence or granting, as applicable, at the time of designation of any then-existing Investment, Indebtedness or Lien of such Subsidiary, as applicable provided that upon any re-designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be deemed to continue to have an Investment in the resulting Restricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the Borrower s Investment in such Restricted Subsidiary at the time of such re-designation, less (b) the portion of the fair market value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary attributable to the Borrower s equity therein at the time of such re-designation. 
 Section 5.11. Use of Proceeds . The Borrower shall use the proceeds of (a) the Initial Term Loans to finance working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and for any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents, including the payment of Transaction Costs, (b) 2019 Replacement Term Loans to prepay in full the outstanding principal amount of all Initial Term Loans on the First Amendment Effective Date, (c) the 2019 Incremental Term Loans to finance working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and for any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the repayment of any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing and or the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the First Amendment Transactions (as defined in the First Amendment)), (d) the Term B-2 Loans to finance working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and for any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the repayment of any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing and or the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the Second Amendment Transactions (as defined in the Second Amendment) and the Third Amendment 
 104 

Transactions (as defined in the Third Amendment)), (e) the Additional 2019 New Term Loans to finance working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and for any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the repayment of any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing and or the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the Fourth Amendment Transactions (as defined in the Fourth Amendment)), (f) the Replacement Term B-3 Loans to prepay in full the outstanding principal amount of all Term B-2 Loans on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, (g) the Incremental Term B-3 Loans to finance working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and for any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the repayment of any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing and or the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the Fifth Amendment Transactions (as defined in the Fifth Amendment)) and (h) the Term B-4 Loans to finance working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and for any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the repayment of any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing and or the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the Sixth Amendment Transactions (as defined in the Sixth Amendment) and the Seventh Amendment Transactions (as defined in the Seventh Amendment) . 
 Section 5.12. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security . 
 (a) Upon (i) the formation or acquisition after the Closing Date of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not an Excluded Subsidiary, including as a result of a Division, (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary (including pursuant to the last sentence of the definition of Guarantor or (iii) the designation of a Discretionary Guarantor, (x) if the designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary as Restricted Subsidiary or the event giving rise to the obligation under this Section 5.12(a) occurs during the first three Fiscal Quarters of any Fiscal Year, on or before the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) for the Fiscal Quarter in which the relevant formation, acquisition, designation or cessation occurred or (y) if the designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary as Restricted Subsidiary or the event giving rise to the obligation under this Section 5.12(a) occurs during the fourth Fiscal Quarter of any Fiscal Year, on or before the date that is 60 days after the end of such Fiscal Quarter (or, in the cases of clauses (x) and (y) , such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Borrower shall (A) cause such Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) to comply with the requirements set forth in clause (a) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (B) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, cause the relevant Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) or Discretionary Guarantor to deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of a customary opinion of counsel for such Restricted Subsidiary or Discretionary Guarantor, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the other relevant Secured Parties. 
 (b) Within 120 days after the acquisition by any Loan Party of any Material Real Estate Asset other than any Excluded Asset (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Borrower shall cause such Loan Party to comply with the requirements set forth in clause (b) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement (it being understood and agreed that, with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset owned by any Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary is required to become a Loan Party under Section 5.12(a) above, such Material Real Estate Asset shall be deemed to have been acquired by such Restricted Subsidiary on the last day of the time period within which such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Loan Party under Section 5.12(a) ). 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, it is understood and agreed that 
 (i) the Administrative Agent may grant extensions of time (at any time, including after the expiration of any relevant period, which will be retroactive) for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining of title insurance, legal opinions, surveys or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Loan Guaranty by any Restricted Subsidiary (in connection with assets acquired, or Restricted Subsidiaries formed or acquired after the Closing Date), and each Lender hereby consents to any such extension of time, 
 105 

(ii) any Lien required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth in the Collateral Documents, 
 (iii) perfection by control shall not be required with respect to assets requiring perfection through control agreements or other control arrangements (other than control of pledged Capital Stock and or Material Debt Instruments, in each case to the extent otherwise constituting Collateral), 
 (iv) no Loan Party shall be required to seek any landlord lien waiver, bailee letter, estoppel, warehouseman waiver or other collateral access or similar letter or agreement 
 (v) no Loan Party will be required to (A) take any action outside of the U.S. in order to create or perfect any security interest in any asset located outside of the U.S., (B) execute any foreign law security agreement, pledge agreement, mortgage, deed or charge or (C) make any foreign intellectual property filing, conduct any foreign intellectual property search or prepare any foreign intellectual property schedule 
 (vi) in no event will the Collateral include any Excluded Asset, 
 (vii) no action shall be required to perfect any Lien with respect to (1) any vehicle or other asset subject to a certificate of title, (2) letter-of-credit rights, (3) the Capital Stock of any Immaterial Subsidiary and or (4) the Capital Stock of any Person that is not a Subsidiary, which Person, if a Subsidiary, would constitute an Immaterial Subsidiary, in each case except to the extent that a security interest therein can be perfected by filing a Form UCC-1 (or similar) financing statement under the UCC, 
 (viii) any joinder or supplement to any Loan Guaranty, any Collateral Document and or any other Loan Document executed by any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.12(a) above may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), include such schedules (or updates to schedules) as may be necessary to ensure that any representation or warranty is true and correct to the extent required thereby or by the terms of any other Loan Document, and 
 (ix) any time periods to comply with the foregoing Section 5.12(a) shall not apply to Discretionary Guarantors 
 provided that clauses (iii) , (v) and (vi) shall not apply to the Capital Stock or assets of a Foreign Discretionary Guarantor that becomes a Guarantor pursuant to the last sentence of the definition of Guarantor. 
 Section 5.13. Maintenance of Ratings . The Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain public corporate credit facility and public corporate family ratings from each of S&P and Moody s provided that in no event shall the Borrower be required to maintain any specific rating with any such agency. 
 Section 5.14. Further Assurances . Promptly upon request of the Administrative Agent and subject to the limitations described in Section 5.12 
 (a) Subject to the rights of tenants or other occupants of any Real Estate Investment and obligors of any CRE Finance Asset (in each case, to the extent such rights were not created in contemplation of the requirements of this Section 5.14(a) ), the Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements, instruments, certificates, notices and acknowledgments and take all such further actions (including the filing and recordation of financing statements, fixture filings, Mortgages and or amendments thereto and other documents), that may be required under any applicable Requirements of Law and which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to ensure the 
 106 

creation, perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created under the Collateral Documents, all at the expense of the relevant Loan Parties. 
 (b) The Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to (i) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts (including notices to third parties), deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to ensure the creation, perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created under the Collateral Documents. 
 ARTICLE 6 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 From the Closing Date and until the Termination Date, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 Section 6.01. Indebtedness . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except 
 (a) the Obligations (including any Additional Term Loans) 
 (b) Indebtedness of the Borrower to any Restricted Subsidiary and or of any Restricted Subsidiary to the Borrower and or any other Restricted Subsidiary provided that in the case of any Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party owing to any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party, such Indebtedness shall be permitted as an Investment under Section 6.06 provided , further , that any Indebtedness of any Loan Party owed to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party must be expressly subordinated to the Obligations of such Loan Party on terms that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (including pursuant to an Intercompany Note) 
 (c) reserved 
 (d) Indebtedness arising from any agreement providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations (including contingent earn-out obligations) incurred in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder, any acquisition permitted hereunder or consummated prior to the Closing Date and not in contemplation thereof or any other purchase of assets or Capital Stock, and Indebtedness arising from guarantees, letters of credit, bank guarantees, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments securing the performance of the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any such agreement 
 (e) Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) pursuant to tenders, statutory obligations, bids, leases, governmental contracts, trade contracts, surety, stay, customs, appeal, performance and or return of money bonds or other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments to support any of the foregoing items 
 (f) Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing and or otherwise in connection with 
 107 

Cash management and Deposit Accounts, including incentive, supplier finance or similar programs 
 (g) (i) guarantees by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary of the obligations of suppliers, customers and licensees in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase price of goods, services, CRE Finance Assets or Real Estate Investments or progress payments in connection with such assets, goods and services and (iii) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties or similar instruments supporting trade payables, warehouse receipts or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) guarantees by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.01 or other obligations not prohibited by this Agreement provided that in the case of any Guarantee by any Loan Party of the obligations of any non-Loan Party, the related Investment is permitted under Section 6.06 
 (i) Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary existing, or pursuant to commitments existing, on the Closing Date and, to the extent in excess of 6,000,000 described on Schedule 6.01 
 (j) reserved 
 (k) Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of obligations owing under incentive, supply, license or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums, (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business and or (iii) obligations to reacquire assets or inventory in connection with customer financing arrangements in the ordinary course of business 
 (m) Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to Finance Leases and purchase money Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of 50,000,000 and 0.36 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period 
 (n) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or Indebtedness assumed in connection with an acquisition or any other similar investment permitted hereunder after the Closing Date provided that (i) such Indebtedness (A) existed at the time such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or the assets subject to such Indebtedness were acquired and (B) was not created or incurred in anticipation of such acquisition or investment or such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) the Borrower is in compliance with Section 6.13(a) calculated on a Pro Forma Basis 
 (o) Indebtedness consisting of promissory notes issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any stockholder of the Borrower or any current or former director, officer, employee, member of management, manager or consultant of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (or their respective Immediate Family Members) to finance the purchase or redemption of Capital Stock of the Borrower permitted by Section 6.04(a) 
 (p) Indebtedness refinancing, refunding or replacing any Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a) , (i) , (m) , (n) , (r) , (u) , (y) , and (z) of this Section 6.01 Refinancing Indebtedness and any subsequent Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof provided that 
 108 

(i) the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except by (A) an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest, penalties and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus underwriting discounts, other reasonable and customary fees, commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments) incurred in connection with the relevant refinancing, refunding or replacement and the related refinancing transaction, (B) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (C) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.01 provided that (x) any additional Indebtedness referenced in this clause (C) satisfies the other applicable requirements of this definition (with additional amounts incurred in reliance on this clause (C) constituting a utilization of the relevant basket or exception pursuant to which such additional amount is permitted) and (y) if such additional Indebtedness is secured, the Lien securing such Indebtedness satisfies the applicable requirements of Section 6.02 ), 
 (ii) other than in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to clauses (i) , (m) , (n) , (r) , (u) and or (y) (and other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date of not longer than one year provided that any loans, notes, securities or other Indebtedness which are exchanged for or otherwise replace such bridge loans shall be subject to the requirements of this clause (ii) ), such Indebtedness has (A) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, a final maturity equal to or later than (and, in the case of revolving Indebtedness, does not require mandatory commitment reductions, if any, prior to) the earlier of (x) the then-existing Latest Maturity Date and (y) the final maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced and (B) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception and other than with respect to revolving Indebtedness, such Indebtedness (x) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced (without giving effect to any Prepayments thereof) or (y) a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the outstanding 2019 New Term Loans, Term B-3 Loans and Term B-4 Loans at such time, 
 (iii) reserved , 
 (iv) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to Indebtedness permitted under clauses (m) , (r) , (u) and (z) (solely as it relates to the Base Incremental Amount) of this Section 6.01 , the incurrence thereof shall be without duplication of any amounts outstanding in reliance on the relevant clause, 
 (v) except in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under clause (a) of this Section 6.01 incurred as Replacement Term Loans, (A) such Indebtedness, if secured, is secured only by Permitted Liens at the time of such refinancing, refunding or replacement (it being understood that secured Indebtedness may be refinanced with unsecured Indebtedness), and, to the extent the Liens securing such Indebtedness were contractually subordinated at time of such refinancing to the Liens on the Collateral securing the 2019 New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans and or the Term B-4 Loans, the Liens securing such Indebtedness either constitute Permitted Liens (other than pursuant to Section 6.02(k)) or are subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral securing the 2019 New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans and or the Term B-4 Loans on terms not materially less favorable (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), taken as a whole, to the Lenders than those applicable to the Liens securing the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, taken as a whole, or set forth in, or otherwise subject to, an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, (B) such Indebtedness is incurred by the obligor or obligors in respect of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 , (C) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced was expressly contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment, (x) such 
 109 

Indebtedness is contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment, or (y) if not contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment, the purchase, defeasance, redemption, repurchase, repayment, refinancing or other acquisition or retirement of such Indebtedness is permitted under Section 6.04(b) (other than Section 6.04(b)(i), and 
 (vi) in the case of Replacement Notes, (A) such Indebtedness is pari passu or junior in right of payment and secured by the Collateral on a pari passu or junior basis with respect to the remaining Obligations hereunder, or is unsecured provided that any such Indebtedness that is secured by Liens on the Collateral shall be subject to any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreements, (B) such Indebtedness is not secured by any assets other than the Collateral and shall not be incurred or Guaranteed by any Person other than one or more Loan Parties, (C) such Indebtedness is incurred under (and pursuant to) documentation other than this Agreement, and (D) if such Replacement Notes are incurred to refinance Indebtedness outstanding under the Loan Documents, then, except as otherwise set forth above in this Section 6.01(p) , the other terms and conditions of such Replacement Notes, if not substantially identical to those applicable to the Indebtedness being refinanced (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), must either, at the option of the Borrower, (x) not be materially more restrictive to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) than (when taken as a whole) those contained in the Indebtedness being refinanced (other than any terms which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Maturity Date with respect to such Indebtedness), (y) be conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the applicable Term Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent (i.e., by conforming or adding a term to the then-outstanding Term Loans pursuant to the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment, it being understood that, without limitation, any amendment or modification to the Loan Documents that solely adds one or more terms for the benefit of the existing Term Lenders shall not require the consent of any such existing Term Lender so long as the form (but not the substance) of the applicable agreement effecting such amendment or modification is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) or (z) reflect then current market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence or issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) it being understood and agreed that any such Indebtedness that is pari passu with the 2019 New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans and or the Term B-4 Loans hereunder in right of payment and secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Liens on the Collateral securing the 2019 New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans and or Term B-4 Loans may participate (x) in any voluntary prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(a)(i) and (y) in any mandatory prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(b) 
 (q) reserved 
 (r) Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 200 of the amount of Net Proceeds received by the Borrower from any cash contribution (made in Cash or converted into Cash) to the common equity of the Borrower and from the issuance and sale by the Borrower of its Qualified Capital Stock, in each case, (i) other than any Net Proceeds received from the sale of Capital Stock to, or contributions from, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) other than the Available Excluded Contribution Amount, Cure Amounts and amounts otherwise applied under the Available Amount to incur a transaction (the amount of any Net Proceeds or contribution utilized to incur Indebtedness in reliance on this clause (r) , a Contribution Indebtedness Amount 
 (s) Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Derivative Transaction not entered into for speculative purposes 
 110 

(t) Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary representing (i) deferred compensation to current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, and consultants of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) deferred compensation or other similar arrangements in connection with the Transactions, any Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment permitted hereby 
 (u) Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the sum of (i) the greater of 185,000,000 and 1.325 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, plus (ii) at the election of the Borrower (and without duplication), any amount reallocated to this Section 6.01(u)(ii) from Section 6.04(a)(x) provided that the Borrower may reallocate to Section 6.04(a)(x) any unutilized amounts under this 6.01(u)(ii) that were originally reallocated from Section 6.04(a)(x) )) 
 (v) reserved 
 (w) reserved 
 (x) reserved 
 (y) reserved 
 (z) Incremental Equivalent Debt 
 (aa) Indebtedness (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments with respect to such Indebtedness) incurred by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance (including premiums related thereto), other types of social security, pension obligations, vacation pay, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims 
 (bb) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party under any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing (and any Guarantees and co-borrower obligations of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, in each case, with respect to the foregoing), in each case, (i) to the extent that such Indebtedness and obligations are not secured by the assets of any Loan Party (other than Capital Stock held by such Loan Party that constitutes Capital Stock issued by any Person that is not a Loan Party and is an obligor, or provides credit support, with respect to such Indebtedness) and (ii) so long as the Borrower is in compliance with Section 6.13(a) calculated on a Pro Forma Basis 
 (cc) reserved 
 (dd) reserved 
 (ee) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to the extent that the unfunded amounts would not otherwise cause an Event of Default under Section 7.01(i) 
 (ff) security deposits, diligence deposits, purchase price deposits, reserves, advance payments and similar monetary items (in each case, to the extent constituting Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), received in the ordinary course of business (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) from current or prospective borrowers under any CRE 
 111 

Finance Asset, tenants or other occupants, purchasers for the acquisition, refinancing or occupancy of, or Investment in, CRE Finance Assets and Real Estate Investments 
 (gg) Indebtedness incurred by a Securitization Subsidiary in a Qualified Securitization Financing that is not recourse (except for Standard Securitization Undertakings) to the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries and 
 (hh) without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest and payment in kind interest), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses and charges with respect to Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary hereunder. 
 Section 6.02. Liens . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any property of any kind owned by it, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except 
 (a) Liens securing the Secured Obligations created pursuant to the Loan Documents 
 (b) Liens for Taxes which (i) are not then due and payable, or (ii) are being contested in accordance with Section 5.03 
 (c) statutory or common law Liens (and rights of set-off) of landlords, banks, brokers, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens imposed by applicable Requirements of Law, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than 90 days, (ii) for amounts that are overdue by more than 90 days and that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as any reserves or other appropriate provisions required by GAAP have been made for any such contested amounts or (iii) with respect to which the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (d) Liens incurred (i) in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security laws and regulations, (ii) in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money), (iii) pursuant to pledges and deposits of Cash or Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business securing (x) any liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of insurance carriers providing property, casualty, liability or other insurance to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (y) leases or licenses of property otherwise permitted by this Agreement and (iv) to secure Obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above 
 (e) Liens consisting of easements, rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), encroachments, protrusions, conditions and other similar encumbrances and defects or irregularities in title, in each case, which, either (i) do not, in the aggregate, materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower and or its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or both the then-current and intended use of the affected property or (ii) solely with respect to Real Estate Investments, any applicable title company providing the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or the applicable provider of CRE Financing with respect thereto, with title insurance with respect thereto insures over (without including an exception therefor) 
 (f) Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of a lessor, sub-lessor, licensor or sub-licensor under any lease, sublease or license of real estate permitted hereunder, (ii) landlord lien permitted by the terms of any lease, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest or title of such lessor, sub-lessor, licensor or sub-licensor may be subject or (iv) subordination of the 
 112 

interest of the lessee, sub-lessee, licensee or sub-licensee under such lease to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii) 
 (g) Liens (i) solely on any Cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to any Investment permitted hereunder and (ii) consisting of an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 6.07 
 (h) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of UCC financing statements relating solely to operating leases or consignment or bailee arrangements, and Liens arising from precautionary UCC financing statements or similar filings 
 (i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods 
 (j) Liens in connection with any zoning, building or similar Requirement of Law (including, without limitation, notices of violation) or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any or dimensions of real property or the structure thereon, including Liens in connection with any condemnation or eminent domain proceeding or compulsory purchase order 
 (k) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to, and subject to the provisions (including with respect to priority and whether permitted to be secured) set forth in, Section 6.01(p) (solely with respect to the permitted refinancing of (x) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Sections 6.01(i) , (m) , (n) , (y) and (z) provided that, in the case of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(z) , such Liens extend only to Collateral) and (y) Indebtedness that is secured in reliance on Section 6.02(u) (without duplication of any amount outstanding thereunder)) provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any asset not covered by the Lien securing the Indebtedness that is being refinanced unless otherwise permitted by this Section 6.02 and (ii) if the Lien securing the Indebtedness being refinanced applied to Collateral and was subject to intercreditor arrangements, then any Lien as to such Collateral securing any refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof shall be subject to (A) intercreditor arrangements that are not materially less favorable to the Secured Parties, taken as a whole, than the intercreditor arrangements governing the Lien securing the Indebtedness that is refinanced or (B) an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement 
 (l) Liens existing, or required pursuant to commitments existing on the Closing Date and, to the extent any such Lien secures amounts in excess of 6,000,000, described on Schedule 6.02 and any modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension thereof provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 , (B) proceeds and products thereof, replacements, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates) and (C) Liens otherwise permitted by this Section 6.02 , and (ii) any such modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, if constituting Indebtedness, is permitted by Section 6.01 
 (m) reserved 
 (n) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(m) provided that any such Lien shall encumber only the asset acquired with the proceeds of such Indebtedness and proceeds and products thereof, replacements, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates) 
 113 

(o) (i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(n) on the relevant acquired assets or on the Capital Stock and assets of the relevant acquired Subsidiary at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and (ii) Liens on property or other assets at the time the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary acquired the property or such other assets, including any acquisition by means of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary provided that no such Lien (x) extends to or covers any other assets (other than the proceeds or products thereof, replacements, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon) or (y) was created in contemplation of the applicable acquisition or Investment or in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary 
 (p) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of setoff or netting relating to (A) the establishment of depositary relations with banks not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (B) pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (D) commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits, (iii) bankers Liens and rights and remedies as to Deposit Accounts, (iv) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 or 4-210 of the UCC on items in the ordinary course of business, (v) Liens in favor of banking or other financial institutions arising as a matter of Law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institution s general terms and conditions, (vi) Liens on the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any transaction permitted hereunder, which proceeds have been deposited into an escrow account on customary terms to secure such Indebtedness pending the application of such proceeds to finance such transaction, (vii) Liens of the type described in the foregoing clauses (i) , (ii) , (iii) , (iv) and (v) securing obligations under Sections 6.01(f) , 6.01(s) and or 6.01(ff) and (viii) Liens in favor of any servicer, depository or cash management bank, title company, custodian, bailee or other service provider in connection with the administration of any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing 
 (q) Liens on assets and Capital Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (including Capital Stock owned by such Persons) securing Indebtedness, Refinancing Indebtedness and other obligations of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties permitted under this Agreement (or co-borrower or guarantee obligations of any Loan Party with respect to Indebtedness and other obligations permitted under Section 6.01(bb) as to which any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party is the primary obligor thereunder) 
 (r) Liens securing obligations (other than obligations representing Indebtedness for borrowed money) under operating, reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and or its Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (s) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred in reliance on, and subject to the provisions, (including with respect to priority and whether permitted to be secured), set forth in, Section 6.01(z) provided , that any Lien that is granted in reliance on this clause (s) on the Collateral shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement 
 (t) Liens on assets securing Asset Financing Facilities and CRE Financings provided that no such Lien extends to any additional assets other than (i) the CRE Finance Assets or Real Estate Investments, as applicable, financed by such Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, as applicable,(ii) any corresponding Financing Equity and (iii) other assets ancillary to such CRE Finance Asset or Real Estate Investments owned by the Financing SPE Subsidiary under such Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, as applicable 
 (u) (i) Liens on assets securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the greater of 185,000,000 and 1.325 
 114 

of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period and (ii) Liens with respect to property or assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries securing obligations not to exceed the amount under Section 6.04(a)(x) that is then reallocated to Section 6.01(u)(ii) 
 (v) (i) Liens on assets securing judgments, awards, attachments and or decrees and notices of lis pendens and associated rights relating to litigation being contested in good faith not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.01(h) and (ii) any pledge and or deposit securing any settlement of litigation 
 (w) (i) leases, subleases, licenses, sublicense concessions or other occupancy agreements granted to others in the ordinary course of business (determined by the Borrower in good faith) which do not secure any Indebtedness, and (ii) restrictions and encumbrances to which the interest or title of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as lessor, sub-lessor, licensor or sub-licensor may be subject in connection therewith (including, without limitation, under any non-disturbance provisions) 
 (x) Liens on Securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Investments permitted under Section 6.06 arising out of such repurchase transaction 
 (y) Liens securing obligations in respect letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments permitted under Sections 6.01(d) , (e) , (g) and (aa) 
 (z) Liens arising (i) out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of any asset in the ordinary course of business and permitted by this Agreement or (ii) by operation of law under Article 2 of the UCC (or similar Requirement of Law under any jurisdiction) 
 (aa) Liens (i) in favor of any Loan Party and or (ii) granted by any non-Loan Party in favor of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party 
 (bb) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto 
 (cc) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and the proceeds thereof securing the relevant Person s obligations in respect of documentary letters of credit or banker s acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or goods 
 (dd) licenses, sublicenses and cross-licenses involving any IP Rights in the ordinary course of business or on a non-exclusive basis 
 (ee) (i) Liens on Capital Stock of joint ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiaries securing capital contributions to, or obligations of, such Persons, (ii) rights of first refusal and tag, drag, forced sale, major decisions and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries, in each case, in the ordinary course of business (determined by the Borrower in good faith) and (iii) Liens on Capital Stock in joint ventures pursuant to the relevant joint venture agreement or arrangement 
 (ff) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness 
 (gg) Liens consisting of the prior rights of consignees and their lenders under consignment arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 115 

(hh) Liens on the Collateral (i) ranking pari passu in right of priority with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Term Loans to the extent the Senior Debt to Total Assets Ratio does not exceed 80.0 on a Pro Forma Basis and (ii) ranking junior in right of priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Term Loans to the extent the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio does not exceed 82.0 on a Pro Forma Basis provided that, in the case of each of clause (i) and (ii ), such Liens shall be subject to any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement 
 (ii) Liens on the Securitization Assets arising in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing 
 (jj) Liens disclosed in any Mortgage Policy delivered pursuant to Section 5.12 with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset and any replacement, extension or renewal thereof provided that no such replacement, extension or renewal Lien shall cover any property other than the property that was subject to such Lien prior to such replacement, extension or renewal (and additions thereto, improvements thereon and the proceeds thereof) and 
 (kk) Liens on Financing Equity or CRE Finance Assets securing funding obligations or commitments of the Borrower or any Financing SPE Subsidiary in respect of such CRE Finance Asset (including such Liens provided under any co-lender, intercreditor, participation or similar agreement). 
 Section 6.03. Reserved . 
 Section 6.04. Restricted Payments Restricted Debt Payments . 
 (a) The Borrower shall not pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that 
 (i) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments consisting of dividends or other similar distributions on account of its Capital Stock declared by the Borrower in any Fiscal Quarter provided that such dividends or similar distributions may be paid by the Borrower within 60 calendar days following the date that such dividend or other distribution is declared by the Borrower provided , further , that, solely for purposes of this clause (i), the amount of such dividends or distributions declared in any Fiscal Quarter as to which Restricted Payments are made pursuant to this clause (i) shall not exceed the greater of (x) the amount necessary to enable the Borrower to maintain its REIT Status provided that the Borrower may make such distributions in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents notwithstanding whether dividends in a form other than cash or Cash Equivalents would be sufficient to maintain the Borrower s REIT Status) and (y) 100.0 of estimated Core Earnings of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, determined in good faith by the Borrower on a run-rate basis as of the date of declaration of the relevant Restricted Payment, for the full fiscal quarter in which the applicable Restricted Payment is declared 
 (ii) the Borrower may pay to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Subsidiary held by any present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager or consultant (or any Affiliate or Immediate Family Member thereof) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (or of the Manager or any Affiliate thereof) 
 (A) with Cash and Cash Equivalents (and including, to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, amounts paid in respect of promissory notes issued to evidence any obligation to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Subsidiary held by any present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager or consultant (or any Affiliate or Immediate Family Member thereof) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (or of the Manager or any Affiliate thereof)) in an amount not to exceed, in any Fiscal Year, the greater of 25,000,000 and 0.18 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the 
 116 

most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, which, if not used in such Fiscal Year, shall be carried forward to succeeding Fiscal Years 
 (B) with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of, or any capital contribution in respect of, the Capital Stock of the Borrower (to the extent such proceeds are contributed in respect of Qualified Capital Stock to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any such proceeds or contribution that forms part of any Available Excluded Contribution Amount, Cure Amount or outstanding Contribution Indebtedness Amount or to the extent such proceeds or contribution has increased the Available Amount and is applied to incur an applicable transaction under the Available Amount)) or 
 (C) with the net proceeds of any key-man life insurance policies 
 (iii) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed (A) the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (iii)(A) and or (B) the portion, if any, of the unutilized Available Excluded Contribution Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (iii)(B) 
 (iv) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments consisting of Cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with the exercise, settlement, grant or vesting of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise based on, Capital Stock of the Borrower 
 (v) the Borrower may repurchase Capital Stock upon the exercise, settlement, grant or vesting of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise based on, Capital Stock if such Capital Stock represents all or a portion of the exercise price of, or tax withholdings with respect to, such warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise based on, Capital Stock 
 (vi) reserved 
 (vii) reserved 
 (viii) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to (i) redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any Capital Stock Treasury Capital Stock of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary) of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower to the extent any such proceeds are contributed to the capital of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Qualified Capital Stock Refunding Capital Stock and (ii) declare and pay dividends on any Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of any Refunding Capital Stock provided that any amount applied to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to this clause (viii) shall not be applied or used as any Cure Amount or any Contribution Indebtedness Amount or to increase the Available Amount or the Available Excluded Contribution Amount 
 (ix) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, the Borrower may consummate any transaction permitted by Section 6.06 (other than Sections 6.06(j) and (t) ), Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(g) and Section 6.09 (other than Sections 6.09(d), (j) and (q) 
 (x) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 350,000,000 and 2.5 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) , (f) or (g) exists, minus any amounts then reallocated at the election of the Borrower (and without duplication) to Section 6.01(u), Section 6.04(b)(iv) or Section 6.06(q)(i) at such time of determination 
 117 

(xi) reserved 
 (xii) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments with the Capital Stock of, or Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries, the primary assets of which are cash and or Cash Equivalents contributed by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) and 
 (xiii) the Borrower may declare and make dividend payments or other Restricted Payments payable solely in the Capital Stock of the Borrower. 
 (b) The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make any Prepayment in respect of principal of any Junior Debt, including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Junior Debt more than one year prior to the scheduled maturity date thereof (collectively, Restricted Debt Payments ), except 
 (i) with respect to any purchase, defeasance, redemption, repurchase, repayment or other acquisition or retirement of Junior Debt made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, either (x) Refinancing Indebtedness or (y) any other Indebtedness or Disqualified Capital Stock permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 
 (ii) as part of an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payment 
 (iii) payments of regularly scheduled interest (including any penalty interest, if applicable) and payments of fees, expenses and indemnification obligations as and when due (other than payments with respect to Junior Debt that are prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof) 
 (iv) Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of Section 6.04(a)(x) at such time of determination that the Borrower elects to reallocate to this Section 6.04(b)(iv) 
 (v) (A) Restricted Debt Payments in exchange for, or with proceeds of any issuance of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower and or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower, in each case, other than any such issuance to, or contribution by, any Restricted Subsidiary and except to the extent such amount is applied as any Cure Amount or utilized to incur outstanding Indebtedness pursuant to the Contribution Indebtedness Amount or to make any Restricted Payment, Investment or Restricted Debt Payment pursuant to the Available Amount or the Available Excluded Contribution Amount, (B) Restricted Debt Payments as a result of the conversion of all or any portion of any Junior Debt into Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower and (C) to the extent constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, payment-in-kind interest with respect to any Junior Debt that is permitted under Section 6.01 
 (vi) Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed (A) the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (vi)(A) and (B) the portion, if any, of the Available Excluded Contribution Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (vi)(B) and 
 (vii) (A) Restricted Debt Payments of Junior Debt made with Declined Proceeds (it being understood that any Declined Proceeds applied to make Restricted Debt Payments in reliance on this Section 6.04(b)(vii)(A) shall not increase the amount available under clause (a)(ix) of the definition of Available Amount to the extent so applied) and (B) Restricted Debt Payments of Junior Debt to the extent such Junior Debt was assumed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment, which such assumption by permitted under Section 6.01 , and such Junior Debt was not issued in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition. 
 118 

Section 6.05. Burdensome Agreements . Except as provided herein or in any other Loan Document and or in agreements with respect to refinancings, renewals or replacements of such Indebtedness that are permitted by Section 6.01 , the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into or cause to exist any agreement restricting the ability of (x) any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Loan Party to pay dividends or other distributions to the Borrower or any Loan Party, (y) any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to make cash loans or advances to the Borrower or any Loan Party or (z) any Loan Party to create, permit or grant a Lien on any of its properties or assets to secure the Secured Obligations (each, a Burdensome Agreement ), except restrictions 
 (a) set forth in any agreement evidencing or relating to (i) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party permitted by Section 6.01 , (ii) Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 that is secured by a Permitted Lien if the relevant restriction applies only to the Person obligated under such Indebtedness and its Restricted Subsidiaries or the assets intended to secure such Indebtedness and (iii) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to clauses (m), (p) (as it relates to Indebtedness in respect of clauses (a), (m), (r), (u) and or (y) of Section 6.01), (r), (u), (y), (bb) or (ff) of Section 6.01 
 (b) arising under customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting, licensing, sublicensing or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in CRE Finance Assets, Real Estate Investments, leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, concessions, occupancy agreements, joint venture agreements, co-lender agreements, intercreditor agreements, participation agreements, purchase and sale agreements, servicing agreements, custodial agreements and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business (determined by the Borrower in good faith) 
 (c) that are or were created by virtue of any Lien granted upon, transfer of, agreement to transfer or grant of, any option or right with respect to any assets or Capital Stock not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement 
 (d) that are assumed in connection with any acquisition of property or the Capital Stock of any Person, so long as the relevant encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the Person and its subsidiaries (including the Capital Stock of the relevant Person or Persons) and or property so acquired and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition 
 (e) set forth in any agreement for any Disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary (or all or substantially all of the assets thereof) that restricts the payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash loans or advances by such Restricted Subsidiary pending such Disposition 
 (f) set forth in provisions in agreements or instruments which prohibit the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions with respect to any class of Capital Stock of a Person other than on a pro rata basis 
 (g) imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company organizational governance documents, joint venture agreements and other similar agreements 
 (h) on Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions imposed by any Person under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions exist 
 (i) set forth in documents which exist on the Closing Date and were not created in contemplation thereof 
 (j) arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred after the Closing Date if the relevant restrictions, taken as a whole, are 
 119 

not materially less favorable to the Lenders than the restrictions contained in this Agreement, taken as a whole (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) 
 (k) arising under or as a result of applicable Requirements of Law or the terms of any license, authorization, concession or permit 
 (l) arising in any Hedge Agreement (or any other agreement relating to any Derivative Transaction permitted under this Agreement) or any customary agreement in respect of deposit, treasury or cash management services 
 (m) relating to any asset (or all of the assets) of and or the Capital Stock of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary which is imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into in connection with any Disposition of such asset (or assets) and or all or a portion of the Capital Stock of the relevant Person that is permitted or not restricted by this Agreement 
 (n) set forth in any agreement relating to any Permitted Lien that limit the right of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to Dispose of or encumber the assets subject thereto 
 (o) set forth in agreements entered into in connection with the administration, operation or management of CRE Finance Assets, Asset Financing Facilities, Real Estate Investments and or CRE Financings in the ordinary course of business (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) 
 (p) imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of any contract, instrument or obligation referred to in clauses (a) through (n) above provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in existence prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. 
 Section 6.06. Investments . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make or own any Investment in any other Person except 
 (a) Cash or Investments that were Cash Equivalents at the time made 
 (b) (i) Investments in the Borrower and or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) Investments made by any Loan Party and or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in the form of any contribution to or Disposition of the Capital Stock of any Person to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (c) Investments (i) constituting deposits, prepayments and or other credits to suppliers, (ii) made in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts and or (iii) in the form of advances made to distributors, suppliers, licensors and licensees, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or, in the case of clause (iii) , to the extent necessary to maintain the ordinary course of supplies to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (d) Investments in any Similar Business (including, for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent constituting a Similar Business, joint ventures) in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of 50,000,000 and 0.36 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis 
 (e) Permitted Acquisitions 
 (f) Investments (i) existing on, or contractually committed to or contemplated as of, the Closing Date and, to the extent any such Investment in excess of 6,000,000, described on 
 120 

Schedule 6.06 and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment described in clause (i) above so long as no such modification, renewal or extension increases the amount of such Investment except by the terms thereof or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 
 (g) Investments received in lieu of Cash in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 6.07 or any other disposition of assets not constituting a Disposition 
 (h) loans or advances to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants or independent contractors (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, the Manager (or its Affiliates) and or any joint venture to the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, in connection with such Person s purchase of Capital Stock of the Borrower, either (i) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of 10,000,000 and 0.0725 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis at any one time outstanding or (ii) so long as the proceeds of such loan or advance are substantially contemporaneously contributed to the Borrower for the purchase of such Capital Stock 
 (i) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business 
 (j) Investments consisting of (or resulting from) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 (other than Indebtedness permitted under Sections 6.01(b and (h) ), Permitted Liens, Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.04 (other than Section 6.04(a)(ix) ), Restricted Debt Payments permitted by Section 6.04 and mergers, consolidations, amalgamations, liquidations, windings up, dissolutions or Dispositions permitted by Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(a) (if made in reliance on subclause (ii)(y) of the proviso thereto), Section 6.07(b) (if made in reliance on clause (ii) therein), Section 6.07(c)(ii) (if made in reliance on clause (B) therein) and Section 6.07(g) 
 (k) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers 
 (l) Investments (including debt obligations and Capital Stock) received (i) in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Person, (ii) in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers, suppliers and other account debtors arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) upon foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment and or (iv) as a result of the settlement, compromise, resolution of litigation, arbitration or other disputes 
 (m) loans and advances of payroll payments or other compensation to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, to the extent such payments or other compensation relate to services provided to the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (n) Investments to the extent that payment therefor is made solely with Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower, in each case, to the extent not resulting in a Change of Control 
 (o) (i) Investments of any Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date, or of any Person acquired by, or merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case as part of an Investment otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of the relevant acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment permitted under clause (i) of this Section 6.06(o) so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof 
 121 

increases the original amount of such Investment except as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.06 
 (p) Investments in CRE Finance Assets and Real Estate Investments 
 (q) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed, without duplication 
 (i) the sum of (X) greater of 50,000,000 and 0.36 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis and (Y) at the election of the Borrower (and without duplication), any amounts then reallocated from Section 6.04(a)(x) to this Section 6.06(q)(i)(Y) provided that the Borrower may reallocate to Section 6.04(a)(x) any unutilized amounts under this Section 6.06(q)(i)(Y) that were originally reallocated from Section 6.04(a)(x) ), plus 
 (ii) in the event that (A) the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries makes any Investment after the Closing Date in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and (B) such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, an amount equal to 100.0 of the fair market value of such Investment as of the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary 
 (r) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed (i) the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (r)(i) and or (ii) the portion, if any, of the Available Excluded Contribution Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (r)(ii) 
 (s) (i) Guarantees of leases (other than Finance Leases) or of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness and (ii) Guarantees of the lease obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Borrower and or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in the ordinary course of business 
 (t) reserved 
 (u) repurchases of Secured Obligations through open market purchases and Dutch Auctions, in each case, to the extent such repurchase or purchase is otherwise permitted hereunder 
 (v) Investments in Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with internal reorganizations and or restructurings and activities related to tax planning provided that, after giving effect to any such reorganization, restructuring or activity, neither the Loan Guaranty, taken as a whole, nor the security interest of the Administrative Agent in the Collateral, taken as a whole, is materially impaired 
 (w) Investments under any Derivative Transaction of the type permitted under Section 6.01(s) 
 (x) Investments in any joint ventures and Unrestricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 50,000,000 and 0.36 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis 
 (y) Investments made in joint ventures as required by, or made pursuant to, customary buy sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture agreements and similar binding arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 122 

(z) Investments made in connection with any nonqualified deferred compensation plan or arrangement for any present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants or independent contractors (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, the Manager (or its Affiliates) and or any joint venture 
 (aa) Investments in the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary and or joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements and related activities in the ordinary course of business 
 (bb) Investments so long as (x) no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) , (f) or (g) exists or would result therefrom and (y) on a Pro Forma Basis, the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio does not exceed 82.0 as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis 
 (cc) any Investment made by any Unrestricted Subsidiary prior to the date on which such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated as a Restricted Subsidiary so long as the relevant Investment was not made in contemplation of the designation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary 
 (dd) Investments consisting of the licensing or contribution of IP Rights pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons and 
 (ee) so long as the Borrower would be in compliance with Section 6.13(a) on a Pro Forma Basis, (i) Investments in a Securitization Subsidiary or any Investment by a Securitization Subsidiary in any other Person in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing provided , however , that any such Investment in a Securitization Subsidiary is in the form of a contribution of additional Securitization Assets or equity and (ii) distributions or payments of Securitization Fees and purchases of Securitization Assets pursuant to a Securitization Repurchase Obligation in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing. 
 Section 6.07. Fundamental Changes Disposition of Assets . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction of merger, consolidation or amalgamation, consummate a Division as the Dividing Person, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve themselves (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or otherwise make any Disposition of any assets, except 
 (a) (i) any Restricted Subsidiary may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary may consummate a Division as the Dividing Person if, immediately upon the consummation of the Division, the assets of the applicable Dividing Person are held by one or more Subsidiaries at such time, or, with respect to assets not so held by one or more Subsidiaries, such Division, in the aggregate, would otherwise result in a Disposition permitted by Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(a) provided that (A) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into the Borrower, (1) the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (2) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation is not the Borrower (any such Person, the Successor Borrower ), (x) the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the law of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (y) the Successor Borrower shall expressly assume the Obligations of the Borrower in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (z) except as the Administrative Agent may otherwise agree, each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, shall have executed and delivered a reaffirmation agreement with respect to its obligations under the Loan Guaranty and the other Loan Documents it being understood and agreed that if the foregoing conditions under clauses (x) through (z) are satisfied, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (B) in the case of any such merger or Division, consolidation or amalgamation with or into the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, either (1) 
 123 

the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person or the continuing or surviving Person shall expressly assume the obligations of the Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (2) the relevant transaction shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 6.06 
 (b) Dispositions (including of Capital Stock) among the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) (including as a result of a Division) 
 (c) (i) the liquidation or dissolution of any Restricted Subsidiary if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower, is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary receives any assets of the relevant dissolved or liquidated Restricted Subsidiary provided that in the case of any liquidation or dissolution of any Loan Party that results in a distribution of assets to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such distribution shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 6.06 (other than in reliance on clause (j) thereof) (ii) any merger or Division, amalgamation, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, the purpose of which is to effect (A) any Disposition otherwise permitted under this Section 6.07 (other than clause (a) , clause (b) or this clause (c) or (B) any Investment permitted under Section 6.06 and (iii) the conversion of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary into another form of entity, so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of the Loan Guaranty or Collateral, if any 
 (d) (x) Dispositions of obsolete, damaged or worn out property or assets, inventory, equipment and other assets in the ordinary course of business (as determined in good faith by the management of the Borrower), and property or assets no longer used or useful in the ordinary course or the principal business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) and (y) the leasing or subleasing of real property in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) Dispositions of surplus, obsolete, used or worn out property or other property that, in the reasonable judgment of the Borrower, is (A) no longer useful in its business (or in the business of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower) or (B) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain 
 (f) Dispositions of Cash and or Cash Equivalents and or other assets that were Cash Equivalents when the relevant original Investment was made 
 (g) Dispositions, mergers, Divisions, amalgamations, consolidations or conveyances that constitute (w) Investments permitted pursuant to Section 6.06 (other than Section 6.06(j) ), (x) Permitted Liens and (y) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.04(a) (other than Section 6.04(a)(ix) 
 (h) Dispositions for fair market value provided that with respect to any such Disposition involving assets with a purchase price in excess of the greater of 45,000,000 and 0.35 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, at least 75 of the consideration for such Disposition shall consist of Cash or Cash Equivalents provided that for purposes of the 75 Cash consideration requirement, (w) the amount of any Indebtedness or other liabilities (other than Indebtedness or other liabilities that are subordinated to the Obligations or that are owed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (as shown on such Person s most recent balance sheet or statement of financial position (or in the notes thereto)) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets and for which the Borrower and or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary have been validly released by all relevant creditors in writing, (x) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any replacement assets acquired in connection with such Disposition, (y) any Securities received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by such Person into Cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the Cash or Cash Equivalents received) within 180 days following the closing of 
 124 

the applicable Disposition and (z) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (z) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of 105,000,000 and 0.75 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, in each case, shall be deemed to be Cash) provided , further , that (x) on the date on which the agreement governing such Disposition is executed, no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) , (f) or (g) exists and (y) the Net Proceeds of such Disposition shall be applied and or reinvested as (and to the extent) required by Section 2.11(b)(ii) 
 (i) to the extent that (i) the relevant property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property 
 (j) Dispositions of investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, customary buy sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements 
 (k) Dispositions of notes receivable or accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business (including any discount and or forgiveness thereof) or in connection with the collection or compromise thereof 
 (l) Dispositions and or terminations of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source license), (i) the Disposition or termination of which will not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) which relate to closed facilities or the discontinuation of any product line 
 (m) (i) any termination of any lease in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any expiration of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property and (iii) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or litigation claims (including in tort) in the ordinary course of business 
 (n) Dispositions of property subject to foreclosure, casualty, eminent domain or condemnation proceedings (including in lieu thereof or any similar proceeding) 
 (o) Dispositions or consignments of equipment, inventory or other assets (including leasehold interests in real property) with respect to facilities that are temporarily not in use, held for sale or closed 
 (p) Dispositions of Real Estate Investments in the ordinary course of business (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) 
 (q) Disposition of any assets (i) acquired in a acquisition or other investment permitted hereunder, which assets are (x) not used or useful in the ordinary course or the principal business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (y) non-core assets or unnecessary to the business or operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) made in connection with the approval of any applicable antitrust authority or otherwise necessary or advisable in the good faith determination of the Borrower to consummate any acquisition permitted hereunder 
 (r) exchanges or swaps, including transactions covered by Section 1031 of the Code (or any comparable provision of any foreign jurisdiction), of assets so long as any such exchange or swap is made for fair value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) for like assets provided that, upon the consummation of any such exchange or swap by any Loan Party, to the extent the assets received do not constitute an Excluded Asset, the Administrative Agent has a 
 125 

perfected Lien with the same priority as the Lien held on the Real Estate Assets so exchanged or swapped 
 (s) reserved 
 (t) (i) licensing, sublicensing and cross-licensing arrangements involving any IP Rights of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Dispositions, abandonments, cancellations or lapses of IP Rights, or issuances or registrations, or applications for issuances or registrations, of IP Rights, which, in the reasonable business judgment of the Borrower, are not material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, or are no longer economical to maintain in light of its use 
 (u) terminations or unwinds of Derivative Transactions 
 (v) Dispositions of Capital Stock of, or sales of Indebtedness or other Securities of, Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 (w) reserved 
 (x) Dispositions made to comply with any order of any Governmental Authority or any applicable Requirement of Law 
 (y) any merger, consolidation, Disposition or conveyance the sole purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize (i) any Domestic Subsidiary in another jurisdiction in the U.S. and or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction 
 (z) any sale of motor vehicles and information technology equipment purchased at the end of an operating lease and resold thereafter 
 (aa) Dispositions involving assets having a fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower at the time of the relevant Disposition) of not more than the greater of 50,000,000 and 0.36 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis in any Fiscal Year, which, if not used in such Fiscal Year, shall be carried forward to succeeding Fiscal Years 
 (bb) so long as the Borrower would be in compliance with Section 6.13(a) on a Pro Forma Basis, any Disposition of Securitization Assets to a Securitization Subsidiary provided , that such Disposition shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such Disposition as determined by the Borrower in good faith and 
 (cc) any Disposition of Securitization Assets (other than to a Securitization Subsidiary) or related assets in connection with any Qualified Securitization Financing. 
 To the extent that any Collateral is Disposed of as expressly permitted by this Section 6.07 to any Person other than a Loan Party, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, which Liens shall be automatically released upon the consummation of such Disposition it being understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to take, and shall take, any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing in accordance with Article 8 hereof. 
 Section 6.08. Reserved . 
 Section 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) involving payment in excess of 15,000,000 with any of their respective Affiliates on terms that are less favorable to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), than those that might be obtained at the 
 126 

time in a comparable arm s-length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to 
 (a) any transaction between or among the Borrower and or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries (or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction) to the extent permitted or not restricted by this Agreement 
 (b) any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of employment arrangements, stock options, incentive equity awards and similar arrangements, and stock or other equity ownership plans approved by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (c) (i) any collective bargaining, employment or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit sharing) arrangement entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with their respective current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (or of the Manager or its Affiliates), (ii) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Capital Stock pursuant to put call rights or similar rights with current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors and (iii) transactions pursuant to any employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option, equity incentive plan or similar arrangement and stock or other equity ownership plans, any health, disability or similar insurance plan which covers current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or any employment contract or arrangement 
 (d) (i) transactions permitted by Sections 6.01(d) , (o) and (ee) , 6.04 and 6.06(h) , (m) , (o) , (t) , (y) , (z) and (aa) and (ii) issuances of Capital Stock and issuances and incurrences of Indebtedness not restricted by this Agreement 
 (e) transactions in existence on the Closing Date and any amendment, modification or extension thereof to the extent such amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not (i) materially adverse to the Lenders or (ii) more disadvantageous to the Lenders than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date 
 (f) (i) so long as no Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) then exists or would result therefrom provided , that during such an Event of Default such fees may continue to accrue and become payable upon the waiver, termination or cure of the relevant Event of Default), the payment of management, monitoring, consulting, transaction, oversight, advisory and similar fees to the Manager (or its Affiliates) pursuant to any management agreement in place from time to time between the Borrower and the Manager (to the extent such management agreement is approved or ratified by the board of directors of the Borrower) and (ii) the payment or reimbursement of all indemnification obligations and expenses owed to the Manager (or its Affiliates) and any of their respective directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees and consultants, in each case whether currently due or paid in respect of accruals from prior periods 
 (g) the Transactions, including the payment of Transaction Costs 
 (h) customary compensation to Affiliates of the Borrower (or the Manager or Affiliates thereof) in connection with financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities and other transaction fees, which payments are approved by the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Borrower in good faith 
 (i) Guarantees permitted by Section 6.01 or Section 6.06 
 127 

(j) transactions among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are otherwise permitted (or not restricted) under this Article 6 
 (k) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, members of the board of directors (or similar governing body), officers, employees, members of management, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of employees or other labor entered into in the ordinary course of business, which are (i) fair to the Borrower and or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Borrower or the senior management thereof or (ii) on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably be obtained from a Person other than an Affiliate 
 (m) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to registration rights and customary indemnities provided to shareholders under any shareholder agreement 
 (n) any transaction in respect of which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter addressed to the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Borrower from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of nationally recognized standing stating that such transaction is on terms that are no less favorable to the Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary than might be obtained at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate 
 (o) the non-exclusive licensing of trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business to permit the commercial exploitation of Intellectual Property between or among Affiliates and Subsidiaries of the Borrower 
 (p) any Disposition of Securitization Assets or related assets in connection with any Qualified Securitization Financing 
 (q) any customary tax sharing agreements or arrangements entered into among the Borrower and any Affiliates or Subsidiaries of the Borrower and 
 (r) any (x) disposition of CRE Finance Assets, Real Estate Investments and or related assets in connection with any Asset Financing Facility and or CRE Financing, and any transaction in connection therewith and (y) any transaction in connection with the servicing, administration, operation or management (including property management) of CRE Finance Assets and or Real Estate Investments in the ordinary course of business (as determined in good faith by the Borrower). 
 Section 6.10. Conduct of Business . From and after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, engage in any material line of business other than a business which is not prohibited from being conducted by such Person while maintaining REIT Status with respect to the Borrower (including, without limitation, to the extent not prohibited from being conducted by such Person while maintaining REIT Status with respect to the Borrower, (x) similar, incidental, complementary, ancillary or related businesses to the businesses engaged in by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary on the Closing Date and (y) any business permitted to be engaged in by a taxable REIT subsidiary (as defined in Section 856 of the Code) pursuant to Section 856, et seq. of the Code). 
 Section 6.11. Reserved . 
 128 

Section 6.12. Fiscal Year . The Borrower shall not change its Fiscal Year-end to a date other than December 31 provided that the Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change the Fiscal Year-end of the Borrower to another date, in which case the Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in Fiscal Year. 
 Section 6.13. Financial Covenant . 
 (a) Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio . As of the last day of each Fiscal Quarter commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2019, the Borrower shall not permit the Total Debt to Total Assets Ratio to be greater than 83.333 (the Financial Covenant ). 
 (b) Financial Cure . 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (including Article 7 ), upon the occurrence of an Event of Default as a result of the Borrower s failure to comply with Section 6.13(a) above for any Fiscal Quarter, the Borrower shall have the right (the Cure Right (at any time during such Fiscal Quarter or thereafter until the date that is 15 Business Days after the date on which financial statements for such Fiscal Quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable) to issue Qualified Capital Stock for Cash or otherwise receive Cash contributions in respect of its Qualified Capital Stock (the Cure Amount ), and thereupon the Borrower s compliance with Section 6.13(a) shall be recalculated giving effect to a pro forma increase in the amount of Consolidated Total Assets by an amount equal to the Cure Amount solely for the purpose of determining compliance with Section 6.13(a) as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter and for applicable subsequent Fiscal Quarters. If, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculation (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account any repayment of Indebtedness in connection with determining compliance with Section 6.13(a) for the Fiscal Quarter with respect to which such Cure Right is exercised), the requirements of Section 6.13(a) would be satisfied, then the requirements of Section 6.13(a) shall be deemed satisfied as of the end of the relevant Fiscal Quarter with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable breach or default of Section 6.13(a) that had occurred (or would have occurred) shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (I) in each four consecutive Fiscal Quarter period there shall be at least two Fiscal Quarters (which may, but are not required to be, consecutive) in which the Cure Right is not exercised, (II) during the term of this Agreement, the Cure Right shall not be exercised more than five times (provided that, in addition to any remaining Fiscal Quarters as to which a Cure Right may be exercised under the cap set forth in this clause (II), there shall be an additional Cure Right under this clause (II) applicable solely after the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date) , (III) the Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required for the purpose of complying with Section 6.13(a) , (IV) upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of a written notice from the Borrower that the borrower intends to exercise the Cure Right until the 15th Business Day following the date on which financial statements for the Fiscal Quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable, neither the Administrative Agent (nor any sub-agent therefor) nor any Lender shall exercise any right to accelerate the Loans, and none of the Administrative Agent (nor any sub-agent therefor) nor any Lender or Secured Party shall exercise any right to foreclose on or take possession of the Collateral or any other right or remedy under the Loan Documents solely on the basis of the relevant Event of Default under Section 6.13(a) , (V) there shall be no pro forma reduction of the amount of Indebtedness by the amount of any Cure Amount for purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.13(a) for the Fiscal Quarter in respect of which the Cure Right was exercised and (VI) for the Fiscal Quarter with respect to which any Cure Amount is included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day thereof as a result of any exercise of the Cure Right, such increase to Consolidated Total Assets as a result of applying such Cure Amount shall be disregarded for purposes of determining whether any financial ratio or test or Basket set forth in Article 6 of this Agreement has been satisfied (other than any direct or indirect condition or requirement under any applicable Basket to be in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with Section 6.13(a) ). 
 129 

(ii) In addition to, and without limitation of, the Cure Right set forth in clause (ii) above, any breach of Section 6.13(a) in respect of a given Fiscal Quarter will be deemed to be cured if the applicable financial statements in accordance with Sections 5.01(a) or (b) , together with a related Compliance Certificate, for a subsequent Fiscal Quarter demonstrating compliance with the Financial Covenant for such subsequent Fiscal Quarter are delivered to the Administrative Agent, unless as at such date the Required Lenders have declared all Obligations to be immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01 on account of such Event of Default occurring as a result of such breach of Section 6.13(a) . 
 ARTICLE 7 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Section 7.01. Events of Default . If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default shall occur 
 (a) Failure To Make Payments When Due . Failure by the Borrower to pay (i) any installment of principal of any Loan when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by notice of voluntary prepayment, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise or (ii) any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount due hereunder within five Business Days after the date due or 
 (b) Default in Other Agreements . (i) Failure by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to pay when due any principal of or interest on or any other amount payable in respect of one or more items of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness referred to in clause (a) above) with an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor or (ii) breach or default by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any other term of (A) one or more items of Indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount or (B) any loan agreement, mortgage, indenture or other agreement relating to such item(s) of Indebtedness (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Indebtedness consisting of Hedging Obligations, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement which are not the result of any default thereunder by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary), in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor, if the effect of such breach or default is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become or be declared due and payable (or redeemable) prior to its stated maturity or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be provided that (X) clause (ii) of this paragraph (b) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and (Y) this clause (b) shall not apply to the extent such failure is remedied or waived by the holders of the applicable Indebtedness prior to any acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Article 7 provided , further , that no such event (other than the failure to make a principal payment at stated final maturity) under any Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing shall constitute a Default or Event of Default under this clause (b) until such Asset Financing Facility or CRE Financing, as applicable, shall have been accelerated as a result of such event or 
 (c) Breach of Certain Covenants . Failure of any Loan Party, as required by the relevant provision, to perform or comply with any term or condition contained in Section 5.01(e) , Section 5.02 (as it applies to the preservation of the existence of the Borrower), or Article 6 it being understood and agreed that any breach of Section 6.13(a) is subject to cure as provided in Section 6.13(b) , and no Event of Default may arise under Section 6.13(a) until the 15th Business Day after the day on which financial statements are required to be delivered for the relevant Fiscal Quarter under Sections 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable (so long as the Borrower shall have the right to exercise Cure Rights), and then only to the extent the Cure Amount has not been received on or prior to such date or 
 130 

(d) Breach of Representations, Etc . Any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made by any Loan Party in any Loan Document or in any certificate required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Perfection Certificate or any Perfection Certificate Supplement) being untrue in any material respect as of the date made or deemed made (it being understood and agreed that any breach of representation, warranty or certification resulting from the failure of the Administrative Agent to file any Uniform Commercial Code continuation statement shall not result in an Event of Default under this Section 7.01(d) or any other provision of any Loan Document) and, in each case, to the extent capable of being cured, such incorrect representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact shall remain incorrect in such material respect for a period of 30 calendar days after receipt by the Borrower of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent or 
 (e) Other Defaults Under Loan Documents . Default by any Loan Party in the performance of or compliance with any term contained herein or any of the other Loan Documents, other than any such term referred to in any other Section of this Article 7 , which default has not been remedied or waived within 30 calendar days after receipt by the Borrower of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent or 
 (f) Involuntary Bankruptcy Appointment of Receiver, Etc . (i) The entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in an involuntary case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, which decree or order is not stayed or any other similar relief shall be granted under any applicable federal, state or local Requirements of Law, which relief is not stayed or (ii) the commencement of an involuntary case or proceeding against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) under any Debtor Relief Law the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for the appointment of a receiver, receiver and manager, (preliminary) insolvency receiver, liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, administrator, custodian or other officer having similar powers over the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary), or over all or a material part of its property or the involuntary appointment of an interim receiver, trustee or other custodian of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) for all or a material part of its property, which remains, in any case or proceeding under this clause (f) , undismissed, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed pending appeal for 60 consecutive days or 
 (g) Voluntary Bankruptcy Appointment of Receiver, Etc . (i) The entry against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of an order for relief, the commencement by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a voluntary case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case or proceeding or to the conversion of an involuntary case or proceeding to a voluntary case or proceeding, under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, receiver and manager, insolvency receiver, liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, administrator, custodian or other like official for or in respect of itself or for all or a material part of its property (ii) the making by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (iii) the admission in writing by any Responsible Officer of the Borrower of the inability of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to pay their respective debts as such debts become due or 
 (h) Judgments and Attachments . The entry or filing of one or more final money judgments, writs or warrants of attachment or similar process against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets involving in the aggregate at any time an amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (in either case to the extent not adequately covered by indemnity from a third party, by self-insurance (if applicable) or by insurance as to which the 
 131 

relevant third party insurance company has been notified and not denied coverage), which judgment, writ, warrant or similar process remains unpaid, undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed pending appeal for a period of 60 consecutive days or 
 (i) Employee Benefit Plans . The occurrence of one or more ERISA Events, which individually or in the aggregate result in liability of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (j) Change of Control . The occurrence of a Change of Control or 
 (k) Guaranties, Collateral Documents and Other Loan Documents . At any time after the execution and delivery thereof, (i) any material Loan Guaranty for any reason, other than the occurrence of the Termination Date, shall cease to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms) or shall be declared, by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be null and void or any Guarantor shall repudiate in writing its obligations thereunder (in each case, other than as a result of the discharge of such Guarantor in accordance with the terms thereof and other than as a result of acts or omissions by the Administrative Agent or any Lender), (ii) this Agreement or any material Collateral Document ceases to be in full force and effect or shall be declared, by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be null and void or any Lien on Collateral created (or purported to be created) under any Collateral Document ceases to be valid and perfected with respect to a material portion of the Collateral (other than (I) Collateral consisting of Material Real Estate Assets to the extent that such losses are covered by a lender s title insurance policy and such insurer has not denied coverage or (II) solely by reason of (w) such perfection is not required pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, the Perfection Requirements, the Collateral Documents, this Agreement or otherwise, (x) the failure of the Administrative Agent to maintain possession of any Collateral actually delivered to it or the failure of the Administrative Agent to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements, (y) a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or (z) the occurrence of the Termination Date or any other termination of such Collateral Document in accordance with the terms thereof) or (iii) other than bona fide, good faith disputes as to the scope of Collateral or whether any Lien has been, or is required to be released, any Loan Party shall contest in writing, the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document (or any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral Documents or any Loan Guaranty) or deny in writing that it has any further liability (other than by reason of the occurrence of the Termination Date or any other termination of any other Loan Document in accordance with the terms thereof), including with respect to future advances by the Lenders, under any Loan Document to which it is a party it being understood and agreed that the failure of the Administrative Agent to file any Uniform Commercial Code continuation statement shall not result in an Event of Default under this Section 7.01(k) or any other provision of any Loan Document 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (f) or (g) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take any of the following actions, at the same or different times declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower provided that upon the occurrence of an event with respect to the Borrower described in clauses (f) or (g) of this Article , any such Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, in each case without further action of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and 
 132 

remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC. 
 ARTICLE 8 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints JPMCB (or any successor appointed pursuant hereto) as Administrative Agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf (including, without limitation, in any insolvency or liquidation proceeding), including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 Any Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, unless the context otherwise requires or unless such Person is in fact not a Lender, include each Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default exists, and the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Requirements of Law it being understood that such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary power, except discretionary rights and powers that are expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents and which the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the relevant circumstances as provided in Section 9.02 provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Requirements of Law, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Party for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as is necessary, or as the Administrative Agent believes in good faith shall be necessary, under the relevant circumstances as provided in Section 9.02 or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or any Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any covenant, agreement or 
 133 

other term or condition set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien on the Collateral or the existence, value or sufficiency of the Collateral or to assure that the Liens granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to any Loan Document have been or will continue to be properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority, (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 4 or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or (vii) any property, book or record of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Secured Party agree that (i) no Secured Party (other than the Administrative Agent) shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Loan Guaranty it being understood that any realization upon the Collateral or enforcement on any Loan Guaranty against the Loan Parties pursuant hereto or pursuant to any Loan Document may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Administrative Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or in the event of any other Disposition (including pursuant to Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or any similar provision of any other Debtor Relief Law), (A) the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of the Secured Parties, shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such sale, to use and apply all or any portion of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Administrative Agent at such Disposition and (B) the Administrative Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of all or any portion of such Collateral at any such Disposition. 
 No holder of any Secured Hedging Obligation in its capacity as such shall have any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under this Agreement. 
 Each Secured Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion, but is under no obligation to, credit bid any part of the Secured Obligations or to purchase or retain or acquire any portion of the Collateral. 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) that it believes to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent has received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article 8 shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. The Secured Parties agree that the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible to the Secured Parties for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and 
 134 

nonappealable judgment that such Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 
 The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving ten days written notice to the Lenders and the Borrower provided that if no successor agent is appointed in accordance with the terms set forth below within such 10-day period, the Administrative Agent s resignation shall not be effective until the earlier to occur of (x) the date of the appointment of the successor agent or (y) the date that is twenty (20) days after the last day of such 10-day period. If the Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender under clause (a) , (b) or (e) of the definition thereof, either the Required Lenders or the Borrower may, upon ten days notice, remove the Administrative Agent provided that if no successor agent is appointed in accordance with the terms set forth below within such 10-day period, the Administrative Agent s removal shall, at the option of the Borrower, not be effective until the earlier to occur of (x) the date of the appointment of the successor agent or (y) the date that is twenty (20) days after the last day of such 10-day period. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a commercial bank or trust company with offices in the U.S. having combined capital and surplus in excess of 1,000,000,000, and which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 provided that during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) or, with respect to any Borrower, Sections 7.01(f) or (g) , no consent of the Borrower shall be required. If no successor has been appointed as provided above and accepted such appointment within ten days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation or the Administrative Agent receives notice of removal, then (a) in the case of a retirement, the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the consent of the Borrower) or (b) in the case of a removal, the Borrower may, after consulting with the Required Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above provided that (x) in the case of a retirement, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower, the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment or (y) in the case of a removal, the Borrower notifies the Required Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then, in each case, such resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with the provisos to the first two sentences in this paragraph and (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent in its capacity as collateral agent for the Secured Parties for purposes of maintaining the perfection of the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations required to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly (and each Lender will cooperate with the Borrower to enable the Borrower to take such actions), until such time as the Required Lenders or the Borrower, as applicable, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, as provided above in this Article 8 . Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder as a successor Administrative Agent, the successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (other than its obligations under Section 9.13 hereof). The fees payable by the Borrower to any successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor Administrative Agent. After the Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the relevant Person was acting as Administrative Agent (including for this purpose holding any collateral security following the retirement or removal of the Administrative Agent). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Disqualified Institution may be appointed as a successor Administrative Agent. 
 Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents 
 135 

and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Each Lender acknowledges that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Affiliate thereof has made any representation or warranty to it. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties. 
 Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement or an Assignment and Assumption and funding its Loan or assignment, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be approved by the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders or the Lenders, as applicable, on the Closing Date or, in the case of a Lender that becomes party hereto by Assignment and Assumption, thereafter and prior to the effectiveness of such Assignment and Assumption. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Arrangers, the First Amendment Arrangers (as defined in the First Amendment), the Second Amendment Arrangers (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, the Fourth Amendment Arrangers, the Fifth Amendment Arrangers, the Sixth Amendment Arrangers, the Seventh Amendment Arrangers, and their respective Affiliates shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement, except in their respective capacities as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder, as applicable. 
 Each Secured Party hereby further authorizes the Administrative Agent, on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties, to be the agent for and representative of the Secured Parties with respect to the Loan Guaranty, the Collateral and the Loan Documents provided that the Administrative Agent shall not owe any fiduciary duty, duty of loyalty, duty of care, duty of disclosure or any other obligation whatsoever to any holder of Secured Obligations with respect to any Secured Hedging Obligations. 
 The Secured Parties agree that the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to the Secured Parties to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection (or continued perfection) of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 Each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to 
 (a) release any Lien on any property granted to or held by Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the occurrence of the Termination Date, (ii) that is sold or transferred as part of or in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition permitted under the Loan Documents to a Person that is not a Loan Party, (iii) that does not constitute (or ceases to constitute) Collateral, (iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Subsidiary Guarantor, upon the release of such Subsidiary Guarantor from its Loan Guaranty otherwise in accordance with the Loan Documents, (v) as required under clause (d) below or (vi) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 9.02 
 (b) subject to Section 9.21 , release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of related transactions permitted hereunder and the Borrower has requested such Excluded Subsidiary cease to be a Subsidiary Guarantor) 
 136 

(c) subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 6.02(d) , 6.02(e) , 6.02(g)(i) , 6.02(l) , 6.02(n) , 6.02(o)(i) (other than any Lien on the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary Guarantor), 6.02(q) , 6.02(r) (to the extent the relevant Lien is of the type to which the Lien of the Administrative Agent is otherwise required to be subordinated under this clause (c) pursuant to any of the other exceptions to Section 6.02 that are expressly included in this clause (c) ), 6.02(x) , 6.02(y) , 6.02(z)(i) , 6.02(bb) , 6.02(cc) , 6.02(ee) , 6.02(ff) and 6.02(gg) (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any thereof to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted to be secured under Section 6.02(k)) provided , that the subordination of any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent shall only be required with respect to any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 6.02(l) , 6.02(o) , 6.02(q) , 6.02(r) and or 6.02(bb) to the extent that the Lien of the Administrative Agent with respect to such property is required to be subordinated to the relevant Permitted Lien in accordance with the documentation governing the Indebtedness that is secured by such Permitted Lien and 
 (d) enter into subordination, intercreditor and or similar agreements with respect to Indebtedness (including any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and or any amendment to any of the foregoing in accordance with Section 9.02 that is (i) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder and or (ii) secured by Liens, and with respect to which Indebtedness, this Agreement contemplates an intercreditor, subordination, collateral trust agreement or similar agreement. 
 Upon the request of the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty or its Lien on any Collateral pursuant to this Article 8 . In each case as specified in this Article 8 , the Administrative Agent will (and each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to), at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents, to subordinate its interest therein, or to release such Loan Party from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Article 8 provided , that upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Financial Officer certifying that the relevant transaction has been consummated in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this paragraph shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. 
 The Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and any other intercreditor, subordination, collateral trust or similar agreement contemplated hereby, in each case, on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, with respect to any (a) Indebtedness permitted hereby (i) that is (A) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder and or (B) secured by Liens permitted hereby and (ii) which contemplates an intercreditor, subordination or collateral trust agreement and or (b) Secured Hedging Obligations, whether or not constituting Indebtedness (any such other intercreditor agreement an Additional Agreement ), and the Secured Parties party hereto acknowledge that the Intercreditor Agreement and any Additional Agreement is binding upon them. Each Secured Party party hereto hereby (a) agrees that it will be bound by, and will not take any action contrary to, the provisions of any Additional Agreement and (b) authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter into an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and or any Additional Agreement and to subject the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations to the provisions thereof. The foregoing provisions are intended as an inducement to the Secured Parties to extend credit to the Borrower, and the Secured Parties are intended third-party beneficiaries of such provisions and the provisions of an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and or any Additional Agreement. 
 To the extent that the Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof) is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Borrower in accordance with and to the extent required by Section 9.03(b) hereof, the Lenders will reimburse and indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any Affiliate thereof) in proportion to their respective Applicable Percentages (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders and all Term Loans were of a single Class) for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, costs, expenses or disbursements of whatsoever kind or nature which may be imposed on, asserted against or incurred by the Administrative Agent (or any 
 137 

Affiliate thereof) in performing its duties hereunder or under any other Loan Document or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (in all cases, whether or not caused or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Administrative Agent or any Affiliate thereof) provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent s (or such affiliate s) gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision). The agreements in this paragraph shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 To the extent required by any applicable Requirements of Law (as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender under any Loan Document an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. Without limiting or expanding the provisions of Section 2.17 , each Lender shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent against, and shall make payable in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, all Taxes and all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent by the IRS or any other Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of such Lender for any reason (including because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective), whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this paragraph. The agreements in this paragraph shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and 
 138 

(D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a) , such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 ARTICLE 9 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 9.01. Notices . 
 (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or email, as follows 
 (i) if to any Loan Party, to such Loan Party in the care of the Borrower at 
 Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 345 Park Avenue 
 New York, New York 10154 Attention Douglas Armer 
 Email Redacted 
 
 with copies to (which shall not constitute notice to any Loan Party) 
 Ropes & Gray LLP 1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10036 Attention Jay Kim Email Redacted Telephone Redacted 
 and 
 Ropes & Gray LLP 1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10036 Attention Daniel Stanco Email Redacted Telephone Redacted 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, at 
 139 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 as Administrative Agent 
 500 Stanton Christiana Road 
 NCC 5, 1st Floor 1 
 Newark, DE 19713-2107 
 Attention Andre Diaz Matthew Bruno 
 Telephone Redacted 
 Facsimile Redacted 
 Email Redacted 
 
 with a copy to 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 as Administrative Agent 
 500 Stanton Christiana Road 
 NCC 5, Floor 1 
 Newark, DE 19713-2107 
 Attention Andrew Myers 
 Facsimile Telephone Redacted 
 Facsimile Redacted 
 Email Redacted 
 
 (iii) if to any Lender, to it at its address or facsimile number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 All such notices and other communications (A) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by courier service and signed for against receipt thereof or three Business Days after dispatch if sent by certified or registered mail, in each case, delivered, sent or mailed (properly addressed) to the relevant party as provided in this Section 9.01 or in accordance with the latest unrevoked direction from such party given in accordance with this Section 9.01 or (B) sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent and when receipt has been confirmed by telephone provided that notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, such notices or other communications shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in clause (b) below shall be effective as provided in such clause (b) . 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower (on behalf of any Loan Party) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications). All such notices and other communications (i) sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) provided that any such notice or communication not given during the normal business hours of the recipient shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient and (ii) posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (b)(i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
 (c) Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number or other notice information hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto it being understood and agreed that the Borrower may provide any such notice to the Administrative Agent as recipient on behalf of itself and each Lender. 
 140 

(d) The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders materials and or information provided by, or on behalf of, the Borrower hereunder (collectively, the Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders may be public-side Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material nonpublic information within the meaning of the United States federal securities laws with respect to the Borrower, any of its subsidiaries, or their respective securities) (each, a Public Lender ). At the request of the Arrangers, the First Amendment Arrangers (as defined in the First Amendment), the Second Amendment Arrangers (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, the Fourth Amendment Arrangers, the Fifth Amendment Arrangers or , the Sixth Amendment Arrangers or the Seventh Amendment Arrangers , the Borrower hereby agrees that (i) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC, (ii) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as information of a type that would (x) customarily be made publicly available (or could be derived from publicly available information), as determined in good faith by the Borrower, or (y) would not be material with respect to the Borrower, its subsidiaries, any of their respective securities or the Transactions as determined in good faith by the Borrower for purposes of United States federal securities laws and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not marked as Public Investor . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following Borrower Materials shall be deemed to be marked PUBLIC, unless the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent promptly that any such document contains material nonpublic information (1) the Loan Documents, (2) any notification of changes in the terms of the Term Facility and (3) all information delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) . 
 Each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable law, including United States Federal and state securities laws, to make reference to communications that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
 THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . NEITHER THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT NOR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES WARRANTS THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM AND EACH EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS IS MADE BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OF ITS RELATED PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER OR NOT BASED ON STRICT LIABILITY AND INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTY S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THE LIABILITY OF ANY SUCH PERSON IS FOUND IN A FINAL RULING BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE RESULTED FROM SUCH PERSON S GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT. 
 Section 9.02. Waivers Amendments . 
 (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof except as provided herein or in any Loan Document, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or 
 141 

any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any party hereto therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same is permitted by this Section 9.02 , and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, the making of any Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. 
 (b) Subject to this Section 9.02(b) and Sections 9.02(c) and (d) below and to Section 2.14(b) , Section 2.22 and Section 9.05(f) , neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified, except (i) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document (other than any waiver, amendment or modification to effectuate any modification thereto expressly contemplated by the terms of such other Loan Document), pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party that is party thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that 
 (A) the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (but, except in the case of subclause (1), not the consent of the Required Lenders) shall be required for any waiver, amendment or modification that 
 (1) increases the Commitment of such Lender (other than with respect to any Incremental Facility pursuant to Section 2.22 in respect of which such Lender has agreed to be an Additional Lender) it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall constitute an increase of any Commitment of such Lender 
 (2) reduces the principal amount of any Loan owed to such Lender or any amount due to such Lender on any Loan Installment Date 
 (3) (x) extends the scheduled final maturity of any Loan or (y) postpones any Loan Installment Date or any Interest Payment Date with respect to any Loan held by such Lender or the date of any scheduled payment of any fee or premium payable to such Lender hereunder (in each case, other than any extension for administrative reasons agreed by the Administrative Agent) 
 (4) reduces the rate of interest (other than to waive any Default or Event of Default or obligation of the Borrower to pay interest to such Lender at the default rate of interest under Section 2.13(e) , which shall only require the consent of the Required Lenders) or the amount of any fee or premium owed to such Lender it being understood that no change in the calculation of any other interest, fee or premium due hereunder (including any component definition thereof) shall constitute a reduction in any rate of interest or fee hereunder 
 (5) extends the expiry date of such Lender s Commitment it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of any Commitment shall constitute an extension of any Commitment of any Lender and 
 142 

(6) waives, amends or modifies the provisions of Section 2.18(b) or 2.18(c) of this Agreement in a manner that would by its terms alter the waterfall in Section 2.18(b) or pro rata sharing of payments required by Section 2.18(c) (except in connection with any transaction permitted under Sections 2.22 , 2.23 , 9.02(c) and or 9.05(g) or as otherwise provided in this Section 9.02 
 (B) no such agreement shall 
 (1) change any of the provisions of Section 9.02(a) or Section 9.02(b) or the definition of Required Lenders to reduce any voting percentage required to waive, amend or modify any right thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the prior written consent of each Lender 
 (2) release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Lien granted pursuant to the Loan Documents (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents, including pursuant to Article 8 or Section 9.21 hereof), without the prior written consent of each Lender or 
 (3) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees under the Loan Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents, including pursuant to Section 9.21 hereof), without the prior written consent of each Lender and 
 (C) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Borrower and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans to permit the refinancing or replacement of all or any portion of the outstanding Term Loans under the applicable Class (any such loans being refinanced or replaced, the Replaced Term Loans with one or more replacement term loans hereunder Replacement Term Loans pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment provided that 
 (A) the aggregate principal amount of any Replacement Term Loans shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Replaced Term Loans plus (1) any additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 and, to the extent any such additional amounts are secured, the related Liens are permitted under Section 6.02 , and plus (2) the amount of accrued interest, penalties and premium (including tender premium) thereon any committed but undrawn amounts and underwriting discounts, fees (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments), commissions and expenses associated therewith), 
 (B) subject to the Permitted Earlier Maturity Indebtedness Exception, any Replacement Term Loans (other than customary bridge loans with a maturity date of not longer than one year provided that any loans, notes, securities or other Indebtedness which are exchanged for or otherwise replace such bridge loans shall be subject to the requirements of this clause (B) must have a final maturity date that is equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Replaced Term Loans at the time of the relevant refinancing, 
 (C) any Replacement Term Loans may be pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Term Loans in right of payment and pari passu with or junior to such Term Loans with respect to the Collateral provided that any Replacement Term Loans not incurred under this Agreement that are secured by Liens on the Collateral shall be subject to any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreements), 
 143 

(D) any Replacement Term Loans that are secured may not be secured by any assets other than the Collateral, 
 (E) any Replacement Term Loans that are guaranteed may not be guaranteed by any Person other than one or more Guarantors, 
 (F) any Replacement Term Loans that are pari passu with the 2019 New Term Loans, the Term B-3 Loans and or the Term B-4 Loans in right of payment and security may participate (A) in any voluntary prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(a)(i) and (B) in any mandatory prepayments of Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.11(b)(vi) , 
 (G) any Replacement Term Loans may have pricing (including interest, fees and premiums) and, subject to preceding clause (F) , optional prepayment and redemption terms and, subject to preceding clause (B) , amortization schedule, as the Borrower and the lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans may agree, 
 (H) other terms and conditions of any Replacement Term Loans (excluding as set forth above, including pricing, interest rate margins, fees, discounts, rate floors and optional prepayment or redemption terms), if not substantially identical to those applicable to Replaced Term Loans (as reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent), must either, at the option of the Borrower, (x) not be materially more restrictive to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) than (when taken as a whole) those contained in the Replaced Term Loans (other than any terms which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Maturity Date with respect to such Replaced Term Loans), (y) be conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the existing Term Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent (i.e., by conforming or adding a term to the then-outstanding Term Loans pursuant to the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment, it being understood that, without limitation, any amendment or modification to the Loan Documents that solely adds one or more terms for the benefit of the existing Term Lenders shall not require the consent of any such existing Term Lender so long as the form (but not the substance) of the applicable agreement effecting such amendment or modification is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) or (z) reflect then current market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence or issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), and 
 (I) no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) , (f) or (g) shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to such Replacement Term Loans 
 provided , further , that, in respect of this clause (c) , any Affiliated Lender and Debt Fund Affiliate shall be permitted without the consent of the Administrative Agent to provide any Replacement Term Loans, it being understood that in connection therewith, the relevant Affiliated Lender or Debt Fund Affiliate, as applicable, shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to such Person under Section 9.05 as if such Replacement Term Loans were Term Loans. 
 Each party hereto hereby agrees that this Agreement may be amended by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of such Replacement Term Loans incurred or implemented pursuant thereto (including any amendment necessary to treat the loans and commitments subject thereto as a separate tranche and Class of Loans and or Commitments hereunder). It is understood that any Lender approached to provide all or a portion of any Replacement Term Loans may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide such Replacement Term Loans. 
 144 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.02 or any other provision of this Agreement or any provision of any other Loan Document 
 (i) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any Lender, amend, supplement and or waive any guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement and or related document (if any) executed in connection with this Agreement to (A) comply with any Requirement of Law or the advice of counsel, (B) cause any such guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and or the relevant other Loan Documents or (C) add a benefit for solely the Lenders under the existing Term Facility, including, but not limited to, increase in margin, interest rate floor, prepayment premium, call protection and reestablishment of or increase in amortization schedule provided that no such amendment, modification or waiver that increases or accelerates the amortization schedule shall operate to cause the amounts subject to such increased or accelerated amortization schedule to not be subject to Section 2.12(c) , 
 (ii) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any other Lender (other than the relevant Lenders (including Additional Lenders) providing Loans under such Sections), effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to (1) effect the provisions of Sections 2.22 , 2.23 , 5.12 , 6.12 or 9.02(c) , or any other provision specifying that any waiver, amendment or modification may be made with the consent or approval of the Administrative Agent and or (2) to add terms (including representations and warranties, conditions, prepayments, covenants or events of default), in connection with the addition of any Additional Term Loan or Additional Commitment hereunder pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) , that are favorable to the then-existing Lenders, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, 
 (iii) if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have jointly identified any ambiguity, mistake, defect, inconsistency, obvious error or any error or omission of a technical nature or any necessary or desirable technical change, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision (without any further action or consent of any other party) solely to address such matter as reasonably determined by them acting jointly, 
 (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend, restate, amend and restate or otherwise modify any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement as provided therein, 
 (v) the Administrative Agent may amend the Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.05 , Commitment terminations pursuant to Section 2.09 , implementations of Additional Commitments or incurrences of Additional Term Loans pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) and reductions or terminations of any such Additional Commitments or Additional Term Loans, 
 (vi) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except as permitted pursuant to Section 2.21(a) and except that the Commitment and any Additional Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased without the consent of such Defaulting Lender (it being understood that any Commitment or Loan held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from any vote hereunder that requires the consent of any Lender, except as expressly provided in Section 2.21(a) ), 
 (vii) this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit any extension of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the relevant benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) to include 
 145 

appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Lenders prior to such inclusion, and 
 (viii) any amendment, wavier or modification of any term or provision that directly affects Lenders under one or more Classes and does not directly affect Lenders under one or more other Classes may be effected by the consent of Lenders representing more than 50 of the aggregate Commitments and or Loans of such directly affected Class in lieu of the consent of the Required Lenders. 
 Section 9.03. Expenses Indemnity . 
 (a) Subject to Section 9.05(f) , the Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by each Arranger, the Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of outside counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole and, if necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole) in connection with the syndication and distribution (including via the Internet or through a service such as IntraLinks) of the Term Facility, the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents and any related documentation, including in connection with any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated, but only to the extent the preparation of any such amendment, modification or waiver was requested by the Borrower and except as otherwise provided in a separate writing between the Borrower, the relevant Arranger and or the Administrative Agent), but excluding solely in connection with any arranging of commitments to provide the Term Facility on the Closing Date (with any expense reimbursement in connection therewith to be governed by the Engagement Letter, dated as of April 17, 2019 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the Closing Date), by and among the Borrower, JPMCB and the Arrangers) and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or the Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of outside counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole and, if necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole) in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of their respective rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including their respective rights under this Section , or in connection with the Loans made hereunder. Except to the extent required to be paid on the Closing Date, all amounts due under this paragraph (a) shall be payable by the Borrower within 30 days of receipt by the Borrower of an invoice setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail, together with backup documentation supporting the relevant reimbursement request. 
 (b) The Borrower shall indemnify each Arranger, the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all Indemnitees, taken as a whole and solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, (x) one additional counsel to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and (y) one additional local counsel to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole, in each relevant jurisdiction), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby and or the enforcement of the Loan Documents, (ii) the use of the proceeds of the Loans, (iii) any actual or alleged Release or presence of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any property currently or formerly owned or leased by the Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party or any Environmental Liability related to the Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party and or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (and regardless of whether such matter is initiated 
 146 

by a third party or by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates) provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, or liability (i) is determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or such Person s material breach of the Loan Documents or (ii) arises out of any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding brought by such Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding that is brought by or against the Administrative Agent or any Arranger, acting in its capacity as the Administrative Agent or as an Arranger) that does not involve any act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. Each Indemnitee shall be obligated to refund or return any and all amounts paid by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 9.03(b) to such Indemnitee for any fees, expenses, or damages to the extent such Indemnitee is not entitled to payment thereof in accordance with the terms hereof. All amounts due under this paragraph (b) shall be payable by the Borrower within 30 days (x) after receipt by the Borrower of a written demand therefor, in the case of any indemnification obligations and (y) in the case of reimbursement of costs and expenses, after receipt by the Borrower of an invoice setting forth such costs and expenses in reasonable detail, together with backup documentation supporting the relevant reimbursement request. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages or liabilities in respect of a non-Tax claim. 
 (c) The Borrower shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without the written consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), but if any proceeding is settled with the written consent of the Borrower, or if there is a final judgment against any Indemnitee in any such proceeding, the Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee to the extent and in the manner set forth above. The Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of the affected Indemnitee (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnitee unless (i) such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnitee from all liability or claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (ii) such settlement does not include any statement as to any admission of fault or culpability. 
 Section 9.04. Waiver of Claim . To the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, no party to this Agreement shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, any Loan Party and or any Related Party of any thereof, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof, except, in the case of any claim by any Indemnitee against the Borrower, to the extent such damages would otherwise be subject to indemnification pursuant to the terms of Section 9.03 . 
 Section 9.05. Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns provided that (i) except as provided under Section 6.07 , the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with the terms of this Section 9.05 (any attempted assignment or transfer not complying with the terms of this Section 9.05 , including with respect to attempted assignments or transfers to Disqualified Institutions shall be subject to Section 9.05(f) ). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and permitted assigns, to the extent provided in paragraph (e) of this Section 9.05 , Participants and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Arrangers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 147 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of any Additional Term Loan or Additional Commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent of 
 (A) the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) provided , that (x) the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment of Term Loans unless it has objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 15 Business Days after receipt of written notice thereof and (y) the consent of the Borrower shall not be required for any assignment of Term Loans or Term Commitments (1) to any Term Lender or any Affiliate of any Term Lender or an Approved Fund or (2) at any time when an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) or, solely with respect to the Borrower, Sections 7.01(f) or (g) exists provided , further , that notwithstanding the foregoing, unless an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) or, solely with respect to the Borrower, Sections 7.01(f) or (g) exists, the Borrower may withhold its consent to any assignment to any Person (other than a Bona Fide Debt Fund that is a Competitor (unless the Borrower has a reasonable basis for withholding consent)) that is either (I) not a Disqualified Institution but is known by the Borrower to be an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution regardless of whether such Person is identifiable as an Affiliate of a Disqualified Institution on the basis of such Affiliate s name and or (II) known by the Borrower to be an investor primarily in distressed credits or opportunistic or special situations or any affiliate of such investor and 
 (B) the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) provided , that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for any assignment to another Lender, any Affiliate of a Lender or any Approved Fund. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of any assignment to another Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender or any Approved Fund or any assignment of the entire remaining amount of the relevant assigning Lender s Loans or Commitments of any Class, the principal amount of Loans or Commitments of the assigning Lender subject to the relevant assignment (determined as of the date on which the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent and determined on an aggregate basis in the event of concurrent assignments to Related Funds of the assignee or by Related Funds of the assigning Lender) shall not be less than 1,000,000, in the case of Term Loans and Term Commitments, unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent 
 (B) any partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the relevant assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or, if previously agreed with the Administrative Agent, manually), and shall pay to the Administrative Agent a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 (which fee (i) shall not apply to an assignment by a Lender to its controlled Affiliates and (ii) may otherwise be waived or reduced in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent) and 
 (D) the relevant Eligible Assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver on or prior to the effective date of such assignment, to the Administrative Agent (1) an Administrative Questionnaire and (2) any IRS form and or other documentation required under Section 2.17 . 
 (iii) Subject to the acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section 9.05 , from and after the effective date specified in any Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned pursuant to such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and 
 148 

Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be (A) entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 9.03 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring on or prior to the effective date of such assignment and (B) subject to its obligations thereunder and under Section 9.13 ). If any assignment by any Lender holding any Promissory Note is made after the issuance of such Promissory Note, the assigning Lender shall, upon the effectiveness of such assignment or as promptly thereafter as practicable, surrender such Promissory Note to the Administrative Agent for cancellation, and, following such cancellation, if requested by either the assignee or the assigning Lender, the Borrower shall issue and deliver a new Promissory Note to such assignee and or to such assigning Lender, with appropriate insertions, to reflect the new commitments and or outstanding Loans of the assignee and or the assigning Lender. 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, and the commitment of, and principal amount of and interest on the Loans and Commitments owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and each Lender (but only as to its own holdings), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an Eligible Assignee, the Eligible Assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire and any tax certification required by Section 9.05(b)(ii)(D)(2) (unless the assignee is already a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in Section 9.05(b)(ii)(C) , if applicable, and any written consent to the relevant assignment required by Section 9.05(b)(i) , the Administrative Agent shall promptly accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (vi) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Assumption, the assigning Lender and the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be deemed to confirm and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows (A) the assigning Lender warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the interest being assigned thereby free and clear of any adverse claim and that the amount of its commitments, and the outstanding balances of its Loans, in each case without giving effect to any assignment thereof which has not become effective, are as set forth in such Assignment and Assumption, (B) except as set forth in clause (A) above, the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto, or the financial condition of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or the performance or observance by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of its obligations under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto (C) the assignee represents and warrants that it is an Eligible Assignee, legally authorized to enter into such Assignment and Assumption (D) the assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Assumption (E) the assignee will independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the assigning Lender or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it deems appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement (F) the assignee appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent, by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and (G) the assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 149 

(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, sell participations to any bank or other entity (other than to any Disqualified Institution, any natural Person or, other than with respect to any participation to any Debt Fund Affiliate (any such participations to a Debt Fund Affiliate being subject to the limitation set forth in the first proviso of the penultimate paragraph set forth in Section 9.05(g) , as if the limitation applied to such participations), the Borrower or any of its Affiliates) (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans owing to it) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which any Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the relevant Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in (x) clause (A) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that directly and adversely affects the Loans or Commitments in which such Participant has an interest and (y) clauses (B)(1) , (2) or (3) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) . Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section 9.05 , the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the limitations and requirements of such Sections and Section 2.19 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05 and it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered solely to the participating Lender, and if additional amounts are required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.17(a) or Section 2.17(c) , by the participating Lender to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. To the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.09 as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant shall be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. 
 (ii) No Participant shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 than the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, expressly acknowledging that such Participant s entitlement to benefits under Sections 2.15 , 2.16 and 2.17 is not limited to what the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive absent the participation. 
 Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and their respective successors and registered assigns, and the principal and interest amounts of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (a Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of any Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to any Participant s interest in any Commitment, Loan or any other obligation under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the Treasury Regulations, or is otherwise required under the Code or Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and each Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (other than to any Disqualified Institution or any natural person) to secure obligations of such Lender, including, without limitation, any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to any Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section 9.05 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release any Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 150 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of any Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 and no SPC shall be entitled to any greater amount under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that the Granting Lender would have been entitled to receive, unless the grant to such SPC is made with the prior written consent of the Borrower, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, expressly acknowledging that such SPC s entitlement to benefits under Sections 2.15 , 2.16 and 2.17 is not limited to what the Granting Lender would have been entitled to receive absent the grant to the SPC, (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender) and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes (including approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of the Loan Documents) remain the Lender of record hereunder. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the Requirements of Law of the U.S. or any State thereof provided that (i) such SPC s Granting Lender is in compliance in all material respects with its obligations to the Borrower hereunder and (ii) each Lender designating any SPC hereby agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless each other party hereto for any loss, cost, damage or expense arising out of its inability to institute such a proceeding against such SPC during such period of forbearance. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.05 , any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. Any grant by a Granting Lender to an SPC shall be recorded in the Participant Register pursuant to subsection 9.5(c)(ii) . 
 (f) (i) Any assignment or participation by a Lender without the Borrower s consent to any Disqualified Institution or otherwise not in compliance with this Section 9.05 shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 9.05(f) , and the Borrower shall be entitled to seek specific performance to enforce this Section 9.05(f) in addition to injunctive relief (without posting a bond or presenting evidence of irreparable harm) or any other remedies available to the Borrower at law or in equity it being understood and agreed that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries will suffer irreparable harm if any Lender breaches any obligation under this Section 9.05 as it relates to any assignment, participation or pledge of any Loan or Commitment to any Disqualified Institution or any other Person to whom the Borrower s consent is required but not obtained. Nothing in this Section 9.05(f) shall be deemed to prejudice any right or remedy that the Borrower may otherwise have at law or equity. Upon the request of any Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may make the list of Disqualified Institutions (other than any Disqualified Institution under clause (a)(iii) or (b)(ii) of the definition thereof) available to such Lender so long as such Lender agrees to keep the list of Disqualified Institutions confidential in accordance with the terms hereof and such Lender may provide such list of Disqualified Institutions to any potential assignee or participant on a confidential basis, solely for the purpose of permitting such potential assignee or participant to verify whether such Person constitutes a Disqualified Institution. 
 (ii) If any assignment or participation under this Section 9.05 is made to a Disqualified Institution without the Borrower s prior written consent or otherwise not in compliance with this Section 9.05 , then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable 
 151 

Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Commitment of such Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) and repay all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender), (B) in the case of any outstanding Term Loans, held by such Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender), purchase such Term Loans by paying the lesser of (x) par and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) paid to acquire such Term Loans, plus accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and or (C) require such Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.05 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees provided that (I) in the case of clause (B) , the applicable Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) has received payment of an amount equal to the lesser of (1) par and (2) the amount that such Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) paid for the applicable Loans, plus accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the Borrower, (II) in the case of clauses (A) and (B) , the Borrower shall not be liable to the relevant Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) under Section 2.16 if any LIBO Rate Loan, Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan owing to such Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) is repaid or purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period (or, in the case of an RFR Loan, the next applicable Interest Payment Date) relating thereto, (III) in the case of clause (C) , the relevant assignment shall otherwise comply with this Section 9.05 (except that (x) no registration and processing fee required under this Section 9.05 shall be required with any assignment pursuant to this paragraph and (y) any Term Loan acquired by any Affiliated Lender pursuant to this paragraph will not be included in calculating compliance with the Affiliated Lender Cap for a period of 90 days following such transfer provided that, to the extent the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans held by Affiliated Lenders exceeds the Affiliated Lender Cap on the 91st day following such transfer, then such excess amount shall either be (x) contributed to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and retired and cancelled immediately upon such contribution or (y) automatically cancelled) and (IV) in no event shall such Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) be entitled to receive amounts set forth in Section 2.13(e) . Further, the Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, require that such Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) (A) will not receive information or reporting provided by any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender and will not be permitted to attend or participate in conference calls or meetings attended solely by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, (B) (x) for purposes of determining whether the Required Lenders or the majority Lenders under any Class have (i) consented (or not consented) to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, (ii) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or (iii) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, shall not have any right to consent (or not consent), otherwise act or direct or require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to take (or refrain from taking) any such action, and all Loans held by any Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) shall be deemed to be not outstanding for all purposes of calculating whether the Required Lenders, majority Lenders under any Class or all Lenders have taken any actions, and (y) hereby agrees that if a case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law shall be commenced by or against the Borrower or any other Loan Party, such Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) will be deemed to vote in the same proportion as Lenders that are not Disqualified Institutions (or the applicable Lender) and that any vote by any such Disqualified Institution in violation of the foregoing shall not be counted and (C) hereby agrees that the provisions of Section 9.03 shall not apply in favor of such Disqualified Institutions (or the applicable Lender). For the sake of clarity, the provisions in this Section 9.05(f) shall not apply to any Person that is an assignee of a Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender), if such assignee is not a Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender). 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each of the Borrower and each Lender acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions (or the applicable Lender), including whether any Lender or potential Lender is a Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or participant or prospective Lender or participant is a Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans or Commitments, or disclosure of 
 152 

confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution (or the applicable Lender) (regardless of whether the consent of the Administrative Agent is required thereto), and none of the Borrower, any Lender or their respective Affiliates will bring any claim to such effect. 
 (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Term Loans to any Affiliated Lender (A) through Dutch Auctions open to all Lenders holding the relevant Term Loans or (B) through open market purchases on a non-pro rata basis, in each case with respect to clauses (A) and (B) , without the consent of the Administrative Agent provided that 
 (i) any Term Loans acquired by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, be retired and cancelled immediately upon the acquisition thereof provided that upon any such retirement and cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so retired and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced on a pro rata basis by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so cancelled 
 (ii) any Term Loans acquired by any Affiliated Lender may (but shall not be required to) be contributed to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (it being understood that any such Term Loans shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, be retired and cancelled promptly upon such contribution) provided that upon any such cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the applicable Term Loans shall be deemed reduced, as of the date of such contribution, by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so contributed and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the applicable Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced pro rata by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so contributed and cancelled 
 (iii) the relevant Affiliated Lender and assigning Lender shall have executed an Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption 
 (iv) after giving effect to the relevant assignment and to all other assignments to all Affiliated Lenders, the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans then held by all Affiliated Lenders shall not exceed 25 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding (after giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof) (the Affiliated Lender Cap provided that each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by any Person in connection with any compliance or non-compliance with this clause (g)(iv) or any purported assignment exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap (it being understood and agreed that the Affiliated Lender Cap is intended to apply to any Term Loans made available to Affiliated Lenders by means other than formal assignment (e.g., as a result of an acquisition of another Lender (other than any Debt Fund Affiliate)) by any Affiliated Lender or the provision of Additional Term Loans by any Affiliated Lender) provided , further , that to the extent that any assignment to any Affiliated Lender would result in the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans held by Affiliated Lenders exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap (after giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof), the assignment of the relevant excess amount shall be null and void 
 (v) in connection with any assignment effected pursuant to a Dutch Auction and or open market purchase conducted by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, no Event of Default exists at the time of acceptance of bids for the Dutch Auction or the confirmation of such open market purchase, as applicable and 
 (vi) by its acquisition of Term Loans, each relevant Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that 
 153 

(A) subject to clause (iv) above, the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall be disregarded in both the numerator and denominator in the calculation of any Required Lender or other Lender vote (and the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to be voted pro rata along with the other Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders) provided that (x) such Affiliated Lender shall have the right to vote (and the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall not be so disregarded) with respect to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action that requires the vote of all Lenders or all Lenders directly and adversely affected thereby, as the case may be, and (y) no amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action shall (1) disproportionately affect such Affiliated Lender in its capacity as a Lender as compared to other Lenders of the same Class that are not Affiliated Lenders or (2) deprive any Affiliated Lender of its share of any payments which the Lenders are entitled to share on a pro rata basis hereunder, in each case without the consent of such Affiliated Lender and 
 (B) such Affiliated Lender, solely in its capacity as an Affiliated Lender, will not be entitled to (i) attend (including by telephone) or participate in any meeting or discussion (or portion thereof) among the Administrative Agent or any Lender or among Lenders to which the Loan Parties or their representatives are not invited or (ii) receive any information or material prepared by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any communication by or among the Administrative Agent and one or more Lenders, except to the extent such information or materials have been made available by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Loan Party or its representatives (and in any case, other than the right to receive notices of Borrowings, prepayments and other administrative notices in respect of its Term Loans required to be delivered to Lenders pursuant to Article 2 
 (vii) no Affiliated Lender shall be required to represent or warrant that it is not in possession of material non-public information with respect to the Borrower and or any Subsidiary thereof and or their respective securities in connection with any assignment permitted by this Section 9.05(g) and 
 (viii) in any case or proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, the interest of any Affiliated Lender in any Term Loan will be deemed to be voted in the same proportion as the vote of Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders on the relevant matter provided that each Affiliated Lender will be entitled to vote its interest in any Term Loan to the extent that any plan of reorganization or similar dispositive restructuring plan with respect to which the relevant vote is sought proposes to treat the interest of such Affiliated Lender in such Term Loan in a manner that is less favorable to such Affiliated Lender than the proposed treatment of Term Loans held by other Term Lenders. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Term Loans to any Debt Fund Affiliate, and any Debt Fund Affiliate may, from time to time, purchase Term Loans (x) on a non-pro rata basis through Dutch Auctions open to all applicable Lenders or (y) on a non-pro rata basis through open market purchases without the consent of the Administrative Agent, in each case, notwithstanding the requirements set forth in subclauses (i) through (viii) of this clause (g) provided that the Term Loans held by all Debt Fund Affiliates shall not account for more than 49.9 of the amounts included in determining whether the Required Lenders have (A) consented to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, (B) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document it being understood and agreed that the portion of the Term Loan that accounts for more than 49.9 of the relevant Required Lender action shall be deemed to be voted pro rata along with other Lenders that are not Debt Fund Affiliates. Any Term Loans acquired by any Debt Fund Affiliate may (but shall not be required to) be contributed to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for purposes of cancelling such Indebtedness (it being understood that any Term Loans so contributed 
 154 

shall be retired and cancelled immediately upon thereof) provided that upon any such cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the relevant Class of Loans shall be deemed reduced, as of the date of such contribution, by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Loans so contributed and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced pro rata by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of any applicable Term Loans so contributed and cancelled. 
 Section 9.06. Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loan regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date. The provisions of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 , 9.03 and 9.13 and Article 8 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the occurrence of the Termination Date or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof but in each case, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement. 
 Section 9.07. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Engagement Letter and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire agreement among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective when it has been executed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent has received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission (including by email as a .pdf or .tif attachment) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 Section 9.08. Severability . To the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Section 9.09. Right of Setoff . At any time when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent and each Lender is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations (in any currency) at any time owing by the Administrative Agent or such Lender to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any of and all the Secured Obligations held by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different than the branch or office holding such deposit or obligation on such Indebtedness. Any applicable Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such set-off or application provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such set-off or application under this Section 9.09 . The rights of each Lender and the Administrative Agent under this Section 9.09 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender or the Administrative Agent may have. 
 155 

Section 9.10. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . 
 (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT) AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT), SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK (OR ANY APPELLATE COURT THEREFROM) OVER ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL (EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BELOW) BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, FEDERAL COURT. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT SERVICE OF ANY PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE OR DOCUMENT BY REGISTERED MAIL ADDRESSED TO SUCH PERSON SHALL BE EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS AGAINST SUCH PERSON FOR ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT RETAINS THE RIGHT TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION SOLELY IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXERCISE OF ITS RIGHTS UNDER ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENT. 
 (c) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LEGALLY AND EFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION 9.10 . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, ANY CLAIM OR DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS UPON IT AND AGREES THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED MAIL (OR ANY SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR FORM OF MAIL) DIRECTED TO IT AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS PROVIDED FOR IN SECTION 9.01 . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS AND FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING COMMENCED HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS WAS INVALID AND INEFFECTIVE. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW. 
 Section 9.11. Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY) DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY 
 156 

OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.11 . 
 Section 9.12. Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 Section 9.13. Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, each Lender, each Arranger, each First Amendment Arranger (as defined in the First Amendment), each Second Amendment Arranger (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, each Fourth Amendment Arranger, each Fifth Amendment Arranger and , each Sixth Amendment Arranger and each Seventh Amendment Arranger agrees (and each Lender agrees to cause its SPC, if any) to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information (as defined below), except that Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, managers, employees, independent auditors, or other experts and advisors, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (collectively, the Representatives on a need to know basis solely in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and who are informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and are or have been advised of their obligation to keep the Confidential Information of this type confidential provided that such Person shall be responsible for its Affiliates and their Representatives compliance with this paragraph provided , further , that unless the Borrower otherwise consents, no such disclosure shall be made by the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any First Amendment Arranger (as defined in the First Amendment), any Second Amendment Arranger (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, any Fourth Amendment Arranger, any Fifth Amendment Arranger, any Sixth Amendment Arranger, any Seventh Amendment Arranger, any Lender or any Affiliate or Representative thereof to any Affiliate or Representative of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any First Amendment Arranger (as defined in the First Amendment), any Second Amendment Arranger (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, any Fourth Amendment Arranger, any Fifth Amendment Arranger, any Sixth Amendment Arranger, any Seventh Amendment Arranger or any Lender that is a Disqualified Institution, (b) to the extent compelled by legal process in, or reasonably necessary to, the defense of such legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, in any legal, judicial or administrative proceeding or otherwise as required by applicable Requirements of Law (in which case such Person shall (i) to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, inform the Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (c) upon the demand or request of any regulatory or governmental authority (including any self-regulatory body) purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Affiliates (in which case such Person shall, except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any Governmental Authority or regulatory or self-regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, (i) inform the Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) subject to an acknowledgment and agreement by the relevant recipient that the Confidential Information is being disseminated on a confidential basis (on substantially the terms set forth in this paragraph or as otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including as set forth in the Information Memorandum) in accordance with the standard syndication process of the Arrangers, First Amendment Arrangers (as defined in the First Amendment), Second Amendment Arrangers (as defined in the Second Amendment), Third Amendment Arranger, Fourth Amendment Arrangers, Fifth Amendment Arrangers or , Sixth Amendment Arrangers or Seventh Amendment Arrangers , as applicable, or market standards for dissemination of the relevant type of information, which shall in any event require click through or other affirmative action on the part of the recipient to access the Confidential Information and acknowledge its confidentiality obligations in respect thereof, to (i) any Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or prospective Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, including any SPC (in 
 157 

each case other than a Disqualified Institution), (ii) any pledgee referred to in Section 9.05 , (iii) any actual or prospective, direct or indirect contractual counterparty (or its advisors) to any Derivative Transaction (including any credit default swap) or similar derivative product to which any Loan Party is a party and (iv) subject to the Borrower s prior approval of the information to be disclosed, (x) to Moody s or S&P on a confidential basis in connection with obtaining or maintaining ratings as required under Section 5.13 or (y) to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the facilities or, on a confidential basis, market data collectors and service providers to the Administrative Agent in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement and the Loan Documents, (f) with the prior written consent of the Borrower and (g) to the extent the Confidential Information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.13 by such Person, its Affiliates or their respective Representatives. For purposes of this Section 9.13 , Confidential Information means all information relating to the Borrower and or any of its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses or the Transactions (including any information obtained by the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Arranger, any First Amendment Arranger (as defined in the First Amendment), any Second Amendment Arranger (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, any Fourth Amendment Arranger, any Fifth Amendment Arranger, any Sixth Amendment Arranger, any Seventh Amendment Arranger, or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives, based on a review of any books and records relating to the Borrower and or any of its Subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates from time to time, including prior to the date hereof) other than any such information that is publicly available to the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any First Amendment Arranger (as defined in the First Amendment), any Second Amendment Arranger (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, any Fourth Amendment Arranger, any Fifth Amendment Arranger, any Sixth Amendment Arranger , any Seventh Amendment Arranger or Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any disclosure of any Confidential Information be made to a Person that is a Disqualified Institution at the time of disclosure. 
 Section 9.14. No Fiduciary Duty . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, any First Amendment Arranger (as defined in the First Amendment), any Second Amendment Arranger (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, any Fourth Amendment Arranger, any Fifth Amendment Arranger, any Sixth Amendment Arranger, any Seventh Amendment Arranger, each Lender and their respective Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Loan Parties, their stockholders and or their respective affiliates. Each Loan Party agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any First Amendment Arranger (as defined in the First Amendment), any Second Amendment Arranger (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, any Fourth Amendment Arranger, any Fifth Amendment Arranger, any Sixth Amendment Arranger, any Seventh Amendment Arranger, any Lender or their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and such Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates, on the other. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender, in its capacity as such, has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to any Loan Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender, in its capacity as such, is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of such Loan Party, its respective management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that such Loan Party has consulted its own legal, tax and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. To the fullest extent permitted by the applicable Requirements of Law, each Loan Party hereby agrees not to assert any claim against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the First Amendment Arrangers (as defined in the First Amendment), the Second Amendment Arrangers (as defined in the Second Amendment), the Third Amendment Arranger, the Fourth Amendment Arrangers, the Fifth Amendment 
 158 

Arrangers, the Sixth Amendment Arrangers , the Seventh Amendment Arrangers any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to any alleged breach of fiduciary duty arising solely by virtue of this Agreement. 
 Section 9.15. Several Obligations . The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. 
 Section 9.16. USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 Section 9.17. Disclosure of Agent Conflicts . Each Loan Party and each Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent and or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates. 
 Section 9.18. Appointment for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable Requirement of Law can be perfected only by possession. If any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtains possession of any Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s instructions. The Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent may act, subject to and in accordance with the terms of any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, and any other applicable intercreditor or subordination agreement, as the collateral agent for the Lenders. 
 Section 9.19. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable Requirements of Law (collectively the Charged Amounts ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charged Amounts payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charged Amounts that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 9.19 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charged Amounts payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, have been received by such Lender. 
 Section 9.20. Conflicts . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and any other Loan Document, the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control provided that in the case of any conflict or inconsistency between any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and any Loan Document, the terms of any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. 
 Section 9.21. Release of Guarantors . Notwithstanding anything in Section 9.02(b) to the contrary, any Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder (and its Loan Guaranty shall be automatically released) (i) upon the consummation of any permitted transaction or series of related transactions if as a result thereof such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) upon such Subsidiary Guarantor becoming or constituting an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a transaction or transactions permitted hereunder and or (iii) upon the occurrence of the Termination Date. In connection with any such release, the Administrative Agent shall promptly execute and deliver to the relevant Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party 
 159 

shall reasonably request to evidence termination or release provided , that upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Financial Officer certifying that the relevant transaction has been consummated in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Any execution and delivery of any document pursuant to the preceding sentence of this Section 9.21 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent (other than as to the Administrative Agent s authority to execute and deliver such documents). 
 Section 9.22. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding of the parties hereto, each such party acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 Section 9.23. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedge Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect 
 160 

to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party under a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 161 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 BLACKSTONE MORTGAGE TRUST, INC., as the Borrower 
 By Name Title 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as a Lender 
 By Name Title 

Signature Page to Term Loan Credit Agreement 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.57>
 4
 exhibit1057.htm
 EX-10.57

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.57 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO MASTER REPURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 AND SECURITIES CONTRACT 
 
 FIRT AMENDMENT TO MASTER REPURCHASE AGREEMENT AND SECURITIES CONTRACT , dated as of December 6, 2022 (this Amendment ), is made by and between MUFG BANK, LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH , a Japanese banking corporation acting through its New York Branch, as buyer (together with its permitted successors and or assigns, Buyer ), and PARLEX 18 FINCO, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as seller Seller ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS , Seller and Buyer entered into that certain Master Repurchase Agreement and Securities Contract, dated as of February 11, 2022 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Master Repurchase Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , Seller and Buyer wish to modify certain terms and provisions of the Master Repurchase Agreement. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing recitals, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows 
 1. Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement . The parties hereto hereby agree that, as of the date hereof (the First Amendment Effective Date ), the Master Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (a) The following definition in Section 2 of the Master Repurchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 Availability Period shall mean the two year period from the Closing Date to the second anniversary of the Closing Date (as such period may be extended pursuant to Section 3(d) of this Agreement). 
 2. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment shall become effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date, subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) Delivered Documents . On the First Amendment Effective Date, Buyer shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be satisfactory to Buyer in form and substance 
 (i) this Amendment, executed and delivered by the duly authorized officers, as applicable, of Buyer and Seller and 
 (ii) such other documents as Buyer or counsel to Buyer may reasonably request. 
 (b) Fees and Expenses . Seller has paid all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to Buyer) due and payable to Buyer under the Program Documents. 

3. Seller Representations . Seller hereby represents and warrants that 
 (a) no Default or Event of Default exists, and no Default or Event of Default will occur as a result of the execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Amendment and 
 (b) all representations and warranties contained in the Master Repurchase Agreement are true, correct, complete and accurate in all respects (except to the extent such representations and warranties are made as of a particular date and except for any exceptions to the representations and warranties in Exhibits G(A), G(B) and G(C) of the Master Repurchase Agreement disclosed to and approved by Buyer). 
 4. Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Master Repurchase Agreement. 
 5. Continuing Effect . As amended by this Amendment, all terms, covenants and provisions of the Master Repurchase Agreement, are ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect. This Amendment shall not constitute a novation of the Master Repurchase Agreement or any other Program Document but shall constitute a modification thereof. In addition, any and all guaranties and indemnities for the benefit of Buyer (including, without limitation, the Guaranty) and agreements subordinating rights and liens to the rights and liens of Buyer, are hereby ratified and confirmed and shall not be released, diminished, impaired, reduced or adversely affected by this Amendment, and each party indemnifying Buyer, and each party subordinating any right or lien to the rights and liens of Buyer, hereby consents, acknowledges and agrees to the modifications set forth in this Amendment and waives any common law, equitable, statutory or other rights which such party might otherwise have as a result of or in connection with this Amendment. 
 6. Binding Effect No Partnership Counterparts . The provisions of the Master Repurchase Agreement, as amended hereby, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to create a partnership or joint venture between any of the parties hereto. For the purpose of facilitating the execution of this Amendment as herein provided, this Amendment may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts when taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Facsimile, documents executed, scanned and transmitted electronically and electronic signatures shall be deemed original signatures for purposes of this Amendment and all matters related thereto, with such facsimile, scanned and electronic signatures having the same legal effect as original signatures. The parties agree that this Amendment, any addendum or any other document necessary for the consummation of the transaction contemplated by this Amendment may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in accordance with the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, Title 15, United States Code, Sections 7001 et seq., the Uniform Electronic Transaction Act and any applicable state law. Any document accepted, executed or agreed to in conformity with such laws will be binding on all parties hereto to the same extent as if it were physically executed and each party hereby consents to the use of any third party electronic signature capture service providers as may be reasonably chosen by a signatory hereto. 
 7. Further Agreements . Seller agrees to execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments or agreements as may be reasonably requested by Buyer and as may be necessary or appropriate from time to time to effectuate the purposes of this Amendment. 
 8. Governing Law . The provisions of Section 20 of the Master Repurchase Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. 
 2 

9. Headings . The headings of the sections and subsections of this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered a part hereof nor shall they be deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the terms or provisions hereof. 
 10. References to Program Documents . All references to the Master Repurchase Agreement in any Program Document, or in any other document executed or delivered in connection therewith shall, from and after the execution and delivery of this Amendment, be deemed a reference to the Master Repurchase Agreement as amended hereby, unless the context expressly requires otherwise. 
 11. No Waiver . The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Buyer under the Master Repurchase Agreement or any other Program Document, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Master Repurchase Agreement or any other Program Document by any of the parties hereto. 
 
 NO FURTHER TEXT ON THIS PAGE 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the day first written above. 
 
 SELLER 
 
 PARLEX 18 FINCO, LLC 

By s Anthony F. Marone Name Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Title Chief Financial Officer, 
 Treasurer and Assistant 
 Secretary 

SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 

BUYER 
 
 MUFG BANK LTD., NEW YORK BRANCH 

By s Ilir Telegrafi Name Ilir Telegrafi Title Director 

</EX-10.57>

<EX-10.61>
 5
 exhibit1061.htm
 EX-10.61

Document 
 Exhibit 10.61 

 SECOND AMENDMENT TO MASTER REPURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO MASTER REPURCHASE AGREEMENT , dated as of December 23, 2022 (this Amendment ), is entered into by and among (i) PARLEX 3A USD IE ISSUER DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY (including any successor thereto, US Purchaser ), PARLEX 3A GBP IE ISSUER DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY (including any successor thereto, UK Purchaser ), PARLEX 3A EUR IE ISSUER DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY (including any successor thereto, EUR Purchaser ), PARLEX 3A SEK IE ISSUER DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY (including any successor thereto, SEK Purchaser ), PERPETUAL CORPORATE TRUST LIMITED AS TRUSTEE OF THE PARLEX 2022-1 ISSUER TRUST (including any successor thereto, AUS Purchaser and together with US Purchaser, UK Purchaser, EUR Purchaser and SEK Purchaser, each a Purchaser and collectively, Purchasers ), (ii) PARLEX 3A FINCO, LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (including any successor thereto in accordance with the Repurchase Agent Agreement, Repurchase Agent ), (iii) BARCLAYS BANK PLC , a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales (including any successor thereto in accordance with the Realisation Agent Agreement, Realisation Agent and (iv) PARLEX 3A FINCO, LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware US Seller ), PARLEX 3A UK FINCO, LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware UK Seller ), PARLEX 3A EUR FINCO, LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware EUR Seller ), PARLEX 3A SEK FINCO, LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware SEK Seller ), SILVER FIN SUB TC PTY LTD , acting in its personal capacity and as trustee for the Silver Fin Sub Trust, an Australian proprietary company AUS Seller and GLOSS FINCO 1, LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of Delaware Gloss Seller and, together with US Seller, UK Seller, EUR Seller, SEK Seller and AUS Seller, each a Seller and collectively, Sellers ). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given in the Repurchase Agreement (as defined below). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS , Purchasers, Repurchase Agent, Realisation Agent and Sellers are parties to that certain Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2022 (the Existing Repurchase Agreement and, as amended by an amendment dated 22 August 2022 and by this Amendment, and as hereafter further amended, modified, restated, replaced, waived, substituted, supplemented or extended from time to time, the Repurchase Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , the parties hereto desire to make certain amendments and modifications to the Existing Repurchase Agreement. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing recitals, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows 
 ARTICLE 1 AMENDMENTS TO THE REPURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 (a) The definition of Material Modification in Article 2 of the Existing Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of a new paragraph (xi) the following form 

(xi) any Material Decision as such term is defined in the Purchased Asset Documents relating to the Project Gloss Assets. 
 (b) The definition of Purchase Price Differential in Article 2 of the Existing Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 Purchase Price Differential shall mean, with respect to any Purchased Asset as of any date of determination, the amount equal to the product of (a) the applicable Pricing Rate for such Purchased Asset and (b) the daily outstanding Purchase Price of such Purchased Asset, calculated on the basis of, with respect to any Transaction for which the Applicable Currency is (i) U.S. Dollars, a 360-day year, (ii) Pound Sterling or Australian Dollars, a 365-day year, (iii) Euros or Swedish Krona, a 360-day year and (iv) otherwise, as set forth in the related Confirmation and, in each case, the actual number of days during the period commencing on (and including) the Purchase Date for such Purchased Asset and ending on the date of determination (reduced by any amount of such Purchase Price Differential previously paid by the related Seller to the related Purchaser with respect to such Purchased Asset). Purchase Price Differential shall be payable in the Applicable Currency of the Purchase Price of the applicable Purchased Asset. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that there is more than one Pricing Rate Determination Date for any Transaction and Pricing Rate Period, unless otherwise specified in the related Confirmation, from and after the occurrence of any subsequent Pricing Rate Determination Date for such Transaction and Pricing Rate Period and until the earlier of (x) the end of such Pricing Rate Period or (y) the occurrence of a new Pricing Rate Determination Date with respect to such Transaction and Pricing Rate Period, the Purchase Price Differential shall accrue at the Pricing Rate determined as of such subsequent Pricing Rate Determination Date as if such subsequent Pricing Rate Determination Date was a date of determination. 
 Article 3(j)(viii) of the Existing Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 each Noteholder (including, without limitation, holder of a Class B Note) has funded its respective share of the related Purchase Price increase, where that share is greater than zero, in accordance with the UK Transaction Documents and 
 
 ARTICLE 2 REPRESENTATIONS 
 (a) Each Seller represents and warrants to Purchasers, Repurchase Agent and Realisation Agent, as of the date of this Amendment, as follows 
 2 

(a) excluding any Due Diligence Representations and as disclosed in a Requested Exceptions Report approved in accordance with the terms of the Repurchase Agreement, all representations and warranties made by it in the Transaction Documents are true, correct and complete on and as of the date of this Amendment 
 (b) it is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Amendment and has taken all necessary action to authorize such execution and delivery 
 (c) the person signing this Amendment on its behalf is duly authorized to do so on its behalf 
 (d) the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to it or its organizational documents or any agreement by which it is bound or by which any of its assets are affected 
 (e) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by it and 
 (f) this Amendment constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, other limitations on creditors rights generally and general principles of equity. 
 
 ARTICLE 3 EXPENSES 
 Sellers shall pay on demand all of Purchaser s, Repurchase Agent s and Realisation Agent s out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including reasonable fees and expenses of attorneys, incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and consummation of this Amendment. 
 ARTICLE 4 GOVERNING LAW 
 THIS AMENDMENT (AND ANY CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY HEREUNDER) SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS, AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS DOCTRINE APPLIED IN SUCH STATE (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 ARTICLE 5 MISCELLANEOUS 
 (a) Except as expressly amended or modified hereby, the Repurchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and is hereby ratified and confirmed. All references to the Repurchase Agreement shall be deemed to mean the Repurchase Agreement as modified by this Amendment. 
 3 

(b) This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment in electronic format shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart of this Amendment. 
 (c) The headings in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation or construction of this Amendment. 
 (d) This Amendment may not be amended or otherwise modified, waived or supplemented except as provided in the Repurchase Agreement. 
 (e) Article 40 Perpetual Creditor Limitation of Liability of the Existing Repurchase Agreement applies to this Amendment as if set out in full in this Amendment and as if references in that Article to this Agreement were to this Amendment . 
 (f) This Amendment contains a final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to such subject matter, superseding all prior oral or written understandings. 
 (g) This Amendment and the Repurchase Agreement, as amended and modified hereby, is a single Transaction Document and shall be construed in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Repurchase Agreement. 
 SIGNATURES FOLLOW 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Amendment as a deed as of the day first written above. 
 SIGNED for and on behalf 
 of PARLEX 3A USD IE ISSUER DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY by its lawfully 
 appointed attorney Paul Carleton 
 in the presence of 

s Peter Nugent 
 (Witness Signature) 
 
 Peter Nugent s Paul Carleton 
 (Witness Name) (Attorney s Signature) 
 
 ___________________ 
 (Witness Address) 
 
 Client Administrator _ 
 (Witness Occupation) 

Effective Date with respect to Parlex 3A USD IE Issuer Designated Activity Company __________ 
 
 SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 
 
 Barclays-BXMT Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement 

SIGNED for and on behalf 
 of PARLEX 3A GBP IE ISSUER DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY by its lawfully 
 appointed attorney Amy Beck ______ 
 in the presence of 

s Louise Hickey 
 (Witness Signature) 
 
 Louise Hickey s Amy Beck 
 (Witness Name) (Attorney s Signature) 
 
 ___________________ 
 (Witness Address) 
 
 Client Account Manager 
 (Witness Occupation) 

Effective Date with respect to Parlex 3A GBP IE Issuer Designated Activity Company __________ 

SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 
 Barclays-BXMT Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement 

SIGNED for and on behalf 
 of PARLEX 3A EUR IE ISSUER DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY by its lawfully 
 appointed attorney Mark McAlinden 
 in the presence of 

s Paul Carleton 
 (Witness Signature) 
 
 Paul Carleton Mark McAlinden 
 (Witness Name) (Attorney s Signature) 
 
 ___________________ 
 (Witness Address) 
 
 Manager 
 (Witness Occupation) 

Effective Date with respect to Parlex 3A EUR IE Issuer Designated Activity Company __________ 
 
 SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 
 Barclays-BXMT Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement 

SIGNED for and on behalf 
 of PARLEX 3A SEK IE ISSUER DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY by its lawfully 
 appointed attorney Louise Hickey 
 in the presence of 

s Amy Beck 
 (Witness Signature) 
 
 Amy Beck s Louise Hickey 
 (Witness Name) (Attorney s Signature) 
 
 ___________________ 
 (Witness Address) 
 
 Client Account Manager 
 (Witness Occupation) 

Effective Date with respect to Parlex 3A SEK IE Issuer Designated Activity Company __________ 
 
 SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 
 
 Barclays-BXMT Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement 

Signed for and on behalf of Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited (ABN 99 000 341 533) in its capacity as trustee of the Parlex 2022-1 Issuer Trust by its attorneys under a power of attorney dated 21 June 2017 in the presence of 

s Diego Maria Thompson Holmberg 
 Signature of attorney who declares that the attorney has not received any notice of the revocation of the power of attorney 
 Diego Maria Thompson Holmberg 
 Full name of attorney Signature of witness who confirms that this document was signed in the witness' presence or signed in counterpart and witnessed over audio visual link in accordance with section 14G of the Electronic Transactions Act (NSW) Full name of witness 
 
 SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 
 
 Barclays-BXMT Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement 

PARLEX 3A FINCO, LLC , as Repurchase Agent 
 By s Katharine Keenan Name Katharine Keenan Title Authorized Signatory 
 SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 
 
 Barclays-BXMT Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC , as Realisation Agent 
 By Jamie McEachran Name Jamie McEachran Title Director, Barclays 
 SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 
 
 Barclays-BXMT Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement 

PARLEX 3A FINCO, LLC , as US Seller 
 By s Katharine Keenan Name Katharine Keenan Title Authorized Signatory 
 PARLEX 3A UK FINCO, LLC , as UK Seller 
 By s Katharine Keenan Name Katharine Keenan Title Authorized Signatory 
 PARLEX 3A EUR FINCO, LLC , as EUR Seller 
 By s Katharine Keenan Name Katharine Keenan Title Authorized Signatory 
 PARLEX 3A SEK FINCO, LLC , as SEK Seller 
 By s Katharine Keenan Name Katharine Keenan Title Authorized Signatory 
 GLOSS FINCO 1, LLC , as Gloss Seller 
 By s Katharine Keenan Name Katharine Keenan Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 
 Barclays-BXMT Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement 

Signed, sealed and delivered by Silver Fin Sub TC Pty Ltd in its personal capacity and as trustee for Silver Fin Sub Trust in accordance with section 127 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
 
 s Christopher John Tynan 
 
 s Craig Newman 
 Signature of director 

Christopher John Tynan 

Signature of company secretary director delete position as appropriate 
 
 Craig Newman 
 
 Full name of director who states that they are a director of Silver Fin Sub TC Pty Ltd 
 Full name of company secretary director delete position as appropriate who states that they are a company secretary director delete position as appropriate of Silver Fin Sub TC Pty Ltd 
 
 Barclays-BXMT Second Amendment to Master Repurchase Agreement 

</EX-10.61>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 Jurisdiction of D B A Entity Incorporation Jurisdiction 345-1 Partners, LLC Delaware 345-2 Partners, LLC Delaware 345-3 Partners, LLC Delaware 345-4 Partners, LLC Delaware 345-30 Partners, LLC Delaware 345-40 Partners, LLC Delaware 345-50 Partners, LLC Delaware 345-7501 MM, LLC Delaware 345-JV Partners, LLC Delaware 345-Lux EUR Partners, LLC Delaware 345-Lux GBP Partners, LLC Delaware 42-16 Partners, LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO Holdco, LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO Holdco A, LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO Holdco B, LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO Holdings A, LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO Holdings B, LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO L Sell, LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO Partners A, LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO Partners B, LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO Sub A, LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO Sub B, LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO (Partnership), LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO (Sub-REIT), LLC Delaware 42-16 CLO (TRS), LLC Delaware Alpha Excess, LLC Delaware Alpha Originations, LLC Delaware Alpha Parlex 1, LLC Delaware Alpha Parlex 2, LLC Delaware Alpha Parlex 3, LLC Delaware Alpha Parlex 4, LLC Delaware Alpha Parlex 5, LLC Delaware Alpha Parlex 6, LLC Delaware Alpha Parlex 7, LLC Delaware Alpha Parlex 8, LLC Delaware Alpha Parlex 9, LLC Delaware Alpha Parlex 10, LLC Delaware Ambassador AUD Holdings, LLC Delaware Ambassador CAD Holdings, LLC Delaware Ambassador CHF Holdings, LLC Delaware Ambassador DKK Holdings, LLC Delaware 

Ambassador EUR Holdings, LLC Delaware Ambassador GBP Holdings, LLC Delaware Ambassador SEK Holdings, LLC Delaware BXMT 2017-FL1, LLC Delaware BXMT 2017-FL1, Ltd. Cayman Islands BXMT 2020-FL2, LLC Delaware BXMT 2020-FL2, Ltd. Cayman Islands BXMT 2020-FL3, LLC Delaware BXMT 2020-FL3, Ltd. Cayman Islands BXMT 2021-FL4, LLC Delaware BXMT 2021-FL4, Ltd. Cayman Islands BXMT 2022-FL5, LLC Delaware BXMT 2022-FL5, Ltd. Cayman Islands Canada Office Portfolio Finco 2014, LLC Delaware Castle EUR Finco, LLC Delaware Castle UK Finco, LLC Delaware De Vere Resorts Finco 2014, LLC Delaware Gloss Finco 1, LLC Delaware Gloss Finco 2, LLC Delaware Gloss Finco 3, LLC Delaware Gloss Holdco 1, LLC Delaware Gloss Holdco 2, LLC Delaware Gloss Noteco 1, LLC Delaware Gloss Noteco 2, LLC Delaware Husky DKK Finco, LLC Delaware Husky Finco, LLC Delaware Husky Finco II, LLC Delaware Husky AU Finco, LLC Delaware Husky AU-A Finco, LLC Delaware Husky CAD Finco, LLC Delaware Husky CHF Finco, LLC Delaware Husky EUR Finco, LLC Delaware Husky SEK Finco, LLC Delaware Husky UK Finco, LLC Delaware KK-RR Finco, LLC Delaware LO-JR Finco, LLC Delaware Magma Finco 12, LLC Delaware Magma Finco 13, LLC Delaware Magma Finco 16, LLC Delaware Molten Partners, LLC Delaware Parlex 1 Finance, LLC Delaware Parlex 2 Finance, LLC Delaware Parlex 2 AU HoldCo, LLC Delaware 

Parlex 2 AU HoldCo II, LLC Delaware Parlex 2 AU Sub Trust Australia Parlex 2 AU Trust Australia Parlex 2 AU Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 2 CAD Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 2 EUR Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 2 UK Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 2A Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 3 Finance, LLC Delaware Parlex 3 AU Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 3 CAD Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 3 EUR Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 3 UK Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 3A EUR Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 3A Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 3A UK Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 3A SEK Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 4 Finance, LLC Delaware Parlex 4 UK Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 5 Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 5 Ken Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 5 Ken CAD Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 5 Ken EUR Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 5 Ken ONT Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 5 Ken UK Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 6 DKK Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 6 EUR Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 6 Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 6 UK Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 7 Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 8 EUR Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 8 Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 8 GBP Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 8 Lux EUR Finco, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Parlex 8 Lux EUR Pledgeco, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Parlex 9 Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 10 Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 10 Lux EUR Finco, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Parlex 10 Lux EUR Pledgeco, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Parlex 10 Lux GBP Finco, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Parlex 10 Lux GBP Pledgeco, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Parlex 11 Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 14 CHF Finco, LLC Delaware 

Parlex 14 EUR Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 14 Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 14 UK Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 15 AU Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 15 Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 15 Holdco, LLC Delaware Parlex 15 Lux EUR Finco, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Parlex 15 Lux EUR Pledgeco, S.a r.l. Luxembourg Parlex 17 Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 18 Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 19 EUR Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 19 UK Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex 2022-1 Issuer Trust Australia Parlex AU-A Finco, LLC Delaware Parlex ONT Partners GP, LLC Delaware Parlex ONT Partners, LP Canada Q Hotels Finco 2014, LLC Delaware Silver Fin Master Holding, LP Cayman Islands Silver Fin Hold TC Pty Ltd Australia Silver Fin Hold Trust Australia Silver Fin II Sub TC Pty Ltd Australia Silver Fin II Sub Trust Australia Silver Fin Sub TC Pty Ltd Australia Silver Fin Sub Trust Australia Silver Holdco I, LLC Delaware Silver Holdco II, LLC Delaware SL-JR Finco, LLC Delaware Spring Finco, LLC Delaware Victor Holdings I, LLC Delaware Village Finco 2022, LLC Delaware WD-BXMT Lending, LLC Delaware Wispar 1 Finco, LLC Delaware Wispar 2 Finco, LLC Delaware Wispar 3 Finco, LLC Delaware Wispar 4 Finco, LLC Delaware Wispar 5 Finco, LLC Delaware Wispar 6 Finco, LLC Delaware Wispar Husky Finco, LLC Delaware WL-OC Finco, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-266403) and on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-225774 and 333- 265804) pertaining to (i) the Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan and (ii) the Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan of our report dated February 8, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 New York, NY 
 February 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 PROMULGATED UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Katharine A. Keenan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 8, 2023 
 
 s Katharine A. Keenan Katharine A. Keenan Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 PROMULGATED UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Anthony F. Marone, Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 8, 2023 
 s Anthony F. Marone Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Katharine A. Keenan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Katharine A. Keenan Katharine A. Keenan Chief Executive Officer February 8, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anthony F. Marone, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Anthony F. Marone 
 Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Chief Financial Officer February 8, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 bxmt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 bxmt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 bxmt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 bxmt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 bxmt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

