<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1588272_0001193125-23-079332.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16212608</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>310250</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1695457</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5807686</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3321406</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4466828</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-079332.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324182222
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-079332
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NexPoint Capital, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001588272
		IRS NUMBER:				383926499
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01074
		FILM NUMBER:		23761061

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CRESCENT COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-276-6300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CRESCENT COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NexPoint Capital, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-079332.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 d437941d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM 
 TO 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

(I.R.S. Employer

incorporation or organization)

Identification No.)

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 None 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K
 is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
 or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

Yes No If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 There is no established 
market for the registrant s shares of common stock. The registrant closed the public offering of its shares of common stock in February 14, 2018 and the final offering price was 10.75. Since the registrant closed its public offering it has continued to issue shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan. The most recent price at which the registrant has issued shares pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan was 5.72 per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Registrant had shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: Portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement relating to the Registrant s 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

PART 
I

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

20 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

49 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

50 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

51 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

52 

PART II

Item 5. 
 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

53 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

60 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

61 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

79 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

81 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

126 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

127 

PART III

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

128 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

128 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

128 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

128 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

128 

PART IV

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

129 

Signatures 

131 

Table of Contents 
 PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Organization 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. (the Company ), which may also be referred to as we, us, or our, incorporated on September 30, 2013 (inception date) as a Delaware limited liability company. The Company is an externally managed, non-diversified,
 closed-end
 management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). The Company is an investment company and accordingly follows the Investment Company accounting and reporting guidance under Topic 946 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification, as amended ASC ), Financial Services Investment Companies

. The Company s investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation primarily through investments in middle-market healthcare companies, middle-market companies in non-healthcare
 sectors, syndicated floating rate debt of large public and nonpublic companies and collateralized loan obligations CLOs ). The Company has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and intends each year to qualify and be treated as such. 
 The Company issued 21,739.13 LLC units to NexPoint Advisors, L.P. (the Adviser on May 27, 2014 (initial fund-raising date), at 9.20 per share for 200,000 in total proceeds. On June 10, 2014, the Company converted to a Delaware corporation, NexPoint Capital, Inc. As part of the conversion to a Delaware corporation, the member of the Company converted 21,739.13 LLC units into 21,739.13 shares of the Company s common stock, representing an equivalent price of 9.20 per share based on the fair value of the assets contributed by the Adviser in connection with the formation of the Company, as determined by the board of directors (the Board at the time of the conversion. 
 On September 2, 2014 (commencement of operations), in connection with a private placement of shares of our common stock to the Adviser and its affiliates, the Company issued an aggregate of approximately 1,086,954 shares of common stock at a price of 9.20 per share, which price represents the public offering price of 10.00 per share less selling commissions and dealer manager fees, for aggregate proceeds of approximately 10.0 million. 
 As a result of the private placement to the Adviser and its affiliates, the Company successfully satisfied the minimum offering requirement and officially commenced operations on September 2, 2014. In connection with the satisfaction of the minimum offering requirement and the commencement of our operations, the Investment Advisory Agreement became effective and the base investment advisory fee and any incentive fees, as applicable, payable to the Adviser under the Investment Advisory Agreement began to accrue. In aggregate as of December 31, 2022, the Adviser controls 2,549,002 total shares, including reinvestment of dividends, for a net amount of approximately 14.1 million. 
 The Company has retained the Adviser to manage certain aspects of its affairs on a day-to-day

 basis. NexPoint Securities, Inc. (the Dealer Manager ), an entity under common ownership with the Adviser, served as the dealer manager of the continuous public offering prior to the termination of the offering. The Adviser and Dealer Manager are related parties and will receive fees, distributions and other compensation for services related to the continuous public offering and the investment and management of the Company s assets. The Company s continuous public offering ended on February 14, 2018. 
 Overview of Our Business 

 Our investment activities are managed by the Adviser and supervised by the Board, of which a majority of the members are independent of the Company. The Adviser has also entered into a Services Agreement with Skyview Group Skyview ), effective February 25, 2021, pursuant to which the Adviser will receive administrative and operational support services to enable it to provide the required advisory services to the Company. The Adviser will compensate all Adviser and Skyview personnel who provide services to the Company. 
 Our investment objective is to generate high current income and long-term capital appreciation. We seek to achieve our objective by using the experience of the Adviser s healthcare, credit and structured products teams to source, evaluate and structure investments, identify attractive investment opportunities that are primarily debt investments that generate high income without creating undue risk for the portfolio, make equity investments where we believe there will be attractive risk-adjusted returns that compensate for the lack of current income, and make investments in debt and equity tranches of CLOs that deliver income and high relative value. We will focus on companies that are stable, have positive cash flow, and the ability to grow their business model. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Our investment policy is to invest, under normal circumstances, at least 80 of our total assets in debt and equity of middle market companies, with an emphasis on healthcare companies, syndicated floating rate debt of large public and nonpublic companies, and mezzanine and equity tranches of CLOs. Middle-market companies include companies with annual revenues between 50 million and 2.5 billion and syndicated floating rate debt refers to loans and other instruments originated by a bank to a corporation that are sold off, or syndicated, to investors in pieces. We consider a healthcare company to be a company that is engaged in the design, development, production, sale, management or distribution of products, services or facilities used for or in connection with the healthcare industry. Additionally, we consider the term healthcare company to include companies that are materially impacted by the healthcare industry (such as a contractor that derives significant revenue or profit from the construction of hospitals). We may invest without limit in companies that are not in the healthcare sector. 
 We leverage the expertise of the Adviser with regard to distressed investing and restructuring to make opportunistic investments in distressed companies. We utilize the Adviser s credit underwriting capability to identify the types of companies we believe will provide high current income and/or long-term capital appreciation. In addition to the investments in the healthcare industry, we may invest a portion of our capital in other opportunistic investments in which the Adviser has expertise and where we believe an opportunity exists to achieve above-average risk-adjusted yields and returns. These types of opportunities may include: (1) direct lending or origination investments, (2) investments in stressed or distressed situations, (3) structured product investments, (4) equity investments and (5) other investment opportunities not typically available in other BDCs. Opportunistic investments may range from broadly syndicated deals to direct lending deals in both private and public companies and may include foreign investments. We believe this is the best approach to achieving our dual mandate of attempting to generate a high yield while also attempting to produce capital appreciation. 
 We seek to invest primarily in securities deemed by the Adviser to be high income generating debt investments and income generating equity securities of privately held companies in the United States. The portfolio may be concentrated primarily in senior floating rate debt securities, although we may invest without limit in securities that rank lower than senior secured instruments and may invest without limit in investments with a fixed rate of interest. We may buy syndicated loans, various tranches of CLOs and other debt instruments in the secondary market as well as originate debt so we can tailor the investment parameters more precisely to our needs. We also may invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities that are non-income
 producing, when doing so will help us achieve our objective of long-term capital appreciation. We expect the size of our positions may range from 250 thousand to 5 million, although investments may be larger as our asset base increases. We may selectively make investments in amounts larger than 5 million in some of our portfolio companies. We may make smaller investments. We may also invest without limitation in warrants and may also use derivatives, primarily swaps (including equity, variance and volatility swaps), options and futures contracts on securities, interest rates, commodities and/or currencies, as substitutes for direct investments the Company can make. We may also use derivatives such as swaps, options (including options on futures), futures, and foreign currency transactions (e.g., foreign currency swaps, futures and forwards) to any extent deemed by the Adviser to be in the best interest of the Company, and to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, to hedge various investments for risk management and speculative purposes. We may invest up to 15 of our net assets in entities that are excluded from registration under the 1940 Act by virtue of sections 3(c)(1) and 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act (such as private equity funds or hedge funds). This limitation does not apply to any CLOs, certain of which may rely on section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. 
 We expect that many of the securities in which we invest will be rated below investment grade by independent rating agencies or would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. These securities, which may be referred to as junk, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. In addition, we expect that many of our debt investments will include floating interest rates that reset on a periodic basis and typically will not require the borrowers to pay down the outstanding principal of such debt prior to maturity. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio, with a total fair value of 53.3 million, consisted of 39 positions in portfolio companies (calculated as a percentage of investments: 21.7 in first lien senior secured loans, 5.0 in second lien senior secured loans, 5.1 in corporate bonds, 0.0 in asset-backed securities, 0.3 in warrants, 36.6 in common stock, 22.5 in preferred stocks and 8.8 in LLC interests. As of December 31, 2022, the debt investments in our portfolio carry a weighted average cost price of 94.17 on par or stated value, as applicable, and our estimated gross annual portfolio yield (which represents the expected yield to be generated by us on our investment portfolio based on the composition of our portfolio as of such date), prior to leverage costs, was 3.51 based on the amortized cost of our investments. The portfolio yield does not represent an actual investment return to stockholders and does not include income from CLO equity. 
 Recent Developments 

 On January 5, 2023, the Board of the Company declared a cash distribution of 0.09 per share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, payable on January 23, 2023, to the stockholders of record on December 31, 2022. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Potential Competitive Strengths 

 We believe the breadth, depth and experience of the Adviser s senior management and investment team provides a significant advantage in sourcing, analyzing, monitoring and managing investment opportunities. As discussed above, the Adviser has entered into a Services Agreement with Skyview pursuant to which the Adviser may utilize Skyview s back office operations team that has years of experience in settling and tracking bank loan investments and its dedicated team that operates registered funds, works with third party service providers, interacts with portfolio managers to provide timely information and portfolio statistics, and has experience interacting with legal counsel, auditors, other third-party service providers and the Board. 
 We believe the long-term investment horizon we are afforded through the BDC structure will allow us flexibility to find the investments that will deliver the highest value to our investors. Unlike a typical private equity or venture fund, we are not required to return capital once a liquidity event is realized in an underlying investment. Because of the permanent capital vehicle structure, we believe we can offer an institutional-type strategy focused on the healthcare sector with institutional management capabilities to investors. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates have significant experience investing in the healthcare sector, across all sectors, all asset classes and in structured products. The Adviser and its affiliates investments have spanned the range from large capitalization companies that are publicly traded to small, privately held companies and to distressed companies that have been successfully turned around. We believe the Adviser and its affiliates expertise in underwriting credit across all sectors will give us an advantage in identifying and investing in the best middle-market companies in direct lending situations, syndicated loans and CLOs. 
 Investment Criteria/Guidelines 

 We believe there are currently, and will continue to be, significant investment opportunities in middle-market companies and larger private companies, particularly in the healthcare sector and particularly in income producing securities, in the United States. Additionally, we believe there continues to be attractive investment opportunities in the syndicated floating rate debt and CLO markets. 
 Target businesses will typically exhibit some or all of the following characteristics: 

exposure to healthcare sub-sectors
 we believe will benefit from implementation of alternative payment models; 

exposure to non-healthcare
 sub-sectors
 we believe will benefit from a rising interest rate environment and the Federal Reserve s policies in response to rising rates; 

a U.S. base of operations; 

an experienced management team executing a long-term growth strategy; 

discernable downside protection through recurring revenue or strong tangible asset coverage; 

defensible niche product/service; 

products and services with distinctive competitive advantages or other barriers to entry; 

stable and predictable free cash flows; 

existing indebtedness that may be refinanced on attractive terms; 

low technology and market risk; 

strong customer relationships; and 

low to moderate capital expenditure requirements. 
 We expect that deal flow and idea generation for investments will primarily originate from the Adviser and its affiliates existing and extensive network of informal and unconventional deal sources in the middle-market business community. Once potential investments have been identified, we, through our Adviser, will conduct a rigorous due diligence process that draws from our Adviser s investment experience, industry expertise and network of contacts. Our Adviser will then work with outside counsel to structure loans with strong creditor protections and contractual controls over borrower operations. Our Adviser will work to obtain extensive operating and financial covenants, detailed reporting requirements, governance rights and board seats to protect our investment while allowing the borrower the necessary flexibility to successfully execute its business plan. We will actively monitor and manage our portfolio with regard to individual company performance as well as general market conditions. Investment decisions on new originations generally will include an analysis of the impact of the new loan on our broader portfolio, including a top-down 
 assessment of portfolio structure and risk exposure. 
 
 4

Table of Contents 
 Investments in Middle-Market Healthcare Companies 

Our portfolio of middle-market investments will have a focus on companies in the healthcare sector as we believe there is a large and growing investment opportunity in this sector. Changes in the U.S. healthcare reimbursement system, including the implementation of value-based payment models are creating a dramatic upheaval in the healthcare sector, affecting each sub-sector
 differently, and will produce a positive impact for some sub-sectors
 and a negative impact for others. 
 We believe some companies are better positioned to take advantage of these changes while others will consolidate with stronger players. Based on our deep understanding of the healthcare sector, we believe these developments will create a changing landscape for years to come. 
 Healthcare is a defensive and stable sector that has experienced out-sized
 growth and consistency during the past four decades. There are three primary growth drivers of healthcare: (1) demographics, (2) price inflation and (3) per-person
 utilization of care. The historical demographic growth rate has been 1.00 . Price inflation in healthcare has added an additional 5.64 , more than double the baseline U.S. GDP growth rate since 1970 of 2.79 . Per-person
 utilization is a function of access to health insurance as well as aging demographics. In the past three decades, the population above age 90 has tripled and is expected to quadruple over the next three decades. Due to these drivers, healthcare has moved from 3 of GDP in 1980 to approximately 18 today and is expected to continue to grow. 
 Investments in Middle-Market Non-Healthcare
 Companies 

In response to elevated inflation, the Federal Reserve (the Fed has raised Fed Funds from effectively zero at the start of 2022 to over 4.25 by year-end
 and commenced with Quantitative Tightening by reducing its balance sheet after two years of growth. We believe that higher interest rates will make it more difficult for middle-market companies in all sectors to raise debt and equity capital. Furthermore, the capital requirements of business in many sectors will be enormous in coming years as companies catch up on delayed capital spending and make required investments to adapt to structural economic changes brought on by COVID-19.
 These companies will, in our opinion, turn more and more to specialty finance vehicles, such as us, to procure the capital they need for growth. We view the financing of middle-market companies to be an underserved area, presenting enormous opportunities. 
 Investments in Large Syndicated Floating Rate Debt 

A portion of the investments we make in middle-market companies are expected to be in the form of floating rate instruments. Also, a portion of the portfolio will be invested in large syndicated floating rate debt of non-public
 and public companies. Syndicated floating rate debts are loans originated by a bank to a corporation that are sold off, or syndicated, to investors in pieces. Floating rate loans have a base rate that adjusts periodically plus a spread over the base rate. The base rate is typically the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) and resets every 90 days. With rates resetting in an environment where the prevailing base rate is increasing, the income stream from a floating rate instrument will increase. 
 Syndicated floating rate debt offers certain benefits: 
 High current income.

 Historically, floating rate loans have lower yields than high yield bonds, due in part to better credit and interest-rate risk profile, but still offer an attractive risk-reward income dynamic. 
 Adjustable coupon payment.

 Floating rate loans are structured so that interest rates reset on a predetermined schedule. When interest rates rise, coupon payments increase, and vice versa, with little lag time (typically 90 days or less). This feature greatly reduces the interest rate, or duration, risk inherent in high yield bonds, which typically never reset. Therefore, as rates rise, the value of a high yield bond should decline while the value of a floating rate loan should remain stable. 
 Priority in event of default.

 In the event of a default, floating rate loans typically have a higher position in a company s capital structure, have first claim to assets and greater covenant protection than high yield bonds. As a result, floating rate loans have generally recovered a greater percentage of value than high yield bonds. Also, the default rate for floating rate loans has historically been lower than defaults of high yield bonds. 
 Reduced Volatility.

 The return of floating rate loans has historically had a low correlation to most asset classes and a negative correlation with some asset classes. Therefore, adding floating rate loans to a portfolio should reduce volatility and risk. 
 
 5

Table of Contents 

In our view, an allocation to large syndicated floating rate debt provides stable value with high current income and offers the portfolio liquidity. 
 Investments in CLOs 

We view CLOs as an excellent way to gain exposure to syndicated floating rate debt at a less expensive price and higher yield with greater upside potential for capital appreciation while minimizing interest rate risk. CLO vehicles are entities formed to manage a portfolio of syndicated bank loans. The CLO vehicle raises capital by issuing equity and multiple tranches of debt and uses the proceeds to buy the underlying portfolio of syndicated bank loans. The syndicated bank loans the CLO is allowed to purchase is limited by criteria established within the documents governing the CLO. The CLO also has certain priority of payment provisions or waterfall provisions that benefit the higher rated debt tranches. Documents governing CLOs typically provide for adjustments to the waterfall in the event certain tests are triggered, diverting cash to the higher rated debt tranches. 
 Investment Process Overview 

 Sourcing

. We believe that identifying middle-market companies that represent attractive debt investment opportunities requires a different sourcing network than is required for investments in larger companies. Whereas larger companies typically hire an investment bank to help develop marketing materials and run a financing process involving a large number of potential lenders to ensure pricing is determined by the market, middle-market companies typically do not have the resources to hire large financial advisers or investment banks. While these lending opportunities are far less competitive, they are more difficult to source. 
 We expect that deal flow and idea generation for investments will primarily originate from the Adviser and its affiliates existing and extensive network of informal and unconventional deal sources in the middle-market business community. Built over 20 years, this deal sourcing network includes accountants, attorneys, bankers, brokers, insurance agents, consultants, private equity firms and financial advisers who have access to small-cap
 companies. Additionally, we have forged contacts specific to the healthcare and energy industry that includes all sub-sectors,
 as well as other sectors. 
 The contacts in the Adviser s network generally operate outside of the established investment banking infrastructure and typically play a limited introductory role to companies and their management teams. In addition, the Adviser promotes a culture in which sourcing is considered a focus for all of its investment professionals. 
 Due Diligence

. We believe it is critical to conduct extensive due diligence on investment targets, and in evaluating new investments. We, through our Adviser, will conduct a rigorous due diligence process that draws from our Adviser s investment experience, industry expertise and network of contacts. Our Adviser intends to conduct extensive due diligence and perform thorough credit analysis on each potential portfolio company investment. In conducting due diligence, we expect that our Adviser will use publicly available information and private information provided by borrowers, their financial sponsors and their advisers. Our Adviser expects to use its relationships with former and current management teams, consultants, competitors, bankers, private equity firms and investment bankers to gain further insights into businesses and industries, generally, and our potential portfolio companies, specifically. 
 Our due diligence will typically include the following elements (although not all elements will necessarily form part of each due diligence review): 

thorough review of historical and pro forma financial information, including an analysis of collateral coverage, cash flow and valuation multiples and quality of earnings; 

review of capital structure, including leverage and equity amounts, participants and intercreditor arrangements; 

analysis of the business of the prospective portfolio company, including drivers of growth, customer and supplier concentrations, fixed versus variable costs and sensitivity analyses (with a focus on downside scenario analysis); 

analysis of the industry in which the prospective portfolio company operates, including its competitive position, industry size and growth rates, competitive outlook, barriers to entry, and technological, regulatory and similar considerations; 

interviews with management, employees, customers and vendors and analysis of management s track record, quality, breadth and depth; 

anticipated form of any potential restructuring, potential liquidation value and potential for collateral impairment; 

preparation or review of material contracts and loan documents; 

anticipated timing of covenant breaches and default cure provisions; 

research relating to the company s business, industry, markets, products and services; 

background checks on key managers when appropriate; and 
 
 6

Table of Contents 

third-party research relating to the company s management, industry, markets, products and services and competitors. 
 Additional due diligence with respect to any investment may be conducted on our behalf by attorneys and independent accountants as well as other outside advisers, as appropriate. 
 Structuring Originations

. Our Adviser s team has substantial expertise in structuring and documenting loans originated to middle-market companies. Our Adviser works with outside counsel to structure loans with strong creditor protections and contractual controls over borrower operations. Our Adviser works to obtain extensive operating and financial covenants, detailed reporting requirements, governance rights and board seats to protect our investment while allowing the borrower the necessary flexibility to successfully execute its business plan. We believe that our Adviser s extensive experience allows it to anticipate issues and maximize our potential recovery upon the occurrence of adverse events, and our Adviser is able to seek to structure our loan and credit documentation to protect us from risks identified in the due diligence process. Our Adviser also evaluates the broader capital structure of the borrower to ensure that we have strong rights as compared to other participants in the borrower s capital structure. 
 Portfolio Management and Monitoring

. We actively monitor and manage our portfolio with regard to individual company performance as well as general market conditions. Investment decisions on new originations generally include an analysis of the impact of the new loan on our broader portfolio, including a top-down 
 assessment of portfolio structure and risk exposure. This assessment includes a review of portfolio concentration by issuer, industry, geography and type of credit as well as an evaluation of our portfolio s exposure to macroeconomic factors and cyclical trends. 
 We believe that consistent, active monitoring of individual companies and the broader market is integral to portfolio management and a critical component of our investment process. Our Adviser uses several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, including the following: 

frequent discussions with management and sponsors, including board observation rights where possible; 

comparing/analyzing financial performance to the portfolio company s business plan, as well as our internal projections developed at underwriting; 

tracking portfolio company compliance with covenants, as well as other metrics identified at the initial investment stage, such as acquisitions, divestitures, product development and specified management hires; and 

periodic review of each asset in the portfolio and more rigorous monitoring of watch list positions. 
 Competition 

 Our primary competitors to provide financing to middle-market companies include public and private funds, including other business development companies, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies, and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds. As the economic recovery continues, we expect that we may face enhanced competition in the future. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act will impose on us as a BDC and that the Code will impose on us as a RIC. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure The highly competitive market for investment opportunities in which we operate may limit our investment opportunities. 
 Administration 

 We do not have any direct employees, and our day-to-day

 investment operations are managed by our Adviser. Our officers will be employees of the Adviser. Some of our executive officers described under Management of the Company are also officers of the Adviser. See The Adviser and the Administrator Administration Agreement. 
 Regulation 

 We have filed an election to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act and to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and intend each year to qualify and be eligible to be treated as such. As a RIC, we generally do not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between business development companies and their affiliates (including any Advisers or sub-advisers),
 principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 majority of the directors of a BDC be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed an underwriter as that term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Our intention is to not write (sell) or buy put or call options to manage risks associated with the publicly traded securities of our portfolio companies, except that we may enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations to the extent that we are permitted to engage in such hedging transactions without registering with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC as a commodity pool operator. However, we may purchase or otherwise receive warrants to purchase the common stock of our portfolio companies in connection with acquisition financing or other investments. Similarly, in connection with an acquisition, we may acquire rights to require the issuers of acquired securities or their affiliates to repurchase them under certain circumstances. We also do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any registered investment company, invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. With regard to that portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders to additional expenses. None of these policies is fundamental and each may be changed without stockholder approval. 
 To the extent that we utilize a REIT subsidiary that directly incurs leverage in the form of debt (as opposed to non-recourse
 borrowings made through special purpose vehicles), the amount of such recourse leverage used by us will be consolidated and treated as senior securities for purposes of complying with the 1940 Act s limitations on leverage. Accordingly, it is our present intention to utilize leverage through debt or borrowings in an amount not to exceed 50 of our total assets (i.e., to maintain 200 asset coverage), less the amount of any nonrecourse direct debt or borrowing by a REIT subsidiary, if any. Because a REIT subsidiary s preferred shares would represent a small amount of leverage by the REIT subsidiary, such leverage will also be consolidated for purposes of complying with the 1940 Act s limitations on our ability to issue preferred shares. 
 Qualifying Assets 

Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our proposed business are the following: 

1. 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

a. 
 is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

b. 
 is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

c. 
 satisfies any of the following: 

i. 
 does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or has any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange subject to a 250 million market capitalization maximum; or 

ii. 
 is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC, the BDC actually exercises controlling influence over the management or policies of the eligible portfolio company, and, as a result, the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company. 

2. 
 Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 

3. 
 Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

5. 
 Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

6. 
 Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 The regulations defining and interpreting qualifying assets may change over time. We expect to adjust our investment focus as needed to comply with and/or take advantage of any regulatory, legislative, administrative or judicial actions in this area. 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 

In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance. When a BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. As our administrator, the Adviser has agreed to provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. We may receive fees for these services and will reimburse the Adviser for the actual costs incurred in providing managerial assistance on our behalf, subject to the review and approval by the Board, including our independent directors. 
 Temporary Investments 

Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, so long as such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. Government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. Our Adviser intends to monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 Code of Ethics 

We and the Adviser have each adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1
 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to each code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. In addition, each code of ethics is attached as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and is available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov

. You may also obtain copies of each code of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following Email address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 

9 

Table of Contents 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 

We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to our Adviser. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of our Adviser are described below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by our Adviser and our non-interested
 directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. For purposes of these Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures described below, we our and us refers to our Adviser. 
 Introduction 

As an Adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended Advisers Act ), we have a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of our clients. As part of this duty, we recognize that we must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of our clients. 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies for our investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6
 under the Advisers Act. 
 Proxy Policies 

We vote proxies relating to our clients portfolio securities in what we perceive to be the best interest of our clients stockholders. We review on a case-by-case

 basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by our clients. In most cases, we will vote in favor of proposals that we believe are likely to increase the value of our clients portfolio securities. Although we will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on our clients portfolio securities, we may vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 Our proxy voting decisions are made by the senior officers who are responsible for monitoring each of clients investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, we require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to our Chief Compliance Officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. Where conflicts of interest may be present, we will disclose such conflicts, including to us, and may request guidance on how to vote such proxies. 
 Proxy Voting Records 

You may obtain information without charge about how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Investor Relations, 300 Crescent Court, Suite 700, Dallas, Texas 75201, or by calling us collect at (844) 485-9167.
 
 Privacy Principles 

We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguarding their non-public
 personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 Generally, we do not receive any non-public
 personal information relating to our stockholders. The only information we collect from you is your name, address, number of shares you hold and your social security number. This information is used only so that we can send you annual reports and other information about us, and send you proxy statements or other information required by law. We will maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the non-public
 personal information of our stockholders. We do not disclose any non-public
 personal information about our stockholders or former stockholders to anyone except as described below. 

Authorized Employees of the Adviser and Its Affiliates

. It is our policy that only authorized employees of the Adviser and its affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information will have access to it. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Service Providers

. We may disclose your personal information to companies that provide services on our behalf, such as record keeping, processing your trades, and mailing you information. These companies are required to protect your information and use it solely for the purpose for which they received it. 

Courts and Government Officials

. If required by law, we may disclose your personal information in accordance with a court order or at the request of government regulators. Only that information required by law, subpoena, or court order will be disclosed. 
 Other 

We are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, five percent or more of our outstanding voting securities will be our affiliate for purposes of the 1940 Act, and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to, or entering into certain joint transactions (which could include investments in the same portfolio company) with such affiliates, absent the prior approval of our independent directors and/or appropriate exemptive relief. Our Adviser and its affiliates, including persons that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, us or our Adviser, are also considered to be our affiliates under the 1940 Act, and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to, or entering into joint transactions with such affiliates without the prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, exemptive relief from the SEC. 
 We may, however, invest alongside the Adviser s, and its affiliates other clients in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with applicable law and SEC staff interpretations and specific exemptive relief from the SEC. For example, we may invest alongside such accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the staff of the SEC permitting us and such other accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that our Adviser, acting on our behalf and on behalf of other clients, negotiates no term other than price. We and the Adviser have obtained an exemptive order dated April 19, 2016 from the SEC to permit co-investments
 among the Company and other accounts managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, subject to certain conditions. We may also invest alongside our Adviser s other clients as otherwise permissible under regulatory guidance, applicable regulations and the allocation policy of our Adviser and its affiliates (including clients that may pay higher fees to the Adviser or its affiliates or in which our portfolio managers have personal interest in the receipt of such fess). If sufficient securities or loan amounts are available to satisfy our and each such account s proposed demand, we expect that the opportunity will be allocated in accordance with our Adviser s pre-transaction
 determination. Where there is an insufficient amount of an investment opportunity to satisfy us and other accounts sponsored or managed by our Adviser or its affiliates, the allocation policy further provides that allocations among us and such other accounts will generally be made pro rata, based on the amount that each such party would have invested if sufficient securities or loan amounts were available. The allocation policies and procedures are intended to assist the Adviser and its affiliates in ensuring that investment opportunities will be allocated to us fairly and equitably. 
 We will be subject to periodic examination by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. Under the 1940 Act, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 We and the Adviser will each be required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the U.S. federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 
 We are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below current net asset value per share. We may, however, issue and sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value per share of our common stock if the Board determines that such sale is in the best interests of us and our stockholders, and if our stockholders approve such sale within the preceding 12 months. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of the Board, closely approximates the fair value of such securities as determined by the Adviser, as the Company s valuation designee. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements will affect us. For example: 

pursuant to Rule 13a-14
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K
 under the Securities Act, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15
 of the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K
 under the Securities Act and Rule 13a-15
 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated under it. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance with that act. 
 Brokerage Allocation and Other Practices 

 Since we intend to generally acquire and dispose of our investments in privately negotiated transactions, we expect to infrequently use brokers in the normal course of our business. Subject to policies established by the Board, the Adviser will be primarily responsible for the execution of the publicly traded securities portion of our portfolio transactions and the allocation of brokerage commissions. The Adviser does not execute transactions through any particular broker or dealer, but seeks to obtain the best net results for us, considering such factors as (i) price (including the applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), (ii) size of the order, (iii) difficulty of execution, (iv) operational facilities of the firm, (v) promptness of execution and past history in executing orders, (vi) clearance and settlement capabilities, (vii) research capabilities, (viii) access to markets and distribution network, (ix) the firm s risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities and (x) trade error rate and ability or willingness to correct errors. While the Adviser will generally seek reasonably competitive trade execution costs, we will not necessarily pay the lowest spread or commission available. Subject to applicable legal requirements, the Adviser may select a broker based partly upon brokerage, research or other services provided to it and us and any other clients. In return for such services, we may pay a higher commission than other brokers would charge if the Adviser determines in good faith that such commission is reasonable in relation to the services provided. 
 Tax Matters 

The following is a general summary of some of the important U.S. federal income tax considerations affecting us and our common shareholders that are United States persons within the meaning of the Code, and does not address any state, local, foreign or other tax consequences. It reflects provisions of the Code, existing Treasury regulations, and other applicable authority, as of the date of this annual report. These authorities may be changed, possibly with retroactive effect, or subject to new legislative, administrative, or judicial interpretations. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to our common shareholders. For example, except as otherwise specifically noted herein, we have not described certain tax considerations that may be relevant to certain types of holders subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including shareholders subject to the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax, insurance companies, tax-exempt
 organizations, pension plans and trusts, RICs, dealers in securities, shareholders holding our shares through tax-advantaged
 accounts (such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts), financial institutions, shareholders holding our shares as part of a hedge, straddle, or conversion transaction, entities that are not organized under the laws of the United States or a political subdivision thereof, and persons who are neither citizens nor residents of the United States. This summary assumes that investors hold our common shares as capital assets (within the meaning of the Code). Please consult your tax advisor about U.S. federal, state, local, foreign or other tax laws applicable to you, as the tax consequences to an investor in our common shares will depend on the facts of his, her or its particular situation. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Taxation of the Company 

 We have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and intend each year to qualify and to be eligible to be treated as such. 
 In order to qualify for the special tax treatment accorded RICs and their shareholders, we must, among other things: 

(i) 
 derive at least 90 of our gross income for each taxable year from: (a) dividends, interest (including tax-exempt
 interest), payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock, securities or foreign currencies, or other income (including but not limited to gains from options, futures and forward contracts) derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or foreign currencies; and (b) net income derived from interests in qualified publicly traded partnerships 

(ii) 
 diversify our holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of our taxable year, (a) at least 50 of the market value of our total assets consists of cash and cash items, U.S. government securities, the securities of other RICs and other securities limited, in respect of any one issuer, to an amount not greater than 5 of the value of our total assets and not more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer, and (b) not more than 25 of the value of our total assets is invested, including through corporations in which we own a 20 or more voting stock interest, (x) in the securities (other than U.S. government securities and the securities of other RICs) of any one issuer or of two or more issuers that we control, as determined under applicable Code rules, and that are determined to be engaged in the same business or similar or related trades or businesses, or (y) in the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships and 

(iii) 
 distribute to our shareholders with respect to each taxable year at least 90 of the sum of our investment company taxable income (as that term is defined in the Code, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid generally taxable ordinary income and the excess, if any, of net short-term capital gains over net long-term capital losses) and any net tax-exempt
 interest income (the excess of our gross tax-exempt
 interest over certain disallowed deductions), for such year, in a manner qualifying for the dividends paid deduction. 
 If we qualify as a RIC (i.e., satisfy the source of income and diversification requirements described in (i) and (ii) above) and satisfy the annual distribution requirement described in (iii) above, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on income distributed in a timely manner to our shareholders in the form of dividends (including Capital Gain Dividends, as defined below). 
 If, for any taxable year, we were to fail to meet the income, diversification or distribution tests described above, we could in some cases cure such failure, including by paying a corporate-level tax, paying interest, making additional distributions or disposing of certain assets. If we were ineligible to or otherwise did not cure any such failure for any year, or if we were otherwise to fail to qualify as a RIC accorded special tax treatment for such year, we would be subject to tax on our taxable income at corporate rates, and all distributions from earnings and profits, including any distributions of net long-term capital gains, would be taxable to shareholders as ordinary income. Some portions of such distributions might be eligible for the dividends-received deduction in the case of corporate shareholders and might be eligible to be treated as qualified dividend income and thus taxable at the lower long-term capital gain rate in the case of shareholders taxed at individual rates, provided, in both cases, the shareholder met certain holding period and other requirements in respect of our shares (as described below). In addition, we might be required to recognize unrealized gains, pay substantial taxes and interest and make substantial distributions before requalifying as a RIC. 
 We intend to distribute at least annually to our shareholders all or substantially all of our investment company taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction) and, in general, our net capital gain (that is, the excess of net long-term capital gain over net short-term capital loss, in each case determined with reference to any loss carryforwards). Any investment company taxable income we retain will be subject to a corporate-level tax at regular corporate rates. We may also retain for investment our net capital gain. If we retain any net capital gain, it will be subject to corporate-level tax at regular corporate rates on the amount retained, but we may designate the retained amount as undistributed capital gains in a timely notice to our shareholders who would then, in turn, be (i) required to include in income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as long-term capital gain, their shares of such undistributed amount, and (ii) entitled to credit their proportionate shares of the tax we paid on such undistributed amount against their U.S. federal income tax liabilities, if any, and to claim refunds on a properly-filed U.S. tax return to the extent the credit exceeds such liabilities. If we make this designation, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax basis of shares owned by one of our shareholders would be increased by an amount equal to the difference between the amount of undistributed capital gains included in the shareholder s gross income under clause (i) of the preceding sentence and the tax deemed paid by the shareholder under clause (ii) of the preceding sentence. We are not required to, and there can be no assurance we will, make this designation if we retain all or a portion of our net capital gain in a taxable year. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 In determining its net capital gain, including in connection with determining the amount available to support a Capital Gain Dividend (as defined below), its taxable income, and its earnings and profits, a RIC generally may elect to treat part or all of any post-October capital loss (defined as any net capital loss attributable to the portion of the taxable year after October 31 or, if there is no such loss, the net long-term capital loss or net short-term capital loss attributable to such portion of the taxable year) or late-year ordinary loss (generally, the sum of its net ordinary loss from the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of property, attributable to the portion of the taxable year after October 31, as if incurred in the succeeding taxable year. 
 If in a calendar year we fail to distribute at least an amount equal to the sum of 98 of our ordinary income for such year and 98.2 of our capital gain net income (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year
 period ending on October 31 of such year (unless an election is made to use our taxable year), plus any such undistributed amounts from the prior year, we will be subject to a nondeductible 4 excise tax on the undistributed amounts. For purposes of the required excise tax distribution, a RIC s ordinary gains and losses from the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of property that would otherwise be taken into account after October 31 of a calendar year generally (unless an election is made to use our taxable year) are treated as arising on January 1 of the following calendar year. Also, for these purposes, we will be treated as having distributed any amount on which we have been subject to corporate income tax in the taxable year ending with the calendar year. We reserve the right to pay the excise tax when circumstances warrant. 
 We are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our qualification as a RIC, including the diversification test described above. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the distribution test described above or to avoid the excise tax on undistributed amounts, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 
 We are not permitted to deduct capital losses in excess of capital gains net capital losses against our net investment income. Instead, potentially subject to certain limitations, we may carry net capital losses from any taxable year forward to subsequent taxable years to offset capital gains, if any, realized during such subsequent taxable year. Capital loss carryforwards are reduced to the extent they offset current-year net realized capital gains, whether we retain or distribute such gains. Net capital losses will be carried forward to one or more subsequent taxable years without expiration to offset capital gains realized during such subsequent taxable years; any such carryforward losses will retain their character as short-term or long-term. 
 Our ability to use net capital losses may be limited following the occurrence of certain (i) acquisitive reorganizations and (ii) shifts in the ownership of our shares by a shareholder owning or treated as owning 5 or more of our shares (each, an ownership change ). The Code may similarly limit our ability to use any of our other capital losses, or ordinary losses, that have accrued but have not been recognized (i.e., built-in 
 losses) at the time of an ownership change to the extent they are realized within the five-year period following the ownership change. 
 Distributions to Shareholders 

 Distributions not in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits are taxable to shareholders even if we paid them from income or gains, we earned before a shareholder invested in our shares (and such income and gains thus were included in the price the shareholder paid for its shares). Such distributions are taxable whether shareholders receive them in cash or reinvest them in additional shares through our distribution reinvestment plan. A shareholder who reinvests such distributions in shares through our distribution reinvestment plan will be treated as having received a dividend equal to the fair market value of the new shares issued to the shareholder. 
 Dividends and other distributions we pay are generally treated under the Code as received by shareholders at the time the dividend or distribution is made. However, a dividend paid to shareholders in January of a year generally is deemed to have been paid by us on December 31 of the preceding year, if the dividend was declared and payable to shareholders of record on a date in October, November or December of that preceding year. 
 The price of common shares purchased at any time may reflect the amount of a forthcoming distribution. If you purchase common shares just prior to a distribution, you will receive a distribution that will be taxable to you even though it economically represents in part a return of your invested capital. 
 Your broker or other intermediary will send you information after the end of each year setting forth the amount and tax status of any dividends or other distributions, we pay to you. 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, distributions of investment income are generally taxable as ordinary income. Taxes on distributions of capital gains are determined by how long we have owned or are treated as having owned the investments that generated them, rather than how long a shareholder has owned his or her shares. In general, we will recognize long-term capital gain or loss on investments we have owned (or are deemed to have owned) for more than one year, and short-term capital gain or loss on 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 investments we have owned (or are deemed to have owned) for one year or less. Distributions of net capital gain that we properly report as capital gain dividends Capital Gain Dividends will generally be taxable to shareholders as long-term capital gains. Distributions from capital gains are generally made after applying any available capital loss carryforwards. Distributions of net short-term capital gain (that is, the excess of net short-term capital gain over net long-term capital loss) will generally be taxable to shareholders receiving such distributions as ordinary income. Distributions of investment income we report as derived from qualified dividend income will be taxed in the hands of individuals at the rates applicable to long-term capital gain, provided holding period and other requirements are met at both the shareholder and corporate level. We do not expect a significant portion of our distributions to be derived from qualified dividend income. 
 In order for some portion of the dividends received by one of our shareholders to be qualified dividend income, we must meet holding period and other requirements with respect to some portion of the dividend-paying stocks in our portfolio and the shareholder must meet holding period and other requirements with respect to our shares. In general, a dividend will not be treated as qualified dividend income (at either the corporate or shareholder level) (1) if the dividend is received with respect to any share of stock held for fewer than 61 days during the 121-day
 period beginning on the date which is 60 days before the date on which such share becomes ex-dividend
 with respect to such dividend (or, in the case of certain preferred stock, 91 days during the 181-day
 period beginning 90 days before such date), (2) to the extent that the recipient is under an obligation (whether pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make related payments with respect to positions in substantially similar or related property, (3) if the recipient elects to have the dividend income treated as investment income for purposes of the limitation on deductibility of investment interest, or (4) if the dividend is received from a foreign corporation that is (a) not eligible for the benefits of a comprehensive income tax treaty with the United States (with the exception of dividends paid on stock of such a foreign corporation readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States) or (b) treated as a passive foreign investment company. 
 In general, dividends of net investment income received by our corporate shareholders will qualify for the dividends-received deduction generally available to corporations to the extent of the amount of eligible dividends we receive from domestic corporations for the taxable year. A dividend we receive will not be treated as a qualifying dividend (i) if it has been received with respect to any share of stock that we have held for less than 46 days (91 days in the case of certain preferred stock) during the 91-day
 period beginning on the date which is 45 days before the date on which such share becomes ex-dividend
 with respect to such dividend (during the 181-day
 period beginning 90 days before such date in the case of certain preferred stock) or (ii) to the extent that we are under an obligation (pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make related payments with respect to positions in substantially similar or related property. Moreover, the dividends-received deduction may be disallowed or reduced (i) if the corporate shareholder fails to satisfy the foregoing requirements with respect to our shares or (ii) by application of various provisions of the Code (for instance, the dividends-received deduction is reduced in the case of a dividend received on debt-financed portfolio stock (generally, stock acquired with borrowed funds)). We do not expect a significant portion of our distributions to be eligible for this corporate dividends-received deduction. 
 Any distribution of income that is attributable to (i) income we receive in lieu of dividends with respect to securities on loan pursuant to a securities lending transaction or (ii) dividend income we receive on securities we temporarily purchased from a counterparty pursuant to a repurchase agreement under which for U.S. federal income tax purposes we are treated as a lender, such distribution will not constitute qualified dividend income to individual shareholders and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction for corporate shareholders. 
 Effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026, the Code generally allows individuals and certain other non-corporate
 entities a deduction for 20 of qualified publicly traded partnership income, such as income from MLPs, and a deduction for 20 of qualified REIT dividends. Recently issued proposed regulations, which are currently in effect, allow a RIC to pass the character of its qualified REIT dividends through to its shareholders provided certain holding period requirements are met. As a result, a shareholder in the Company will be eligible receive the benefit of the same 20 deduction with respect to any qualified REIT dividends included in Company distributions that is available to direct investors in REITs, but a shareholder in the Company will not currently receive the benefit of the 20 deduction with respect to any MLP income included in Company distributions. 
 The Code generally imposes a 3.8 Medicare contribution tax on the net investment income of certain individuals, estates and trusts to the extent their income exceeds certain amounts. Net investment income generally includes for this purpose dividends we pay, including any capital gain dividends and net capital gains recognized on the sale or exchange of our shares. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of this additional tax on their investment with us. 
 If for any taxable year we were not a publicly offered RIC within the meaning of Code Section 67(c)(2)(B), certain of our direct and indirect expenses, including the management fee, the incentive fee and certain other advisory expenses, would be subject to special pass-through rules. Such rules would treat these expenses as additional dividends to certain of our direct or indirect shareholders (generally including other RICs that are not publicly offered, individuals and entities that compute their taxable income in the same manner as an individual) and, under current law, are not deductible by those shareholders that are individuals (or entities that compute their taxable income in the same manner as an individual). 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Return of Capital Distributions 

 If, for any taxable year, our total distributions exceed both current and accumulated earnings and profits, the excess will generally be treated as a tax-free
 return of capital up to the amount of your tax basis in our shares. The amount treated as a tax-free
 return of capital will reduce your tax basis in our shares, thereby increasing your potential gain or reducing your potential loss on the subsequent sale of our shares. Any amounts distributed to you in excess of your tax basis in our shares will be taxable to you as capital gain. 
 Distributions we pay with respect to our shares are generally subject to U.S. federal income tax as described herein to the extent they do not exceed our realized income and gains, even though such dividends and distributions may economically represent a return of a particular shareholder s investment. Such distributions are likely to occur in respect of shares purchased at a time when our net asset value reflects either unrealized gains, or realized but undistributed income or gains, that were therefore included in the price the shareholder paid. Such distributions may reduce the value of our shares below the shareholder s cost basis in those shares. As described above, we are required to distribute realized income and gains regardless of whether our net asset value also reflects unrealized losses. 
 Tax Implications of Certain Investments 

 Some debt obligations with a fixed maturity date of more than one year from the date of issuance that we acquire in the secondary market may be treated as having market discount. Very generally, market discount is the excess of the stated redemption price of a debt obligation (or in the case of an obligation issued with OID (as defined below), its revised issue price over the purchase price of such obligation. Subject to the discussion below regarding Section 451 of the Code, generally, any gain recognized on the disposition of, and any partial payment of principal on, a debt obligation having market discount is treated as ordinary income to the extent the gain, or principal payment, does not exceed the accrued market discount on such debt obligation. Alternatively, a holder may elect to accrue market discount currently. As of the date of this prospectus, we have made this election, and therefore we are required to include currently any accrued market discount on such debt obligations in our taxable income (as ordinary income) and thus distribute it over the terms of the obligations, even though payment of those amounts is not received until a later time, upon partial or full repayment or disposition of the applicable debt obligations. We reserve the right to revoke this election at any time pursuant to applicable IRS procedures. The rate at which market discount accrues, and thus is included in our income, will depend upon which of the permitted accrual methods we elect. 
 In addition, some debt obligations with a fixed maturity date of more than one year from the date of issuance (and zero-coupon
 debt obligations with a fixed maturity date of more than one year from the date of issuance) that we originate or acquire will be treated as debt obligations that are issued originally at a discount. Generally, the amount of the original issue discount OID is treated as interest income and is included in taxable income (and we are required to distribute it) over the term of the debt obligation, even though payment of that amount is not received until a later time, upon partial or full repayment or disposition of the debt obligation. In addition, payment-in-kind

 PIK securities we originate or acquire will give rise to income which is required to be distributed and is taxable even though we receive no interest payment in cash on the security during the year in which the income was accrued. 
 Some debt obligations with a fixed maturity date of one year or less from the date of issuance that we originate or acquire may be treated as having OID or, in certain cases, acquisition discount (very generally, the excess of the stated redemption price over the purchase price). Generally, we will be required to include the OID or acquisition discount in income (as ordinary income) over the term of the debt obligation and thus distribute it over the term of the debt obligation, even though payment of that amount is not received until a later time, upon partial or full repayment or disposition of the debt obligation. The rate at which OID or acquisition discount accrues, and thus is included in our income, will depend upon which of the permitted accrual methods we elect. 
 Some preferred securities may include provisions that permit the issuer, at its discretion, to defer the payment of distributions for a stated period without any adverse consequences to the issuer. If we own a preferred security that is deferring the payment of its distributions, we may be required to report income for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent of any such deferred distribution even though we have not yet actually received the cash distribution. 
 As a result of holding the foregoing kinds of obligations, we may be required to pay out as an income distribution each year an amount which is greater than the total amount of cash interest (or dividends in the case of preferred securities) we actually received. Such distributions may be made from, among other things, our cash assets or cash generated from our liquidation of portfolio securities. We may realize gains or losses from such liquidations. In the event we realize net long-term or short-term capital gains from such transactions, our shareholders may receive a larger capital gain or ordinary dividend, respectively, than they would in the absence of such transactions. 
 Investments in distressed debt obligations that are at risk of or in default present special tax issues. Tax rules are not entirely clear about issues such as whether and to what extent we should recognize market discount on these debt obligations; when we may cease to accrue interest, OID or market discount; when and to what extent we may take deductions for bad debts or worthless 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 securities; and how we should allocate payments received on obligations in default between principal and income. We will address these and other related issues when, as and if we invest in such obligations, in order to seek to ensure that we distribute sufficient income to preserve our eligibility for treatment as a RIC and do not become subject to U.S. federal income or excise tax. 
 A portion of the OID accrued on certain high-yield discount obligations we own may not be deductible to the issuer and will instead be treated as a dividend paid by the issuer for purposes of the dividends-received deduction. In such cases, if the issuer of the obligation is a domestic corporation, dividend payments we make may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction to the extent of the deemed dividend portion of such OID. 
 Our transactions in foreign currencies, foreign currency-denominated debt obligations and certain foreign currency options, futures contracts and forward contracts (and similar instruments) may give rise to ordinary income or loss to the extent such income or loss results from fluctuations in the value of the foreign currency concerned. Such ordinary income treatment may accelerate our distributions to shareholders and increase the distributions taxed to shareholders as ordinary income. We cannot carry forward any net ordinary losses so created to offset income or gains earned in subsequent years. 
 Special tax rules may change the treatment of gains and losses we recognize when we make certain investments outside the United States. The application of these special rules may accelerate or increase our recognition of ordinary income or loss, and affect the timing, amount and/or character of our distributions. In addition, dividend, interest, capital gains and other income we receive from investments outside the United States may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by foreign countries. Tax treaties between the United States and other countries may reduce or eliminate such taxes. We do not expect that we will be eligible to elect to treat any foreign taxes we pay as paid by our shareholders, and therefore shareholders will not be entitled to claim a credit or deduction for such taxes on their own tax returns. Foreign taxes we pay or are withheld from us will reduce the return from our underlying investments. 
 Some of our investments outside the United States, including our CLO investments, may be treated as investments in passive foreign investment companies PFICs ), as defined below, and could subject us to U.S. federal income tax (including interest charges) on distributions received from a PFIC or on proceeds received from the disposition of shares in a PFIC, which tax cannot be eliminated by making distributions to our shareholders. However, we may elect to avoid the imposition of that tax. For example, we may elect to treat a PFIC as a qualified electing fund QEF (i.e., make a QEF election ), in which case we will be required to include our share of the PFIC s income and net capital gain annually, regardless of whether it receives any distribution from the PFIC. Alternatively, we may elect to mark the gains (and to a limited extent the losses) in such holdings to the market as though we had sold (and, solely for purposes of this mark-to-market

 election, repurchased) our holdings in those PFICs on the last day of our taxable year. Such gains and losses are treated as ordinary income and loss. The QEF and mark-to-market

 elections may have the effect of accelerating the recognition of income (without the receipt of cash) and increasing the amount required to be distributed for us to avoid taxation. Making either of these elections therefore may require us to liquidate other investments (including when it is not advantageous to do so) to meet our distribution requirement, which also may accelerate the recognition of gain and affect our total return. Dividends paid by PFICs will not be eligible to be treated as qualified dividend income. In addition, whether a foreign corporation is a PFIC is not always entirely clear. Therefore, there is a risk, for example, that we may not realize that a foreign corporation in which we invest is a PFIC for U.S. federal tax purposes and thus we may fail to timely make a QEF or mark-to-market

 election in respect of that corporation, in which event we could be subject to the U.S. federal income taxes and interest charges described above. 
 A PFIC is any foreign corporation in which (i) 75 or more of the gross income for the taxable year is passive income, or (ii) the average percentage of the assets (generally by value, but by adjusted tax basis in certain cases) that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income is at least 50 . Generally, passive income for this purpose means dividends, interest (including income equivalent to interest), royalties, rents, annuities, the excess of gains over losses from certain property transactions and commodities transactions, income from certain notional principal contracts, and foreign currency gains. Passive income for this purpose does not include rents and royalties received by the foreign corporation from active business and certain income received from related persons. 
 If we own (directly or indirectly) 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of a foreign corporation or 10 or more of the total value of shares of all classes of stock of a foreign corporation that is treated as a controlled foreign corporation CFC (including equity tranche investments and certain debt tranche investments in a CLO treated as CFC), we are a U.S. Shareholder for purposes of the CFC provisions of the Code. A CFC is a foreign corporation that, on any day of its taxable year, is owned (directly, indirectly, or constructively) more than 50 (measured by voting power or value) by U.S. Shareholders. A U.S. Shareholder is required to include in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes for each taxable year of the U.S. Shareholder its pro rata share of its CFC s subpart F income for the CFC s taxable year ending within the U.S. Shareholder s taxable year whether or not such income is actually distributed by the CFC. Subpart F income generally includes interest, OID, dividends, net gains from the disposition of stocks or securities, net gains from transactions (including futures, forward, and similar transactions) in commodities, receipts with respect to securities loans, and net payments received with respect to equity swaps and similar derivatives. Subpart F income is treated as ordinary income, regardless of the character of the CFC s 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 underlying income. To the extent we invest in CFCs, if any, and recognize subpart F income in excess of actual cash distributions from such CFCs, if any, we may be required to sell assets (including when it is not advantageous to do so) to generate the cash necessary to distribute as dividends to our shareholders all of our income and gains and therefore to eliminate any corporate-level tax liability. 
 We may make certain investments through one or more wholly-owned entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such corporations may be required to pay U.S. federal, state and local corporate income or other tax on their earnings, which ultimately will reduce the return on our underlying investments. 
 Income we realize from or the proceeds of dispositions of our non-U.S.
 investments may be subject to non-U.S.
 withholding or other taxes. We may otherwise be subject to non-U.S.
 taxation on repatriation proceeds generated from those investments or to other transaction-based non-U.S.
 taxes on those investments. Those withholding taxes or other taxes as well as any U.S. withholding taxes applicable to our investments, including in respect of investments in our wholly-owned subsidiaries, if any, will reduce the return on our investments. 
 Our derivative transactions, as well as any of our other hedging, short sale or similar transactions, may be subject to one or more special tax rules (including, for instance, notional principal contract, mark-to-market,

 constructive sale, straddle, wash sale and short-sale rules). These rules may affect whether gains and losses we recognize are treated as ordinary or capital and/or as short-term or long-term, accelerate our recognition of income or gains, defer losses, and cause adjustments in the holding periods of our securities. The rules could therefore affect the amount, timing and/or character of our distributions to shareholders. 
 Because the tax rules applicable to derivative financial instruments are in some cases uncertain under current law, an adverse determination or future guidance by the IRS with respect to these rules (which determination or guidance could be retroactive) may affect whether we have made sufficient distributions, and otherwise satisfied the relevant requirements, to maintain our qualification as a RIC and avoid a corporate-level tax. 
 Certain of our derivative transactions and investments in foreign currency-denominated instruments, and any of our transactions in foreign currencies and hedging activities, are likely to produce a difference between our book income and the sum of our taxable income and net tax-exempt
 income (if any). If such a difference arises, and our book income is less than the sum of our taxable income and net tax-exempt
 income (if any), we could be required to make distributions exceeding book income to qualify as a RIC that is accorded special tax treatment and to avoid a corporate-level tax. In the alternative, if our book income exceeds the sum of our taxable income and net tax-exempt
 income (if any), the distribution (if any) of such excess generally will be treated as (i) a dividend to the extent of our remaining earnings and profits (including earnings and profits arising from any tax-exempt
 income), (ii) thereafter, as a return of capital to the extent of the recipient s basis in its shares, and (iii) thereafter, as gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset. 
 Pursuant to a notice issued by the IRS and Treasury Regulations that have yet to be issued but may apply retroactively, a portion of our income (including income allocated from certain pass-through entities) that is attributable to a residual interest in a real estate mortgage investment conduit or taxable mortgage pool (referred to in the Code as an excess inclusion will be subject to U.S. federal income tax in all events. This notice also provides, and the regulations are expected to provide, that excess inclusion income of a RIC will be allocated to shareholders of the RIC in proportion to the dividends received by such shareholders, with the same consequences as if the shareholders held the related interest directly. As a result, to the extent we invest in any such interests, it may not be a suitable investment for certain tax-exempt
 shareholders. Although we do not expect to make investments that generate or pass- through excess inclusion income in the manner described above, we may make such investments, and may need to make certain elections set forth in the IRS notice governing such matters. 
 In general, excess inclusion income allocated to shareholders (i) cannot be offset by net operating losses (subject to a limited exception for certain thrift institutions), (ii) will constitute unrelated business taxable income UBTI to entities (including a qualified pension plan, an individual retirement account, a 401(k) plan, a Keogh plan or other tax-exempt
 entity) subject to tax on UBTI, thereby potentially requiring such an entity that is allocated excess inclusion income, and otherwise might not be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return, to file such a tax return and pay tax on such income, and (iii) in the case of a non-U.S.
 shareholder, will not qualify for any reduction in U.S. federal withholding tax. A shareholder will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on such inclusions notwithstanding any exemption from such income tax otherwise available under the Code. 
 Our ability to pursue our investment strategy, including a strategy focused on investments in CLOs, certain debt instruments and the generation of fee income, may be limited by our intention to qualify as a RIC and our strategy may bear adversely on our ability to so qualify. 
 Backup Withholding 

 Your broker or other intermediary may be required to withhold, for U.S. federal backup withholding tax purposes, a portion of the dividends, distributions and redemption proceeds payable to a non-corporate
 shareholder who fails to provide the broker or other intermediary with the shareholder s correct taxpayer identification number (in the case of an individual, generally, such 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 individual s social security number) or to make the required certification, or who has been notified by the IRS that such shareholder is subject to backup withholding. Certain shareholders are exempt from backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amount withheld may be refunded or credited against your U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, provided that you furnish the required information to the IRS. 
 Sale or Exchange of Our Shares 

 If you sell or otherwise dispose of our common shares, you will generally recognize a gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between your tax basis in such shares and the amount you receive in exchange for such shares. Any such gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if you have held (or are treated as having held) such shares for more than one year at the time of sale. All or a portion of any loss you realize on a taxable sale or exchange of your shares will be disallowed if you acquire other shares from us (whether through the automatic reinvestment of dividends or otherwise) within a 61-day
 period beginning 30 days before and ending 30 days after your sale or exchange of our shares. In such case, the basis of the shares acquired will be adjusted to reflect the disallowed loss. In addition, any loss realized upon a taxable sale or exchange of our shares held (or deemed held) by you for six months or less will be treated as long-term, rather than short-term, to the extent of any capital gain dividends received (or deemed received) by you with respect to those shares. 
 You may be entitled to offset your Capital Gain Dividends with capital loss. The Code contains a number of statutory provisions affecting the circumstances under which capital loss may be offset against capital gain and limiting the use of loss from certain investments and activities. Accordingly, if you have capital losses, we urge you to consult your tax advisor. 
 Upon the sale or exchange of our common shares, your broker or other intermediary generally will be required to provide you and the IRS with cost basis and certain other related tax information about the shares you sold or exchanged. This cost basis reporting requirement is effective for shares purchased, including through dividend reinvestment. Please consult your broker or other intermediary for more information regarding available methods for cost basis reporting and how to select a particular method. Please consult your tax advisor to determine which available cost basis method is best for you. 
 When we make a tender offer for our shares (as described in Share Repurchase Program and you tender all common shares you hold, or are considered to be holding, and you do not hold (directly or by attribution) any other units of our shares (e.g., preferred shares, if any), you will be treated as having sold your shares and generally will realize a capital gain or loss. If you tender fewer than all of your common shares or continue to hold (directly or by attribution) other units of our shares (e.g., preferred shares, if any), there is some risk that you may be treated as having received a distribution under Section 301 of the Code Section 301 distribution unless the redemption is treated as being either (i) substantially disproportionate or (ii) otherwise not essentially equivalent to a dividend under the relevant rules of the Code. A Section 301 distribution is not treated as a sale or exchange giving rise to a capital gain or loss, but rather is treated as a dividend to the extent supported by our current and accumulated earnings and profits, with the excess treated as a return of capital reducing your tax basis in Company shares, and thereafter as capital gain. Where a redeeming shareholder is treated as receiving a dividend, there is a risk that non-tendering
 shareholders whose interests in the Company increase as a result of such tender will be treated as having received a taxable distribution from us. Dividend treatment of a tender would also affect the amount and character of income that we are required to distribute for the year in which the redemption occurred. It is possible that such a dividend would qualify as qualified dividend income otherwise, it would be taxable as ordinary income. To the extent we recognize net gains on the liquidation of portfolio securities to meet such tenders, we will be required to make additional distributions to our common shareholders. 
 Non-U.S.
 Shareholders 

 Distributions we pay to shareholders that are not U.S. persons within the meaning of the Code foreign shareholders and that we properly report as (1) Capital Gain Dividends, (2) interest-related dividends, and (3) short-term capital gain dividends, each as defined below and subject to certain conditions described below, generally are not subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax. 
 In general, the Code defines (1) short-term capital gain dividends as distributions of net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses and (2) interest-related dividends as distributions from U.S. source interest income of types similar to those not subject to U.S. federal income tax if earned directly by an individual foreign shareholder, in each case to the extent such distributions are properly reported as such by us in a written notice to shareholders. The exceptions to withholding for Capital Gain Dividends and short-term capital gain dividends do not apply to (A) distributions to an individual foreign shareholder who is present in the United States for a period or periods aggregating 183 days or more during the year of the distribution and (B) distributions attributable to gain that is treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the foreign shareholder of a trade or business within the United States under special rules regarding the disposition of U.S. real property interests. The exception to withholding for interest-related dividends does not apply to distributions to a foreign shareholder (A) that has not provided a satisfactory statement that the beneficial owner is not a U.S. person, (B) to the extent that the dividend is attributable to certain interest on an obligation if the foreign shareholder is the issuer or is a 10 shareholder of the issuer, (C) that is within certain foreign countries that have 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 inadequate information exchange with the United States, or (D) to the extent the dividend is attributable to interest paid by a person that is a related person of the foreign shareholder and the foreign shareholder is a controlled foreign corporation. We are permitted to report such part of our dividends as interest-related and/or short-term capital gain dividends as are eligible, but are not required to do so. In the case of shares held through an intermediary, the intermediary may withhold even if we report all or a portion of a payment as an interest-related or short-term capital gain dividend to shareholders. 
 Foreign shareholders should contact their intermediaries regarding the application of these rules to their accounts. 
 Distributions to foreign shareholders other than Capital Gain Dividends, interest-related dividends, and short-term capital gain dividends (e.g., dividends attributable to dividend and foreign-source interest income or to short-term capital gains or U.S. source interest income to which the exception from withholding described above does not apply) are generally subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30 (or lower applicable treaty rate). 
 A foreign shareholder is not, in general, subject to U.S. federal income tax on gains (and is not allowed a deduction for losses) realized on the sale of our shares unless (i) such gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business carried on by such holder within the United States, (ii) in the case of an individual holder, the holder is present in the United States for a period or periods aggregating 183 days or more during the year of the sale and certain other conditions are met, or (iii) certain special rules relating to gain attributable to the sale or exchange of U.S. real property interests apply to the foreign shareholder s sale of our shares. 
 Foreign shareholders with respect to whom income from us is effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by the foreign shareholder within the United States will in general be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the income derived from us at the graduated rates applicable to U.S. citizens, residents or domestic corporations, whether such income is received in cash or reinvested in additional units of our shares and, in the case of a foreign corporation, may also be subject to a branch profits tax. If a foreign shareholder is eligible for the benefits of a tax treaty, any effectively connected income or gain will generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net basis only if it is also attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the shareholder in the United States. More generally, foreign shareholders who are residents of a country with an income tax treaty with the United States may obtain different tax results than those described herein and are urged to consult their tax advisors. 
 In order to have qualified for any exemption from withholding described above (to the extent applicable) or for lower withholding tax rates under income tax treaties, or to establish an exemption from backup withholding, a foreign shareholder must have complied with applicable certification and filing requirements relating to its non-U.S.
 status (including, in general, furnishing an IRS Form W-8BEN,
 Form W-8BEN-E

 or substitute form). Foreign shareholders should contact their tax advisors in this regard. 
 Special rules (including withholding and reporting requirements) apply to foreign partnerships and those holding our shares through foreign partnerships. Additional considerations may apply to foreign trusts and estates. Investors holding our shares through foreign entities should consult their tax advisors. 
 A foreign shareholder may be subject to state and local tax and to the U.S. federal estate tax in addition to the U.S. federal tax on income referred to above. 
 Other Reporting and Withholding Requirements 

 Sections 1471-1474 of the Code, and the U.S. Treasury Regulations and IRS guidance issued thereunder (collectively, FATCA ), generally require us to obtain information sufficient to identify the status of each of our shareholders under FATCA or under an applicable intergovernmental agreement (an IGA ). If a shareholder fails to provide the required information or otherwise fails to comply with FATCA or an IGA, we or our agent may be required to withhold under FATCA 30 of ordinary dividends that we pay to that shareholder and, after December 31, 2018, 30 of the gross proceeds of the sale, redemption or exchange of our shares and certain capital gain dividends we pay to that shareholder. If we make a payment that is subject to FATCA withholding, we, or our agent, are required to withhold even if the payment would otherwise be exempt from withholding under rules applicable to non-U.S.
 shareholders (e.g., Capital Gain Dividends, short-term capital gain dividends and interest-related dividends). You are urged to consult your tax advisor regarding the applicability of FATCA and any other reporting requirements. In addition, foreign countries are considering, and may implement, laws similar in purpose and scope to FATCA. 
 The discussions set forth herein do not constitute tax advice, and you are urged to consult your own tax adviser to determine the specific U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences to you of investing with us. 

48

Table of Contents 

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

None 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Item 2.

Properties

We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our headquarters are located at 300 Crescent Court, Suite 700, Dallas, Texas 75201. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is presently conducted. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

Although we may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising out of our operations in the normal course of business or otherwise, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is currently a party to any pending material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against the Company or against its subsidiaries. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 PART II 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

 Market Information 

 There is currently no secondary market for our common stock, and we do not expect that a secondary market for our shares will develop in the foreseeable future. No shares of our common stock have been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,549
 record holders of our common stock. 
 Share Repurchase Program 

 On a quarterly basis, the Company intends to offer to repurchase shares of common stock on such terms as may be determined by the Board in its complete and absolute discretion unless, in the judgment of the independent directors of the Board, such repurchases would not be in the best interests of the Company s stockholders or would violate applicable law. The Company will conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4
 of the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. Any offer to repurchase shares of common stock will be conducted solely through tender offer materials mailed to each stockholder. 
 The Company currently intends to limit the number of shares of common stock to be repurchased during any calendar year to the number of shares of common stock it can repurchase with the proceeds it receives from the sale of shares of common stock under its distribution reinvestment plan. At the discretion of the Board, the Company may also use cash on hand, cash available from borrowings and cash from liquidation of securities investments as of the end of the applicable period to repurchase shares of common stock. In addition, the Company will limit the number of shares of common stock to be repurchased in any calendar year to 10.0 of the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding in the prior calendar year, or 2.5 in each quarter, though the actual number of shares of common stock that the Company offers to repurchase may be less in light of the limitations noted above. The Company intends to offer to repurchase such shares of common stock at a price equal to 90 of the offering price in effect on each date of repurchase. In months in which the Company repurchases shares of common stock pursuant to its share repurchase program, it expects to conduct repurchases on the same date that it holds its first weekly closing in such month for the sale of shares of common stock in its continuous public offering. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time, upon 30 days notice. 
 We will repurchase shares from a stockholder in the event of the stockholder s death or Qualifying Disability, as defined below, upon such shares being presented to us for repurchase. The repurchase price for repurchases in connection with a stockholder s death or Qualifying Disability will be the NAV as determined for the next weekly pricing period commencing after the receipt by our transfer agent of a repurchase request in proper form. 
 We will not be obligated to repurchase shares if more than 360 days have elapsed since the date of the death or Qualifying Disability of a stockholder. Further, the Board will have no obligation to repurchase shares if it would cause us to violate federal law or Delaware law. Moreover, the Board has the right to suspend or terminate this repurchase right to the extent that it determines it is in our best interest to do so. This repurchase right will terminate on the date that our shares are listed on a national securities exchange or are included for quotation in a national securities market. All shares to be repurchased must be (i) fully transferable and not be subject to any liens or other encumbrances and (ii) free from any restrictions on transfer. If we determine that a lien or other encumbrance or restriction exists against the shares requested to be repurchased, we will not repurchase any such shares. 
 In order for a disability to be considered a Qualifying Disability, (1) the stockholder must receive a determination of disability based upon a physical or mental condition or impairment arising after the date the stockholder acquired the shares to be repurchased, and (2) such determination of disability must be made by the governmental agency responsible for reviewing the 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 disability retirement benefits that the stockholder could be eligible to receive (the Applicable Governmental Agency ). For purposes of this repurchase right, Applicable Governmental Agencies are limited to the following: 

if the stockholder paid Social Security taxes and, therefore, could be eligible to receive Social Security disability benefits, then the Applicable Governmental Agency is the Social Security Administration, or the agency charged with the responsibility for administering Social Security disability benefits at that time if other than the Social Security Administration; 

if the stockholder did not pay Social Security taxes and, therefore, could not be eligible to receive Social Security disability benefits, but the stockholder could be eligible to receive disability benefits under the Civil Service Retirement System (the CSRS ), then the Applicable Governmental Agency is the U.S. Office of Personnel Management or the agency charged with the responsibility for administering CSRS benefits at that time if other than the U.S. Office of Personnel Management; or 

if the stockholder did not pay Social Security taxes and, therefore, could not be eligible to receive Social Security benefits, but suffered a disability that resulted in the stockholder s discharge from military service under conditions that were other than dishonorable and, therefore, could be eligible to receive military disability benefits, then the Applicable Governmental Agency is the Department of Veterans Affairs or the agency charged with the responsibility for administering military benefits at that time if other than the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
 Disability determinations by governmental agencies for purposes other than those listed above, including, but not limited to, workers compensation insurance, the administration or enforcement of the Rehabilitation Act or Americans with Disabilities Act, or waiver of insurance premiums, will not entitle a stockholder to the repurchase right. Further, as the following disabilities do not entitle a worker to Social Security disability benefits, they do not qualify the stockholder for the repurchase right, except in the limited circumstances when the stockholder is awarded disability benefits by one of the Applicable Governmental Agencies described above: (a) disabilities occurring after the legal retirement age; and (b) disabilities that do not render a worker incapable of performing substantial gainful activity. 
 All stockholder repurchase requests must be accompanied by: (1) the investor s initial application for disability benefits and (2) a Social Security Administration Notice of Award, a U.S. Office of Personnel Management determination of disability under CSRS, a Department of Veterans Affairs record of disability-related discharge or such other documentation issued by the Applicable Governmental Agency that we deem acceptable and that demonstrates an award of disability benefits. 
 If you tender all common shares you hold, or are considered to be holding, and you do not hold (directly or by attribution) any other units of our shares (e.g., preferred shares, if any), you will be treated as having sold your shares and generally will realize a capital gain or loss. If you tender fewer than all of your common shares or continue to hold (directly or by attribution) other units of our shares (e.g., preferred shares, if any), you may be treated as having received a distribution under Section 301 of the Code Section 301 distribution unless the redemption is treated as being either (i) substantially disproportionate or (ii) otherwise not essentially equivalent to a dividend under the relevant rules of the Code. A Section 301 distribution is not treated as a sale or exchange giving rise to a capital gain or loss, but rather is treated as a dividend to the extent supported by our current and accumulated earnings and profits, with the excess treated as a return of capital reducing your tax basis in Company shares, and thereafter as capital gain. In such a case, there is a risk that non-tendering
 shareholders whose interests in us increase as a result of such tender will be treated as having received a taxable distribution from us. 
 To the extent we recognize net gains on the liquidation of portfolio securities to meet such tenders, we will be required to make additional distributions to our common shareholders. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Date

Total Number of Shares Purchased

Average Price Paid Per Share

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program

October 8, 2014

652,174 

9.20 

0 

March 31, 2016

3,232 

8.55 

3,232 

December 31, 2016

4,169 

9.24 

4,169 

March 31, 2017

58,893 

9.59 

58,893 

June 30, 2017

23,441 

9.59 

23,441 

September 30, 2017

37,284 

9.36 

37,284 

December 31, 2017

10,820 

9.52 

10,820 

March 31, 2018

73,736 

9.89 

73,736 

June 30, 2018

142,605 

9.69 

142,605 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

September 30, 2018

73,877 

9.61 

73,877 

December 31, 2018

183,934 

8.75 

183,934 

March 31, 2019

125,146 

8.51 

125,146 

June 30, 2019

71,112 

8.69 

71,112 

September 30, 2019

127,126 

8.58 

127,126 

December 31, 2019

131,082 

8.41 

131,082 

March 31, 2020

49,418 

4.88 

49,418 

June 30, 2020

45,916 

5.87 

45,916 

September 30, 2020

51,384 

6.09 

51,384 

December 31, 2020

77,523 

6.16 

77,523 

March 31, 2021

263,285 

6.31 

263,285 

June 30, 2021

214,460 

6.38 

214,460 

September 30, 2021

119,019 

6.55 

119,019 

December 31, 2021

131,229 

6.36 

131,229 

March 31, 2022

85,999 

6.40 

85,999 

June 30, 2022

102,662 

6.02 

102,662 

September 30, 2022

195,785 

5.94 

195,785 

December 31, 2022

94,263 

5.73 

94,263 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, and 2019, the Company did not repurchase any shares as part of its death and disability program. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company also repurchased 3,752 shares as part of its death and disability program. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company also repurchased 15,553 shares as part of its death and disability program. For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2015 and 2014, the Company did not repurchase any shares as part of its death and disability program. 
 Distributions 

 Subject to the Board s discretion and applicable legal restrictions, we intend to authorize and declare ordinary cash distributions on a weekly basis to be paid out quarterly. We will then calculate each stockholder s specific distribution amount for the period using record and declaration dates, and each stockholder s distributions will begin to accrue on the date we accept each stockholder s subscription for shares of our common stock. From time to time, we may also pay special interim distributions in the form of cash or shares of common stock at the discretion of the Board. We also intend to distribute any net capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) at least annually out of the assets legally available for such distributions. For example, the Board may periodically declare share distributions in order to reduce our NAV per share if necessary, to ensure that we do not sell shares at a price below NAV per share. Each year a statement on Form 1099-DIV,
 identifying the source of the distributions (i.e., paid from ordinary income, paid from net capital gains on the sale of securities, and/or a return of capital, which is generally a nontaxable distribution), will be mailed to our stockholders. Our distributions may exceed our earnings and profits. As a result, a portion of the distributions we make may represent a return of capital for tax purposes. A return of capital is a return of your investment rather than a return of earnings or gains derived from our investment activities and will be made after deduction of the fees and expenses payable in connection with the offering, including any fees payable to the Adviser. There can be no assurance that we will be able to pay distributions at a specific rate or at all. 
 In order to qualify for the special tax treatment accorded RICs and their shareholders, we must, among other things, distribute to our stockholders for each taxable year at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, on an annual basis out of the assets legally available for such distributions. In addition, we also intend to distribute any realized net capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) at least annually out of the assets legally available for such distributions. 
 We have adopted an opt in distribution reinvestment plan for our stockholders. As a result, if we make a cash distribution, then stockholders will receive distributions in cash unless they specifically opt in to the distribution reinvestment plan so as to reinvest their cash distributions in additional shares of our common stock. However, certain state authorities or regulators may impose restrictions from time to time that may prevent or limit a stockholder s ability to participate in our distribution reinvestment plan. If you do not elect to participate in the plan, you will automatically receive any distributions we declare in cash. Stockholders who receive distributions in the form of shares of common stock will generally be subject to the same federal, state and local tax consequences as stockholders who elect to receive their distributions in cash. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

We intend to use newly issued shares to implement the plan. The number of shares to be issued to a stockholder is determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable by the NAV determined in the last weekly closing of the month. 

 We may fund our cash distributions to stockholders from any sources of funds available to us, including offering proceeds, borrowings, net investment income from operations, capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, non-capital
 gains proceeds from the sale of assets and expense reimbursements from the Adviser. We have not established limits on the amount of funds we may use from available source to make distributions. 
 On a quarterly basis, we will send information to all stockholders of record regarding distributions paid to our stockholders in such quarter. 

 Please see below for a table detailing the dividends paid for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Payable

Date

Dividend/ Share (1)

Total Dividend (1)

Dividends Reinvested (2)(3) 

12/31/2022 (3)

0.090 

870,980 

9/30/2022

0.090 

874,461 

303,070 

6/30/2022

0.090 

887,710 

298,766 

3/31/2022

0.090 

892,680 

301,212 

1/2/2022 (2)

306,152 

Total

0.360

3,525,831

1,209,200

1
 
 For the current period, there were no dividends classified as a return of capital. 

2
 
 The December 2021 Dividend was reinvested in January 2022, see total December 2021 Dividend in table below. 

3
 
 The December 2022 Dividend was reinvested in January 2023. 

Please see below for a table detailing the dividends paid for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Payable

Date

Dividend/ Share (1)

Total Dividend (1)

Dividends Reinvested (2)(3) 

12/31/2021 (3)

0.090 

896,061 

9/30/2021

0.090 

903,359 

320,218 

6/30/2021

0.090 

909,619 

322,287 

3/31/2021

0.090 

924,140 

331,405 

1/2/2021 (2)

345,331 

Total

0.360

3,633,179

1,319,241

1
 
 For the current period, there were no dividends classified as a return of capital. 

2
 
 The December 2020 Dividend was reinvested in January 2021, see total December 2020 Dividend in table below. 

3
 
 The December 2021 Dividend was reinvested in January 2022. 

Please see below for a table detailing the dividends paid for the year ended December 31, 2020: 

Payable

Date

Dividend/ Share (1)

Total Dividend (1)

Dividends Reinvested (2)(3) 

12/31/2020 (3)

0.090 

942,766 

9/30/2020

0.090 

944,487 

347,961 

4/27/2020

0.060 

633,540 

241,202 

3/27/2020

0.060 

629,128 

237,068 

2/27/2020

0.060 

631,127 

245,478 

1/30/2020

0.060 

628,352 

396,837 

1/2/2020 (2)

396,214 

Total

0.420

4,409,400

1,864,760

1
 
 For the current period, there were no dividends classified as a return of capital. 

2
 
 The December 2019 Dividend was reinvested in January 2020, see total December 2019 Dividend in table below. 

3
 
 The December 2020 Dividend was reinvested in January 2021 

56 

Table of Contents 
 Please see below for a table detailing the dividends paid for the year ended December 31, 2019: 

Payable

Date

Dividend/ Share (1)

Total Dividend (1)

Dividends Reinvested (2)(3) 

1/02/2020

0.060 

625,526 

11/28/2019

0.060 

630,505 

398,908 

10/30/2019

0.060 

627,684 

397,044 

10/02/2019

0.060 

632,534 

397,215 

8/28/2019

0.060 

628,890 

398,232 

7/31/2019

0.060 

626,130 

395,900 

6/26/2019

0.060 

624,201 

396,249 

5/30/2019

0.060 

625,758 

398,933 

5/01/2019

0.060 

623,117 

396,582 

3/27/2019

0.060 

620,420 

392,542 

2/27/2019

0.060 

625,257 

397,969 

1/30/2019

0.060 

622,648 

397,645 

1/03/2019 (2)

456,444 

Total

0.720

7,512,670

4,823,663

1
 
 For the current period, there were no dividends classified as a return of capital. 

2
 
 The December 2018 Dividend was reinvested in January 2019, see total December 2018 Dividend in table below. 

3
 
 The December 2019 Dividend was reinvested in January 2020. 

Please see below for a table detailing the dividends paid for the year ended December 31, 2018: 

Payable

Date

Dividend/ Share 

Total Dividend (1)

Dividends Reinvested (2) 

1/03/2019

0.069 

721,979 

11/28/2018

0.055 

579,638 

370,940 

10/31/2018

0.069 

721,071 

461,560 

9/26/2018

0.055 

578,884 

369,031 

8/29/2018

0.055 

576,777 

367,935 

8/01/2018

0.069 

717,708 

459,995 

6/27/2018

0.055 

579,962 

367,710 

5/30/2018

0.055 

577,847 

368,895 

5/02/2018

0.069 

719,079 

459,922 

3/28/2018

0.055 

577,343 

367,026 

2/28/2018

0.055 

566,708 

368,154 

1/31/2018

0.069 

683,782 

451,968 

Total

0.730

7,600,778

4,413,136

1
 
 For the current period, there were no dividends classified as a return of capital. 

2
 
 The December 2018 Dividend was reinvested in January 2019. 

57 

Table of Contents 
 Please see below for a table detailing the dividends paid for the year ended December 31, 2017: 

Payable

Date

Dividend/ Share (1)

Total Dividend (1)

Dividends Reinvested (2)(3) 

12/27/2017

0.055 

532,460 

351,929 

11/29/2017

0.055 

517,804 

341,262 

11/1/2017

0.069 

636,662 

417,795 

9/27/2017

0.055 

505,439 

331,096 

8/30/2017

0.055 

497,727 

328,315 

8/2/2017

0.069 

610,689 

403,364 

6/28/2017

0.055 

481,256 

318,649 

5/31/2017

0.069 

580,257 

385,226 

4/26/2017

0.055 

445,910 

295,916 

3/29/2017

0.055 

431,714 

286,868 

3/1/2017

0.055 

418,078 

277,772 

2/1/2017

0.069 

499,353 

332,190 

Total

0.716

6,157,349

4,070,382

1
 
 For the current period, there were no dividends classified as a return of capital. 

Please see below for a table detailing the dividends paid for the year ended December 31, 2016: 

Payable

Date

Dividend/ Share

Total Dividend (1)

Dividends Reinvested 

12/28/2016

0.055 

382,152 

255,650 

11/30/2016

0.055 

368,541 

247,396 

11/2/2016

0.069 

430,784 

292,800 

9/30/2016

0.055 

321,955 

220,312 

8/31/2016

0.069 

377,172 

261,451 

7/30/2016

0.055 

277,907 

200,860 

6/29/2016 (2)

0.055 

255,731 

190,535 

6/1/2016 (3)

0.067 

280,557 

216,628 

4/29/2016

0.058 

228,769 

177,275 

3/31/2016

0.058 

196,318 

161,095 

2/29/2016

0.058 

178,122 

152,304 

1/29/2016

0.058 

166,836 

146,197 

Total

0.712

3,464,844

2,522,2503

1
 
 For the current period, there were no dividends classified as a return of capital. 

2
 
 On May 12, 2016, the Board approved a 0.002 per share monthly increase to the dividend, which was normalized to the weekly distribution schedule starting in June 2016. 

3
 
 Beginning in May 2016, we began declaring dividends weekly. 

58 

Table of Contents 
 Please see below for a table detailing the dividends paid for the year ended December 31, 2015: 

Payable

Date

Dividend/ Share

Total Dividend (1)

Dividends Reinvested 

12/31/2015

0.058 

155,396 

139,260 

11/30/2015

0.058 

147,122 

137,008 

10/30/2015

0.058 

141,377 

134,845 

9/30/2015

0.058 

134,498 

130,315 

8/31/2015

0.058 

128,773 

124,959 

7/31/2015

0.058 

125,195 

122,496 

6/30/2015

0.058 

117,215 

115,203 

5/29/2015

0.058 

114,540 

112,647 

4/30/2015

0.058 

108,525 

107,595 

3/31/2015

0.058 

104,842 

104,543 

2/27/2015

0.058 

100,082 

100,044 

1/30/2015

0.050 

69,054 

69,022 

Total

0.688

1,446,619

1,397,937

1
 
 Of the total dividends shown, 262,760 was classified as a return of capital. 

59 

Table of Contents 

Item 6.

Selected Financial Data 

The following selected financial data for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018 is derived from our financial statements, which have been audited by Cohen Company, Ltd. for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020 and PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP PwC for the years ended 2019 and 2018, our independent registered public accounting firms. The data should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K.

Year Ended

December 31, 2022

Year Ended

December 31, 2021

Year Ended

December 31, 2020

Year Ended

December 31, 2019

Year Ended

December 31, 2018

Statements of operations data:

Total investment income

3,692,613 

4,097,859 

4,813,182 

7,847,493 

7,568,407 

Expenses

Total expenses

2,280,589 

2,469,693 

2,593,741 

4,838,086 

4,300,176 

Expenses waived or reimbursed by the Advisor

(377,594) 

(295,261) 

(349,488) 

(147,269) 

(427,420) 

Net expenses

1,902,995 

2,174,432 

2,244,253 

4,690,817 

3,872,756 

Net investment income

1,789,618 

1,923,427 

2,568,929 

3,156,676 

3,695,651 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments, securities sold short and total return swaps

329,081 

(3,479,546) 

(27,366,934) 

389,680 

2,844,449 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments, securities sold short and total return swaps

(6,183,873) 

7,262,262 

3,898,727 

5,644,539 

(12,749,374) 
 
 Net increase from amounts committed by affiliates

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations

(4,065,174) 

5,706,143 

(20,899,278) 

9,190,895 

(6,209,274) 

Distributions to stockholders:

Net investment income

(1,526,458) 

(3,633,179) 

(4,409,400) 

(7,512,670) 

(7,600,778) 

Realized gains

Return of capital

(1,999,373) 

Total distributions to stockholders

(3,525,831) 

(3,633,179) 

(4,409,400) 

(7,512,670) 

(7,600,778) 
 
 Per share information basic and diluted:

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (1)

(0.41) 

0.56 

(1.98) 

0.88 

(0.60) 

Balance sheet data:

Total assets

55,251,877 

64,587,103 

65,784,836 

130,697,027 

125,482,590 

Total net assets

53,694,167 

62,938,908 

64,190,472 

88,935,553 

86,310,963 

(1) 
 The per share data was derived by using the weighted average shares outstanding during the period. 

60 

Table of Contents 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K.
 In this report, we, us and our refer to NexPoint Capital, Inc (the Company ). 
 Forward-Looking Statements 

 Some of the statements in this annual report on Form 10-K
 constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K
 may include statements as to: 

our future operating results; 

changes in healthcare technologies, finance and regulations adversely affecting our portfolio companies or financing model; 

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets, which could result in changes to the value of our assets; 

our business prospects and the prospects of the companies in which we may invest; 

the impact of the investments that we expect to make; 

the impact of increased competition; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we may invest; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

impact and effects of the recent outbreak of COVID-19
 on the future financial performance of the Company; 

the relative and absolute performance of our Adviser; 

our current and expected financings and investments; 

our ability to make distributions to our stockholders; 

the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 

the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our portfolio companies; 

our use of financial leverage; 

the ability of the Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the ability of the Adviser or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

our ability to maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company, or RIC, and as a BDC; 

the impact on our business of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations issued thereunder; 

the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and 

the tax status of the enterprises in which we may invest. 
 Such forward-looking statements may include statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words may, might, will, intend, should, could, can, would, expect, believe, estimate, anticipate, predict, potential, plan or similar words. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K
 involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K
 and as Risk Factors in the prospectus relating to the continuous public offering of our common stock. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K
 on information available to us on the date of this annual report on Form 10-K.
 Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Stockholders are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to stockholders or through reports that we may file in the future with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K,
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 and current reports on Form 8-K.
 The forward-looking statements and projections contained in this annual report on Form 10-K
 are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. This annual report on Form 10-K
 may contain statistics and other data that have been obtained from or compiled from information made available by third-party service providers. We have not independently verified such statistics or data. 
 Overview 

 We were formed in Delaware on September 30, 2013 and formally commenced operations on September 2, 2014. We are an externally managed, closed-end,
 non-diversified
 management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we have elected to be treated as a RIC (Regulated Investment Company) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code with retroactive effect to the date we elected to be treated as a BDC. As a BDC, we are also subject to certain constraints, including limitations imposed by the 1940 Act and the Code. 
 NexPoint Advisors, L.P. (the Adviser ), which serves as the adviser of the Company, is registered with the SEC as an adviser under the Advisers Act. Under the general supervision of our board of directors (the Board the Adviser will carry out the investment and reinvestment of the net assets of the Company, will furnish continuously an investment program with respect to the Company, and determine which securities should be purchased, sold or exchanged. In addition, the Adviser will supervise and provide oversight of the Company s service providers. 
 The Adviser has also entered into a Services Agreement with Skyview Group Skyview ), effective February 25, 2021, pursuant to which the Adviser will receive administrative and operational support services to enable it to provide the required advisory services to the Company. The Adviser will compensate all Adviser and Skyview personnel who provide services to the Company. 
 Effective July 12, 2022, certain Skyview personnel became dual-employees of NexPoint Services, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Adviser. The same services are being performed by the dual-employees. The Adviser, and not the Company, will compensate all Adviser, Skyview, and dual-employee personnel who provide services to the Company. 
 Our investment objective is to generate high current income and long-term capital appreciation. We seek to achieve our objective by using the experience of the healthcare, credit and structured products teams of the Adviser and its affiliates to source, evaluate and structure investments, identify attractive investment opportunities that are primarily debt investments that generate high income without creating undue risk for the portfolio, make equity investments where we believe there will be attractive risk-adjusted returns that compensate for the lack of current income, and make investments in debt and equity tranches of collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs, that deliver income and high relative value. We will focus on companies that are stable, have positive cash flow and the ability to grow their business model. 
 Our investment policy is to invest, under normal circumstances, at least 80 of our total assets in debt and equity of middle-market companies, with an emphasis on healthcare companies, syndicated floating rate debt of large public and nonpublic companies and mezzanine and equity tranches of CLOs. Middle-market companies include companies with annual revenues between 50,000,000 and 2,500,000,000 and syndicated floating rate debt refers to loans and other instruments originated by a bank to a corporation that are sold off, or syndicated, to investors in pieces. We consider a healthcare company to be a company that is engaged in the design, development, production, sale, management or distribution of products, services or facilities used for or in connection with the healthcare industry. Additionally, we consider companies that are materially impacted by the healthcare industry (such as a contractor that derives significant revenue or profit from the construction of hospitals) as being engaged in the healthcare industry. We may invest without limit in companies that are not in the healthcare sector. 
 We will leverage the expertise of our Adviser with regard to distressed investing and restructuring to make opportunistic investments in distressed companies. We will utilize the Adviser s credit underwriting capability to identify the types of companies we believe will provide high current income and/or long-term capital appreciation. In addition to the investments in the healthcare industry, we may invest a portion of our capital in other opportunistic investments in which the Adviser has expertise and where we believe an opportunity exists to achieve above average risk adjusted yields and returns. These types of opportunities may include: (1) direct lending or origination investments, (2) investments in stressed or distressed situations, (3) structured product investments, (4) equity investments and (5) other investment opportunities not typically available in other BDCs. Opportunistic investments may range from broadly syndicated deals to direct lending deals in both private and public companies and may include foreign investments. We believe this is the best approach to achieving our dual mandate of attempting to generate a high yield while also attempting to produce capital appreciation. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 We seek to invest primarily in securities deemed by the Adviser to be high income generating debt investments and income generating equity securities of privately held companies in the United States. We expect the portfolio will be concentrated primarily in senior floating rate debt securities, although we may invest without limit in securities which rank lower than senior secured instruments and may invest without limit in investments with a fixed rate of interest. We will buy syndicated loans, various tranches of CLOs and other debt instruments in the secondary market as well as originate debt so we can tailor the investment parameters more precisely to our needs. We also intend to invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities that are non-income
 producing, when doing so will help us achieve our objective of long-term capital appreciation. We expect the size of our positions will range from less than 1,000,000 to 20,000,000, although investments may be larger as our asset base increases. We may selectively make investments in amounts larger than 20,000,000 in some of our portfolio companies. While our asset base increases, we may make smaller investments. We may invest up to 15 of our net assets in entities that are excluded from registration under the 1940 Act by virtue of section 3(c)(1) and 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act (such as private equity funds or hedge funds). This limitation does not apply to any CLOs, certain of which may rely on Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. 
 We expect that many of the securities in which we invest will be rated below investment grade by independent rating agencies or would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. These securities, which may be referred to as junk , have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. In addition, we expect that many of our debt investments will include floating interest rates that reset on a periodic basis and typically will not require the borrowers to pay down the outstanding principal of such debt prior to maturity. 
 We and the Adviser have obtained an exemptive order dated April 19, 2016 from the SEC to permit co-investments
 among the Company and certain other accounts managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, subject to certain conditions. 
 Public Offering 

As a result of a series of private placements to the Adviser, we successfully satisfied the minimum offering requirement and officially commenced operations on September 2, 2014. In connection with the satisfaction of the minimum offering requirement and the commencement of our operations, the Investment Advisory Agreement became effective and the base management fee and any incentive fees, as applicable, payable to the Adviser under the Investment Advisory Agreement began to accrue. In aggregate as of December 31, 2022, the Adviser controls 2,549,002 total shares, including reinvestment of dividends, for a net amount of approximately 14.1 million. In February 2018, we closed our continuous public offering of shares of common stock. 
 Revenues 

We generate a significant portion of our total revenue in the form of interest on the debt securities that we hold. We expect that the senior debt we invest in will generally have stated terms of 3 to 5 years and that the subordinated debt we invest in will generally have stated terms of 5 to 7 years. Our senior and subordinated debt investments bear interest at a fixed or floating rate. Interest on debt securities is generally payable monthly, quarterly or semiannually. In addition, some of our investments provide for deferred interest payments or payment-in-kind,

 or PIK, interest. We may also generate revenues in the form of dividends and other distributions on the equity or other securities we may hold. In addition, we may generate revenues in the form of commitment, closing, origination, structuring or diligence fees, monitoring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance, consulting fees, prepayment fees and performance-based fees. Any such fees generated in connection with our investments will be recognized as earned. 
 Expenses 

We expect that our primary operating expenses will include the payment of fees to the Adviser under the Investment Advisory Agreement, our allocable portion of overhead expenses under the Administration Agreement and other operating costs described below. Prior to December 20, 2017, the Adviser was waiving most fees, subject to possible recoupment for expenses pertaining to periods from and after June 10, 2016. Effective December 20, 2017, the Adviser ended its voluntary waiver of advisory and administration fees. We bear all out-of-pocket

 costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including: 

our organization (expenses initially paid by the Adviser until sufficient equity proceeds are raised); 

calculating our net asset value and net asset value per share (including the costs and expenses of independent valuation firms); 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

fees and expenses, including travel expenses, incurred by the Adviser or payable to third parties in performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, monitoring our investments and, if necessary, enforcing our rights; 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments; 

the costs of this and all future offerings of common shares and other securities, and other incurrence of debt; 

the base management fee and any incentive fee; 

distributions on our shares; 

administration fees payable to the Adviser under the Administration Agreement; 

transfer agent and custody fees and expenses; 

the actual costs incurred by the Adviser as our administrator in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it; 

amounts payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, evaluating, making and disposing of investments; 

brokerage fees and commissions; 

registration fees; 

listing fees; 

taxes; 

director fees and expenses; 

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; 

the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to our stockholders, including printing costs; 

costs of holding stockholder meetings; 

our fidelity bond; 

directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

litigation, indemnification and other non-recurring
 or extraordinary expenses; 

direct costs and expenses of administration and operation, including audit and legal costs; 

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts, including deal sourcing fees and marketing to financial sponsors; 

dues, fees and charges of any trade association of which we are a member; and 

all other expenses reasonably incurred by us or the Adviser in connection with administering our business. 
 During periods of asset growth, we expect our general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable or decline as a percentage of total assets and increase during periods of asset declines. 
 Expense Limitation 

Pursuant to an expense limitation agreement (the Expense Limitation Agreement ), the Adviser is contractually obligated to waive fees and, if necessary, pay or reimburse certain other expenses to limit ordinary Other Expenses to 1.0 of the quarter-end
 value of the Company s gross assets through the one-year
 anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement. Under the Expense Limitation Agreement, Other Expenses are all expenses with the exception of advisor and administration fees, organization and offering costs and the following: (i) interest, taxes, dividends tied to short sales, brokerage commissions, and other expenditures which are capitalized in accordance with U.S. GAAP; (ii) expenses incurred indirectly as a result of investments in other investment companies and pooled investment vehicles; (iii) other expenses attributable to, and incurred as a result of, our investments; (iv) expenses payable to the Adviser, as administrator, for providing significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies; and (v) other extraordinary expenses (including litigation expenses) not incurred in the ordinary course of our business. The obligation will automatically renew for one-year
 terms unless it is terminated by the Company or the Adviser upon written notice within 120 days of the end of the current term or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Expense Limitation Agreement will continue through at least April 30, 2023. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Any expenses waived or reimbursed by the Adviser pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement are subject to possible recoupment by the Adviser within three years from the date of the waiver or reimbursement. The recoupment by the Adviser will be limited to the amount of previously waived or reimbursed expenses and cannot cause the Company s expenses to exceed any expense limitation in place at the time of recoupment or waiver. 
 Reimbursable Expenses Table 

The cumulative total of fees waived by the Adviser under the Expense Limitation Agreement which are recoupable as of December 31, 2022, are 1,022,343. This balance, and the balances in the tables below, only include amounts pertaining to the Expense Limitation Agreement, and do not include waived advisory and administration fees subject to recoupment discussed elsewhere herein. 
 The following table reflects the 2022 quarterly fee waivers and expense reimbursements due from the Adviser as of December 31, 2022, which are subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 

Quarter Ended

Yearly Cumulative Other Expenses 

Yearly Expense Limitation 

Yearly Cumulative Expense Reimbursement 

Quarterly Recoupable/ (Recouped) Amount 

Recoupment Eligibility Expiration 

December 31, 2022

913,273 

535,679 

377,594 

92,216 

December 31, 2025 

September 30, 2022

678,333 

392,955 

285,378 

124,667 

September 30, 2025 

June 30, 2022

434,019 

273,308 

160,711 

98,950 

June 30, 2025 

March 31, 2022

211,896 

150,135 

61,761 

61,761 

March 31, 2025 
 The following table reflects the 2021 quarterly fee waivers and expense reimbursements due from the Adviser as of December 31, 2021, which are subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 

Quarter Ended

Yearly Cumulative Other Expenses 

Yearly Expense Limitation 

Yearly Cumulative Expense Reimbursement 

Quarterly Recoupable/ (Recouped) Amount 

Recoupment Eligibility Expiration 

December 31, 2021

892,640 

597,379 

295,261 

94,762 

December 31, 2024 

September 30, 2021

664,052 

463,553 

200,499 

68,134 

September 30, 2024 

June 30, 2021

436,866 

304,501 

132,365 

68,919 

June 30, 2024 

March 31, 2021

220,126 

156,680 

63,446 

63,446 

March 31, 2024 
 The following table reflects the 2020 quarterly fee waivers and expense reimbursements due from the Adviser as of December 31, 2020, which are subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 

Quarter Ended

Yearly Cumulative Other Expenses 

Yearly Expense Limitation 

Yearly Cumulative Expense Reimbursement 

Quarterly Recoupable/ (Recouped) Amount 

Recoupment Eligibility Expiration 

December 31, 2020

989,447 

639,959 

349,488 

101,541 

December 31, 2023 

September 30, 2020

687,228 

439,281 

247,947 

94,039 

September 30, 2023 

June 30, 2020

445,585 

291,677 

153,908 

(30,539) 

June 30, 2023 

March 31, 2020

257,226 

72,779 

184,447 

184,447 

March 31, 2023 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, 147,269 of expense reimbursements that were eligible for recoupment by the Adviser expired. 
 There can be no assurance that the Expense Limitation Agreement will remain in effect beyond April 30, 2023 or that the Adviser will reimburse any portion of our expenses in future quarters not covered by the Expense Limitation Agreement. Amounts shown do not include the amounts committed by the Adviser to voluntarily reimburse the Company for unrealized losses, all of which are not recoupable. 
 Portfolio Investment Activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

65 

Table of Contents 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made long investments in portfolio companies and other investments totaling 9,519,074. During the same period, we generated proceeds from sales and principal repayments on long investments of 11,143,514. As of December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio, with a total fair value of 53.3 million, consisted of 39 positions in portfolio companies (calculated as a percentage of investments: 21.7 in first lien senior secured loans, 5.0 in second lien senior secured loans, 5.1 in corporate bonds, 0.0 in asset-backed securities, 0.3 in warrants, 36.6 in common stock, 22.5 in preferred stocks and 8.8 in LLC interests. As of December 31, 2022, the debt investments in our portfolio carry a weighted average cost price of 94.17 on par or stated value, as applicable, and our estimated gross annual portfolio yield (which represents the expected yield to be generated by us on our investment portfolio based on the composition of our portfolio as of such date), prior to leverage costs, was 3.51 based on the amortized cost of our investments. The portfolio yield does not represent an actual investment return to stockholders and does not include income from CLO equity. As of December 31, 2022, there were no positions held in the TRS. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we made long investments in portfolio companies and other investments totaling 8,119,981. During the same period, we generated proceeds from sales and principal repayments on long investments of 17,408,129. As of December 31, 2021, our investment portfolio, with a total fair value of 60.2 million, consisted of 39 positions in portfolio companies (calculated as a percentage of investments: 36.7 in first lien senior secured loans, 5.1 in second lien senior secured loans, 11.3 in corporate bonds, 0.7 in asset-backed securities, 0.3 in warrants, 30.4 in common stock, 2.9 in preferred stocks and 12.6 in LLC interests. As of December 31, 2021, the debt investments in our portfolio carry a weighted average cost price of 92.95 on par or stated value, as applicable, and our estimated gross annual portfolio yield (which represents the expected yield to be generated by us on our investment portfolio based on the composition of our portfolio as of such date), prior to leverage costs, was 5.70 based on the amortized cost of our investments. The portfolio yield does not represent an actual investment return to stockholders and does not include income from CLO equity. As of December 31, 2021, there were no positions held in the TRS. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we made long investments in portfolio companies and other investments totaling 54,511,342. During the same period, we generated proceeds from sales and principal repayments on long investments of 72,368,347. As of December 31, 2020, our investment portfolio, with a total fair value of 64.7 million, consisted of 45 positions in portfolio companies (calculated as a percentage of investments: 48.3 in first lien senior secured loans, 7.3 in second lien senior secured loans, 10.6 in corporate bonds, 0.6 in asset-backed securities, 0.1 in warrants, 14.9 in common stock, 0.0 in preferred stocks, 10.1 in LLC interests and 8.1 in partnership units. As of December 31, 2020, there were no investments under the TRS with BNP Paribas in our portfolio. On a look-through basis, the debt investments in our portfolio carry a weighted average cost price of 88.76 on par or stated value, as applicable, and our estimated gross annual portfolio yield (which represents the expected yield to be generated by us on our investment portfolio based on the composition of our portfolio as of such date), prior to leverage costs, was 5.48 based on the amortized cost of our investments. The portfolio yield does not represent an actual investment return to stockholders and does not include income from CLO equity. As of December 31, 2020, there were no positions held in the TRS. 
 Total Portfolio Activity 

The following tables present selected information regarding our portfolio investment activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Net Investment Activity

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

December 31, 2020

Purchases

9,519,074 

8,119,981 

54,511,342 

Proceeds from Securities Sold Short

Payment-in-kind

193,003 

100,908 

400,250 

Purchases of Securities Sold Short

Sales and Principal Repayments

(11,143,514) 

(17,408,129) 

(72,368,347) 

Net Portfolio Activity

(1,431,437) 

(9,187,240) 

(17,456,755) 

66 

Table of Contents 

For the Year Ended

 December 31, 2022

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020

New Investment Activity by Asset Class

Purchases

Percentage

Purchases

Percentage

Purchases

Percentage

Senior Secured Loans First Lien

3,485,000 

36.6 

5,335,151 

65.7 

27,159,682 

49.7 

Senior Secured Loans Second Lien

0.0 

0.0 

6,299,722 

11.6 

Corporate Bonds Senior Unsecured

0.0 

0.0 

4,842,635 

8.9 

Equities

34,088 

0.4 

1,013,533 

12.5 

3,583,987 

6.6 

LLC Interests

0.0 

0.0 

6,312,618 

11.6 

Mortgage-Backed-Securities

0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

Closed-End
 Mutual Funds

0.0 

0.0 

0.0 

Preferred Stocks

5,999,986 

63.0 

1,750,000 

21.6 

0.0 

Warrants

0.0 

21,297 

0.2 

0.0 

Total Investments

9,519,074 

100.0 

8,119,981 

100.0 

54,511,342 

100.0 
 The following tables summarize the composition of our investment portfolio at amortized cost and fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022

Portfolio Composition by Investment Type

Amortized Cost (1)

Fair Value

Percentage of Portfolio (at fair value)

Senior Secured Loans First Lien

14,645,107 

11,575,822 

21.7 

Senior Secured Loans Second Lien

2,976,056 

2,652,371 

5.0 

Asset-Backed Securities

388,541 

7,036 

0.0 

LLC Interests

3,666,112 

4,689,242 

8.8 

Corporate Bonds

3,358,783 

2,704,917 

5.1 

Common Stocks

17,100,444 

19,514,684 

36.6 

Preferred Stock

11,829,986 

11,967,910 

22.5 

Warrants

74,284 

181,733 

0.3 

Total Invested Assets

54,039,313

53,293,715

100

(1)
 
 Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on investments. 

December 31, 2021

Portfolio Composition by Investment Type

Amortized Cost (1)

Fair Value

Percentage of Portfolio (at fair value)

Senior Secured Loans First Lien

21,439,866 

22,144,887 

36.7 

Senior Secured Loans Second Lien

2,957,993 

3,072,569 

5.1 

Asset-Backed Securities

422,271 

405,040 

0.7 

LLC Interests

7,000,000 

7,572,374 

12.6 

Corporate Bonds

6,817,768 

6,826,266 

11.3 

Common Stocks

14,308,512 

18,329,113 

30.4 

Preferred Stock

1,750,000 

1,725,000 

2.9 

Warrants

74,284 

161,062 

0.3 

Total Invested Assets

54,770,694

60,236,311

100

(1) 
 Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on investments. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents certain selected information regarding the composition of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Number of Investments 

39 

39 

Variable Rate (based on fair value) 

71 

63 

Non-Income
 Producing Equity or Other Investments (based on fair value) 

27 

21 

Weighted Average Cost Price of Investments (as a of par or stated value) 

94.17 

92.95 

Weighted Average Credit Rating of Investments that were Rated 

Caa1 

Caa1 

of Fixed Income Investments on Non-Accrual
 (based on fair value) 

0.0 

0.3 
 Portfolio Composition by Strategy and Industry 

The table below summarizes the composition of our investment portfolio by strategy and enumerates the percentage, by fair value, of the total portfolio assets in such strategies as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Portfolio Composition by Strategy

Fair Value

Percentage of Portfolio

Fair Value

Percentage of Portfolio

Broadly Syndicated Private

6,183,456 

11.6 

5,668,835 

9.4 

Broadly Syndicated Public

2,561,915 

4.8 

394,950 

0.6 

Middle-Market

42,133,492 

74.4 

53,767,486 

89.3 

Opportunistic/Other

2,414,852 

5.1 

405,040 

0.7 

Total Invested Assets

53,293,715

100.0

60,236,311

100.0

Broadly syndicated debt refers to loans and other instruments originated by a bank to a large corporation (both private and public) that are sold off, or syndicated, to investors in pieces. Middle-Market companies include companies with annual revenues between 50 million and 2.5 billion. 
 The table below describes investments by industry classification and enumerates the percentage, by fair value, of the total portfolio assets in such industries as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Industry Classifications

Fair Value

Percentage of Portfolio

Fair Value

Percentage

 of Portfolio

Chemicals

42,500 

0.1 

42,500 

0.1 

Consumer Products

3,088,750 

5.8 

2,812,212 

4.7 

Energy

1,752,941 

3.3 

1,204,904 

2.0 

Financials

3,180,161 

6.0 

4,338,790 

7.2 

Healthcare

26,101,074 

49.0 

31,167,298 

51.7 

Media/Telecommunications

310,563 

0.6 

394,950 

0.7 

Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

1,018,779 

1.9 

1,942,593 

3.2 

Real Estate

11,613,222 

21.8 

12,659,057 

21.0 

Retail

0.0 

0.0 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Service

2,268 

0.0 

5,172 

0.0 

Telecommunication Services

6,183,457 

11.6 

5,668,835 

9.4 

Manufacturing

0.0 

0.0 

Total Invested Assets

53,293,715

100.0

60,236,311

100.0

As of December 31, 2022, the Company was an affiliated person, as defined in the 1940 Act, of NexPoint Real Estate Finance, Inc., NexPoint Capital REIT, LLC, SFR WLIF III, LLC, and NexPoint Residential Trust, Inc. In general, under the 1940 Act, we are presumed to control a portfolio company if we owned 25 or more of its voting securities or we had the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company and would be an affiliated person of a portfolio company if we owned 5 or more of its voting securities. 
 Summary Description of Portfolio Companies/Investments 

 As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, 53.5 and 51.7 (based on fair value), respectively, of our portfolio consisted of healthcare related and opportunistic investments. Information regarding these investments is provided below. Information regarding these investments is provided below. This additional information is limited to publicly available information, and does not address credit worthiness or financial viability of the issuer, or our future plans as it relates to a specific investment: 
 Healthcare Investments 

Sapience Therapeutics, Inc.: 

As of December 31, 2022, we held preferred shares of Sapience Therapeutics, Inc. with an aggregate fair value of 8.3 million. We did not hold preferred shares as of December 31, 2021 but held convertible promissory notes with an aggregate fair value of 4 million which converted in 2022. Sapience Therapeutics is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company which addresses previously undruggable molecular targets that address protein-protein interactions via the development of peptide-based drugs. 
 CCS Medical, Inc.: 

As of December 31, 2022, we held first lien senior secured loans of CCS Medical, Inc. with an aggregate fair value of 3.0 million. We did not hold any such investments as of December 31, 2021. CCS Medical, Inc. provides direct-to-home

 delivery of medical supplies. The Company offers diabetes testing, insulin pumps, prescription medications, ostomy, urological, wound care, and incontinence supplies. CCS Medical serves customers in the United States. 
 Apnimed

, Inc.: As of December 31, 2022, we held preferred shares of Apnimed Inc, with an aggregate fair value of 2.3 million. We did not hold preferred shares as of December 31, 2021. Apnimed, Inc. is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing oral pharmacologic therapies for the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and related disorders. Apnimed s lead development program targets the neurologic control of upper airway muscles to maintain an open airway during sleep. 
 RXBenefits, Inc.: 

As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we held first lien senior secured loans of RXBenefits, Inc. with an aggregate fair value of 1.9 million and 3.2 million, respectively. RXBenefits, Inc. is a pharmacy benefits optimization platform that serves primarily the small and mid-sized
 employer market and provides a more curated and competitive pharmacy benefits marketplace for its employer customer base. 
 CNT Holdings I Corp

.: As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we held second lien senior secured loans of CNT Holdings I Corp., with an aggregate fair value of 1.4 million and 1.5 million, respectively. CNT Holdings I Corp. is a subsidiary of 1-800
 CONTACTS Inc. 1-800
 CONTACTS Inc., is the largest direct to customer distributers of contact lenses in the United States and has expanded to provide online prescription renewals, glasses, lens replacements and other services. 
 Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Revenues 

We generate a significant portion of our investment income in the form of interest on the debt securities we purchase or originate. We have invested primarily in broadly syndicated bank loans of private companies. Bank loans generally pay interest at rates which are periodically determined by reference to a base lending rate plus a spread. The base lending rate is typically the three-month LIBOR. The settlement of bank loans differs from the settlement of many other equity or debt instruments. Bank loans are 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 manually settled through the agent by assignment. As a result, settlement can take an undetermined amount of time. Currently, according to data provided by Markit Partners, bank loans settle, on average, on the seventeenth day after the trade date. Generally, interest does not begin to accrue to the buyer until seven business days after the trade date. 
 Our CLO equity pays quarterly dividends based on excess cash flow available after the CLO s payment waterfall provisions. Both Grayson and PAMCO CLOs are past their respective investment periods, and as a result, excess cash flow is expected to decline over time. We, therefore, expect that the quarterly dividends paid by the investment will similarly decline. 
 Expenses 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, we had total net operating expenses of 1,902,995 or 0.19 per share, 2,174,432 or 0.21 per share, 2,244,253 or 0.21 per share. Our operating expenses include base management fees attributed to the Adviser of 1,096,487, 1,220,044, and 1,192,535 for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Of these amounts, 0, 0, and 0 were voluntarily waived. Our expenses also include administrative services expenses attributed to the Adviser of 226,948, 244,754, and 245,534 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Amounts waived for management fees or administrative services expenses pertaining to periods prior to June 10, 2016 are not recoupable, but amounts waived for management fees or administrative services expenses pertaining to periods from and after June 10, 2016 are subject to recoupment by the Adviser within three years from the date that such fees were otherwise payable, provided that the recoupment will be limited to the amount of such voluntarily waived fees from and after June 10, 2016 and will not cause the sum of the Company s advisory fees, administration fees, Other Expenses, and any recoupment to exceed the annual rate of 3.40 of average gross assets. Effective December 20, 2017, the Adviser ended its voluntary waiver of advisory fees. 
 Amounts waived and subject to recoupment pertaining to advisory and administration fees are shown below: 

Period Ended

Advisory Fees Waived and Subject to Recoupment (1)

Administrator fees Waived and Subject to Recoupment (1)

Recoupment Eligibility Expiration

December 31, 2017

413,916 

75,906 

Expired 

September 30, 2017

305,288 

69,308 

Expired 

June 30, 2017

389,733 

77,947 

Expired 

March 31, 2017

390,969 

78,194 

Expired 

December 31, 2016

366,861 

73,372 

Expired 

September 30, 2016

343,320 

68,664 

Expired 

June 30, 2016

74,421 

14,884 

Expired 

Total

2,284,508

458,275

(1)
 
 The Adviser has permanently waived the recoupment of any advisory fees or administration fees calculated on the portion of gross assets attributable to the receivable from Adviser balance on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Our other expenses subject to the Expense Limitation Agreement for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were 913,273, 892,640, and 989,447, and consisted of the following: 

For the Year Ended December 31,

 2022

For the Year Ended December 31,

 2021

For the Year Ended December 31,

 2020

Audit and tax fees

167,864 

168,254 

223,648 

Legal fees

53,658 

72,441 

81,141 

Custodian and accounting service fees

311,050 

307,438 

312,199 

Reports to stockholders

82,721 

75,060 

82,492 

Stock transfer fee

209,866 

208,251 

248,563 

Directors fees

18,170 

17,781 

20,123 

Other expenses

69,944 

43,415 

21,281 

Total

913,273

892,640

989,447

In addition, cumulatively from inception through June 10, 2016, the Adviser voluntarily waived 930,143 and 186,042 of advisory fees and administration fees, respectively, all of which are not recoupable. 

 Please refer to the Expense Limitation section above for further details on expense reimbursements. 

 Net Investment Income 

We earned net investment income of 1,789,618 or 0.18 per share, 1,923,427 or 0.19 per share, 2,568,929 or 0.24 per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

 Net Realized Gains or Losses 

We had sales or principal repayments of 11,143,514, 17,408,129, and 72,368,347, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, from which we realized net gains(losses) of 329,081, (3,479,546), and (20,436,938), respectively. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we realized gains(losses) on total return swaps of 0, 0 and (6,929,996), respectively. 

 Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments totaled (6,183,873) or (0.63) per share, 7,262,262 or 0.71 per share, and 1,153,685 or 0.11 per share, respectively. The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on our investments during the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily driven by the performance of America Banknote Corporation Common Stock, NexPoint Real Estate Finance, Inc. Common Stock and the Enterprise Merger Sub Term Loan. The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on our investments during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by the performance of TerreStar Corp. Common Stock, NexPoint Residential Trust, Inc. Common Stock and the US Gaming LLC Interests. The net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on our investments during the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily driven by the performance of TerreStar Corp. Common Stock, BW NHHC Holdco, Inc. Senior Secure Loan and the Advantage Sales Marketing, Inc. Second Lien Term Loan. 

 Net Increase from Payment from Affiliates 

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Adviser committed 872,000 to the Company to voluntarily reimburse the Company for unrealized losses sustained. No amounts were committed for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Cumulatively since inception, the Adviser has committed 2,275,000 to voluntarily reimburse the Company for such losses. Had these payments not been made, the NAV as of December 31, 2022 would have been lower. These payments are shown in the Statements of Operations as net increase from amounts committed by affiliates, if applicable, and are not recoupable. 

 Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the net increase/(decrease) in net assets resulting from operations was (4,065,174) or (0.41) per share, 5,706,143 or 0.56 per share, and (20,899,278) or (1.98) per share, respectively. 

71 

Table of Contents 

For the

 Year Ended December 31, 2022

For the

 Year Ended December 31, 2021

For the

 Year Ended December 31, 2020

Income

3,692,613 

4,097,859 

4,813,182 

Expenses

(1,902,995) 

(2,174,432) 

(2,244,253) 
 
 Net Realized Gain/(Loss)

329,081 

(3,479,546) 

(27,366,934) 
 
 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation)

(6,183,873) 

7,262,262 

3,898,727 

Net increase from amounts committed by affiliates

Total

(4,065,174

5,706,143

(20,899,278

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 1,629,846 and 2,811,171, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, 1,420,428 and 2,704,193 was held in the State Street U.S. Government Money Market Fund, and 209,418 and 106,978 was held in a custodial account with State Street Bank and Trust Company, respectively. Cash and cash equivalents are available to fund new investments, pay operating expenses and pay distributions. 

 In aggregate as of December 31, 2022, the Adviser controls 2,549,002 total shares, including reinvestment of dividends, for a net amount of approximately 14.1 million. 

 The sales commissions and dealer manager fees related to the sale of our common stock were 0, 0, and 0, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 and were offset against capital in excess of par value on the financial statements. 

 We expect to generate cash flows primarily from fees, interest and dividends earned from our investments, as well as principal repayments and proceeds from sales of our investments. 

 Prior to investing in securities of portfolio companies, we invest the net proceeds from the issuance of shares of common stock under our distribution reinvestment plan and from sales and paydowns of existing investments primarily in cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, repurchase agreements, high-quality debt instruments maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, consistent with our BDC election and our election to be treated as a RIC. Additionally, we may invest in higher yielding, liquid credit investments such as bank loans and corporate notes and bonds, which are considered junk as they are rated below investment grade, to the extent that at time of purchase 70 of our portfolio is in qualified investments as required by rules and regulations under the 1940 Act. 

 On October 19, 2017, the Company entered into a financing arrangement (the Financing Arrangement with BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage International, Ltd., BNP Prime Brokerage, Inc., and BNP Paribas (together, the BNPP Entities ). Under the Financing Agreement, the BNPP Entities may make margin loans to the Company at a rate of one-month
 LIBOR + 1.30 . The BNPP Entities have the right to cap the amount of margin loans with prior notice to the Company. The Financing Arrangement could be terminated by either the Company or the BNPP Entities with 179 days notice. 
 On April 15, 2020, the Financing Arrangement was paid down and closed. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, 0 and 0, respectively, were outstanding under the Financing Arrangement. 

72 

Table of Contents 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the components of total interest expense were as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020

Direct interest expense

176,711 

Commitment fees

(204) 
 
 Amortization of financing costs

Total

176,707

On June 13, 2017, the Company, entered into the TRS with BNP Paribas over one or more loans, with a maximum aggregate notional amount of the portfolio debt securities subject to the TRS of 40 million. On April 2, 2018, the Company amended and restated the TRS Agreement with BNP Paribas to increase the maximum aggregate notional amount of the portfolio debt securities subject to the TRS to 60 million. 

 On June 10, 2020, the TRS expired. As of December 31, 2019, the TRS had a notional amount of 50,904,830 and a market value of 47,899,681. As December 31, 2019, cash collateral of 21,400,000 was posted against the TRS. See Note 7 to the financial statements included herein for additional information on the TRS. 

 While we are authorized to issue preferred stock, we do not currently anticipate issuing any. 

 Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

 We may become a party to financial instruments with off-balance
 sheet risk in the normal course of our business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. These instruments may include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity and credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had no outstanding commitments to fund investments. 
 We have certain contracts under which we have material future commitments. We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser in accordance with the 1940 Act. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser provides us with investment advisory and management services. For these services, we pay (1) a management fee equal to a percentage of the average value of our gross assets and (2) an incentive fee based on our performance. 

 The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first part, which is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears, equals Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter and is subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on our net assets, equal to 1.875 per quarter. As a result, the Adviser will not earn this incentive fee for any quarter until our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income for such quarter exceeds the hurdle rate of 1.875 . Once our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, the Adviser will be entitled to a catch-up 
 fee equal to the amount of the pre-incentive
 fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate, until our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income for such quarter equals 2.34375 of the Company s net assets at the end of such quarter. This catch-up 
 feature allows the Adviser to recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of the hurdle rate. Thereafter, the Adviser will receive 20.0 of our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income. For purposes of calculating this part of the incentive fee, Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, distribution income and any other income (including any other fees, other than fees for providing managerial assistance, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement and any interest expense and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero-coupon
 securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 The second part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the incentive fee on capital gains, is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement). This fee equals 20.0 of our incentive fee capital gains, which will equal our realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from formation, calculated as of the end of the applicable period, computed net of all realized capital losses (proceeds less amortized cost) and unrealized capital 

73 

Table of Contents 
 depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. We will accrue for the capital gains incentive fee, which, if earned, will be paid annually. We will accrue for the capital gains incentive fee based on net realized and unrealized gains; however, under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the fee payable to the Adviser will be based on realized gains and no such fee will be payable with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually realized. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2011, the Company incurred 0 and 0 of incentive fees on capital gains, respectively Since inception, the Company has accrued 0 of incentive fees on capital gains in aggregate. Effective December 20, 2017, the Adviser ended its voluntary waiver of incentive fees. No such fees have been paid with respect to realized gains as of December 31, 2022. 

 Under the Administration Agreement, the Adviser furnishes us with office facilities and equipment, provides us clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities and provides us with other administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day

 operations. We will reimburse the Adviser for the allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of the Board) of overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs, to the extent that such expenses do not exceed an annual rate of 0.4 of our gross assets. The Adviser also provides on our behalf significant managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which we are required to offer to provide such assistance and any expenses payable to the Adviser for such managerial assistance are not subject to the cap on reimbursement. 
 Our organization and offering costs together are limited to 1 of total gross proceeds raised and are not due and payable to the Adviser to the extent they exceed that amount. The cumulative aggregate amount of organization and offering costs exceeds 1 of total proceeds raised. Subsequent to the termination of the Offering, the Adviser forfeited the right to reimbursement of the remaining 4,305,091 of these costs. 

 If any of the contractual obligations discussed above is terminated, our costs under any new agreements that we enter into may increase. In addition, we would likely incur significant time and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we receive under our Investment Advisory Agreement and our Administration Agreement. Any new investment advisory agreement would also be subject to approval by our stockholders. 

 If for any taxable year we were not a publicly offered RIC within the meaning of Code Section 67(c)(2)(B), certain of our direct and indirect expenses, including the management fee, the incentive fee and certain other advisory expenses, would be subject to special pass-through rules. Such rules would treat these expenses as additional dividends to certain of our direct or indirect stockholders (generally including individuals and entities that compute their taxable income in the same manner as an individual) and as deductible by those stockholders, subject to the 2 floor on miscellaneous itemized deductions and other significant limitations on itemized deductions set forth in the Code. 

 Distributions 

In order to qualify for the special tax treatment accorded RICs and their shareholders, we are required under the Code, among other things, to distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, or investment company taxable income, to our stockholders on an annual basis. We intend to authorize and declare quarterly distributions to be paid quarterly to our stockholders as determined by the Board. In addition, we also intend to distribute any realized net capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) at least annually. 

 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of our distributions from time to time. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage requirements applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences, including possible failure to qualify for the special tax treatment accorded RICs and their shareholders. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions. 

74 

Table of Contents 
 We have adopted an opt in distribution reinvestment plan for our stockholders. As a result, if we declare a cash distribution, our stockholders will receive distributions in cash unless they specifically opt in to the distribution reinvestment plan to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. However, certain state authorities or regulators may impose restrictions from time to time that may prevent or limit a stockholder s ability to participate in our distribution reinvestment plan. Although distributions paid in the form of additional shares of our common stock will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state and local taxes in the same manner as cash distributions, stockholders participating in our dividend reinvestment plan will not receive any corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable taxes. 

 On June 24, 2020, the Board of Directors approved a change in its dividend and capital gains distribution schedule from monthly distributions to quarterly distributions, effective immediately. The first quarterly distribution was paid on October 12, 2020 to shareholders of record as of September 30, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made the following distributions: 

Payable

Date

Dividend/ Share (1)

Total Dividend (1)

Dividends Reinvested (2)(3)

12/31/2022 (3)

0.090 

870,980 

9/30/2022

0.090 

874,461 

303,070 

6/30/2022

0.090 

887,710 

298,766 

3/31/2022

0.090 

892,680 

301,212 

1/2/2022 (2)

306,152 

Total

0.360

3,525,831

1,209,200

1
 
 Of the total dividends shown, 1,999,373 was classified as a return of capital. 

2
 
 The December 2021 Dividend was reinvested in January 2022, see total December 2021 Dividend in table below. 

3
 
 The December 2022 Dividend was reinvested in January 2023. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company made the following distributions: 

Payable

Date

Dividend/ Share (1)

Total Dividend (1)

Dividends Reinvested (2)(3)

12/31/2021 (3)

0.090 

896,061 

9/30/2021

0.090 

903,359 

320,218 

6/30/2021

0.090 

909,619 

322,287 

3/31/2021

0.090 

924,140 

331,405 

1/2/2021 (2)

345,331 

Total

0.360

3,633,179

1,319,241

1
 
 For the current period, there were no dividends classified as a return of capital. 

2
 
 The December 2020 Dividend was reinvested in January 2021, see total December 2020 Dividend in table below. 

3
 
 The December 2021 Dividend was reinvested in January 2022. 

For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company made the following distributions: 

Payable

Date

Dividend/ Share (1)

Total Dividend (1)

Dividends Reinvested (2)(3)

12/31/2020 (3)

0.090 

942,766 

9/30/2020 

0.090 

944,487 

347,961 

4/27/2020 

0.060 

633,540 

241,202 

3/27/2020 

0.060 

629,128 

237,068 

2/27/2020 

0.060 

631,127 

245,478 

1/30/2020 

0.060 

628,352 

396,837 

1/2/2020 (2)

396,214 

Total

0.420

4,409,400

1,864,760

1
 
 For the current period, there were no dividends classified as a return of capital. 

2
 
 The December 2019 Dividend was reinvested in January 2020, see total December 2019 Dividend in table below. 

3
 
 The December 2020 Dividend was reinvested in January 2021 

75 

Table of Contents 
 Related Party Transactions 

 We have entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following: 

We entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser. James Dondero, our president, controls the Adviser by virtue of his control of its general partner, NexPoint Advisors GP, LLC. 

Pursuant to an expense limitation agreement, the Adviser has agreed to waive fees or, if necessary, reimburse us to limit certain expenses to 1.0 of the quarter-end
 value of our gross assets. 

The Adviser provides us with the office facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day

 operations pursuant to the Administration Agreement. 

The dealer manager, NexPoint Securities, Inc., is an affiliate of the Adviser. 

In aggregate as of December 31, 2022, the Adviser controls 2,549,002 total shares of the common stock of the Company, including reinvestment of dividends, for a net amount of approximately 14.1 million. 

Cumulatively since inception, the Adviser has paid 2,275,000 to voluntarily reimburse the Company for certain unrealized losses on investments. Had these payments not been made, the NAV as of December 31, 2022, would have been lower. These payments are not recoupable by the Adviser. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates also sponsor, or manage, and may in the future sponsor or manage, other investment funds, accounts or investment vehicles (together referred to as accounts that have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and in part, with ours. The Adviser and its affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other accounts. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, and pursuant to the Adviser s allocation policy and co-investment
 relief, the Adviser or its affiliates may determine that we should invest side-by-side

 with one or more other accounts. We do not intend to make any investments if they are not permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, or if they are inconsistent with the Adviser s allocation procedures and co-investment
 relief. 
 In addition, we and the Adviser have each adopted a formal code of ethics that governs the conduct of our and the Adviser s officers, directors and employees. Our officers and directors also remain subject to the duties imposed by both the 1940 Act and the Delaware General Corporations Law. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 

 The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. We have identified the following as critical accounting policies. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

We will value our investments in accordance with ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure, or ASC Topic 820. ASC Topic 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value. ASC Topic 820 s definition of fair value focuses on exit price in the principal, or most advantageous, market and prioritizes the use of market-based inputs over entity-specific inputs within a measurement of fair value. 
 The portfolio will often include debt investments and equity investments that are fair valued. The portion of our portfolio that receives values from independent third parties are valued at their mid quotations obtained from unaffiliated market makers, other financial institutions that trade in similar investments or based on prices provided by independent third-party pricing services. For investments where there are no available bid quotations, fair value is derived using proprietary models that consider the analyses of independent valuation agents as well as credit risk, liquidity, market credit spreads, and other applicable factors for similar transactions. 
 Due to the nature of our strategy, our portfolio will include relatively illiquid investments that are privately held. Valuations of privately held investments are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates. The determination of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these investments existed. Our net asset value could be materially affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher or lower than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such investments. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to Rule 2a-5
 under the 1940 Act, the Board has designated the Adviser as the Company s valuation designee to perform the fair valuation determination for securities and other assets held by the Company. Pursuant to board approved policies and procedures, the Adviser, is responsible for determining the fair value of the portfolio investments that are not publicly traded, whose market prices are not readily available on a quarterly basis in good faith or any other situation where portfolio investments require a fair value determination. Rule 2a-5
 states that a market quotation is readily available only when that quotation is a quoted price (unadjusted) in active markets for identical investments that the Company can access at the measurement date, provided that a quotation will not be readily available if it is not reliable. Market quotations may also not be readily available if a significant event occurs that causes the Adviser to believe that the market price of a security no longer represents the security s current value at the time of the Company s NAV determination. 
 The valuation process is conducted at the end of each fiscal quarter, with a portion of our valuations of portfolio companies without market quotations subject to review by the independent valuation firms each quarter. When an external event with respect to one of our portfolio companies, such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we expect to use the pricing indicated by such external event to corroborate our valuation. 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, the Adviser undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 

The valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by investment professionals of the Adviser responsible for credit monitoring or independent third-party valuation firms. 

Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with a committee comprised of certain senior management employees of the Adviser (the Valuation Committee ). 

The Audit and Qualified Legal Compliance Committee of the Board, in assistance of Board valuation oversight, reviews portfolio valuation, including oversight of valuations determined by the Adviser and the Valuation Committee pursuant to the policies and procedures approved by the Board. 

At least once each quarter, the valuations for approximately one quarter of the portfolio investments that have been fair valued are reviewed by an independent valuation firm such that, over the course of a year, each material portfolio investment that has been fair valued shall have been reviewed by an independent valuation firm at least once. 

Based on this information, the Adviser discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith pursuant to board-approved policies and procedures. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company held the following investments for which a sufficient level of current, reliable market quotations were not available: 

Instrument

Type

Fair Value

Grayson Investor Corp.

Asset-Backed Securities

7,023 

PAMCO CLO 1997-1A
 B

Asset-Backed Securities 

13 

American Banknote Corp.

Common Stocks 

1,732,500 

IQHQ, Inc.

Common Stocks 

2,359,000 

Terrestar Corp.

Common Stocks 

5,114,214 

Wayne Services Legacy Inc.

Common Stocks 

2,269 

NexPoint Capital REIT, LLC

LLC Interests 

1,176,024 

SFR WLIF III, LLC

LLC Interests 

424,468 

US Gaming, LLC

LLC Interests 

3,088,750 

Apnimed, Inc.

Preferred Stocks 

1,499,989 

Apnimed, Inc.

Preferred Stocks 

799,994 

Sapience Therapeutics, Inc.

Preferred Stocks 

4,549,525 

Sapience Therapeutics, Inc.

Preferred Stocks 

3,677,777 

Carestream Health, Inc.

Senior Secured Loans 

511,483 

CCS Medical, Inc.

Senior Secured Loans 

3,000,000 

Terrestar Corp.

Senior Secured Loans 

810,953 

Terrestar Corp.

Senior Secured Loans 

191,988 

Terrestar Corp.

Senior Secured Loans 

34,300 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Instrument

Type

Fair Value

Terrestar Corp.

Senior Secured Loans 

32,002 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company held the following investments for which a sufficient level of current, reliable market quotations were not available: 

Instrument

Type

Fair Value

Grayson Investor Corp.

Asset-Backed Securities

304,000 

PAMCO CLO 1997-1A
 B

Asset-Backed Securities 

101,040 

American Banknote Corp.

Common Stocks 

2,208,750 

IQHQ, Inc.

Common Stocks 

1,823,000 

Terrestar Corp.

Common Stocks 

4,706,357 

Wayne Services Legacy Inc.

Common Stocks 

5,172 

SFR WLIF III, LLC

LLC Interests 

1,563,916 

SFR WLIF II, LLC

LLC Interests 

3,196,246 

US GAMING LLC

LLC Interests 

2,812,212 

Sapience Therapeutics, Inc.

Senior Secured Loans 

4,000,000 

Terrestar Corp.

Senior Secured Loans 

729,979 

Terrestar Corp.

Senior Secured Loans 

172,817 

Terrestar Corp.

Senior Secured Loans 

30,875 

Terrestar Corp.

Senior Secured Loans 

28,807 

Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc.

Warrants 

Organization Costs 

Organization costs include the cost of incorporation, such as the cost of legal services and other fees pertaining to our organization. Organization costs, together with offering costs, are limited to 1 of total gross proceeds raised in the offering and are not due and payable to the Adviser to the extent they exceed that amount. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Adviser did not incur any organization costs on our behalf. 
 Offering Costs 

Our offering costs include legal fees, promotional costs and other costs pertaining to the public offering of our shares of common stock and are capitalized and amortized to expense over one year. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Adviser incurred offering costs of 0, 0, and 0, respectively, on our behalf. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company capitalized 0, 0, and 0, respectively, of offering costs. Of the capitalized offering costs, 0, 0, and 0 were amortized to expense during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, 0 and 0 remained on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities, respectively. 
 Organization costs and offering costs are limited to 1 of total gross proceeds raised in this offering and are not due and payable to the Adviser to the extent they exceed that amount. As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative aggregate amount of 5,327,574 of organization and offering costs exceeds 1 of total proceeds raised. Subsequent to the termination of the Offering, the Adviser forfeited the right to reimbursement of the remaining 4,305,091 of these costs. 
 Investment Transactions and Related Investment Income and Expense 

We record our investment transactions on a trade date basis, which is the date when we have determined that all material terms have been defined for the transactions. These transactions could possibly settle on a subsequent date depending on the transaction type. All related revenue and expenses attributable to these transactions are reflected on the Statements of Operations commencing on the trade date unless otherwise specified by the transaction documents. Realized gains and losses on investment transactions are recorded on the specific identification method. We accrue interest income if we expect that ultimately, we will be able to collect it. Generally, when an interest payment default occurs on a loan in our portfolio, or if our management otherwise believes that the issuer of the loan will not be able to service the loan and other obligations, we place the loan on non-accrual
 status and will cease recognizing interest income on that loan until all principal and interest is current through payment or until a restructuring occurs, such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible. However, we remain contractually entitled to this interest. We may make exceptions to this policy if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. Accrued interest is written off when it becomes probable that such interest will not be collected, and the amount of uncollectible 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 interest can be reasonably estimated. We also accrue for delayed compensation, which is a pricing adjustment payable by the parties to a secondary loan trade that closes late, intended to assure that neither party derives an economic advantage from the delay. Delayed compensation begins calculating at the loan s specific coupon rate if a trade hasn t settled within 7 business days of trading. Original issue discounts, market discounts or premiums are accreted or amortized using the effective interest method as interest income and will be accreted or amortized over the maturity period of the investments. We will record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. Dividend income, if any, will be recognized on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amount. 
 We may have investments in our portfolio that contain a PIK interest provision. Any PIK interest will be added to the principal balance of such investments and is recorded as income, if the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is collectible. In order to qualify for the special tax treatment accorded RICs and their shareholders, substantially all of our income (including PIK interest) must be distributed to stockholders in the form of dividends, even if we have not collected any cash. 
 Interest expense is recorded on an accrual basis. Certain expenses related to legal and tax consultation, due diligence, rating fees, valuation expenses and independent collateral appraisals may arise when we make certain investments.
 Loan Origination, Facility, Commitment and Amendment Fees 

We may receive fees in addition to interest income from loans during the life of the investment. We may receive origination fees upon the origination of an investment. These origination fees are initially deferred and deducted from the cost basis of the investment and subsequently accreted into income over the term of the loan. We may receive facility, commitment and amendment fees, which are paid to us on an ongoing basis. Facility fees, sometimes referred to as asset management fees, are accrued as a percentage periodic fee on the base amount (either the funded facility amount or the committed principal amount). Commitment fees are based upon the undrawn portion committed by us and are recorded on an accrual basis. Amendment fees are paid in connection with loan amendments and waivers and are accounted for upon completion of the amendments or waivers, generally when such fees are receivable. Any such fees are included in other income on the Statements of Operations. 
 Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation 

We measure net realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, but considering unamortized upfront fees and prepayment penalties. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation will reflect the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized. 
 U.S. Federal Income Taxes 

We have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and intend each year to qualify and be eligible to be treated as such. As a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level
 federal income taxes on any investment company taxable income or net capital gains that we distribute as dividends to our stockholders. In order to qualify for the special tax treatment accorded RICs and their shareholders, we must meet certain gross income, diversification, and distribution requirements.
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Please refer to Note 2 to the financial statements included herein for discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 We are subject to financial market risks, most significantly changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2021, 63 (based on fair value) of the investments in our portfolio had floating interest rates. These investments are usually based on a floating LIBOR and typically have interest rate reset provisions that adjust applicable interest rates under such loans to current market rates on a monthly or quarterly basis. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the TRS which expired on June 10, 2020, we paid fees to BNP Paribas a rate equal to one-month
 LIBOR plus 2.00 per annum on the utilized notional amount of the loans subject to the TRS in exchange for the right to receive the economic benefit of a pool of loans having a maximum notional market value amount of 60,000,000. Pursuant to the terms of the Financing Arrangement, which was paid down and closed on April 15, 2020, we paid fees to the BNPP entities at floating rate based on the asset type, but generally one-month
 LIBOR plus 1.30 per annum on the amount borrowed. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 To the extent that any present or future credit facilities or other financing arrangements that we or any of our subsidiaries enter into are based on a floating interest rate, we will be subject to risks relating to changes in market interest rates. In periods of rising interest rates when we or our subsidiaries have such debt outstanding, or financing arrangements in effect, our interest expense would increase, which could reduce our net investment income, especially to the extent we hold fixed rate investments. 
 A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments, especially to the extent that we predominantly hold variable-rate investments, and to declines in the value of any fixed- rate investments we hold. To the extent that a majority of our investments may be in variable-rate investments, an increase in interest rates could make it easier for us to meet or exceed the hurdle rate for the income incentive fee payable to the Adviser and may result in a substantial increase in our net investment income, and also to the amount of incentive fees payable to our Adviser with respect to our increasing pre-incentive
 fee net investment income. 
 In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that regulates LIBOR) announced it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC has proposed the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the recommended alternative to USD-LIBOR
 for use in derivatives and other financial contracts that are currently indexed to USD-LIBOR.
 ARRC has proposed a paced market transition plan to SOFR from USD-LIBOR
 and organizations are currently working on industry wide and company specific transition plans as it relates to derivatives and cash markets exposed to USD-LIBOR.
 We have material contracts that are indexed to USD-LIBOR
 and are monitoring this activity and evaluating the related risks. Please refer to LIBOR Transition and Associated Risk for more information. 
 In connection with the COVID-19
 pandemic, the Fed and other central banks have reduced certain interest rates and LIBOR has decreased. A prolonged reduction in interest rates will reduce our gross investment income and could result in a decrease in our net investment income if such decreases in LIBOR are not offset by a corresponding increase in the spread over LIBOR that we earn on any portfolio investments, a decrease in in our operating expenses, including with respect to our income incentive fee, or a decrease in the interest rate of our floating interest rate liabilities tied to LIBOR. 
 Assuming that the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022, were to remain constant and that we took no actions to alter our existing interest rate sensitivity, the following table shows the annualized impact of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates. 

Change in interest rates 

Increase (decrease) in interest income

(Increase) decrease in interest expense

Increase (decrease) in NII

Down 25 basis points

Up 50 basis points

73,180 

73,180 

Up 100 basis points

146,361 

146,361 

Up 200 basis points

292,721 

292,721 

Up 300 basis points

439,082 

439,082 
 Although we believe that this analysis is indicative of our existing sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not adjust for changes in the credit market, credit quality, the size and composition of the assets in our portfolio and other business developments, including borrowing under future credit facilities or other borrowing. Accordingly, we can offer no assurances that actual results would not differ materially from the analysis above. 
 We may in the future hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as interest rate swaps, futures, options and forward contracts to the limited extent permitted under the 1940 Act and applicable commodities laws. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to the investments in our portfolio with fixed interest rates. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Statements of Assets and Liabilities 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Assets

Unaffiliated investments, at fair value (cost of and , respectively)

Affiliated investments, at fair value (cost of and , respectively) (1)

Cash and cash equivalents

Receivable for investments sold

Dividends and interest receivable

Receivable from Adviser (2)

Prepaid expenses

Total assets

Liabilities

Payable for investments purchased

Payable to Adviser (2)

Accrued expenses and other liabilities

Distributions payable

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (3)

Net assets

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding)

Common stock, par value shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively)

Paid-in
 capital in excess of par

Distributable earnings (accumulated loss)

() 

() 

Total net assets

Net asset value per share of common stock

(1)
 
 See Note 10 for a discussion of affiliated investments. 

(2)
 
 See Note 4 for a discussion of related party transactions and arrangements. 

(3)
 
 See Note 4 and Note 8 for a discussion of the commitments and contingencies of the Company (as defined in Note 1). 
 
 See Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Investment income:

Interest

Interest paid-in-kind

Dividend income from unaffiliated investments

Dividend income from affiliated investments (1)

Other fee income

Total investment income

Expenses:

Investment advisory fees (2)

Custodian and accounting service fees

Administration fees (2)

Stock transfer fee

Audit and tax fees

Other expenses

Reports to stockholders

Legal fees

Directors fees (2)

Interest expense and commitment fees (3)

Total expenses

Expenses (waived) or recouped by the Adviser (2)

() 

() 

() 

Net expenses

Net investment income

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments:

Net realized gain (loss) on:

Unaffiliated investments

() 

() 
 
 Affiliated investments (1)

() 
 
 Total return swaps (4)

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on:

Unaffiliated investments

() 

Affiliated investments (1)

() 

() 
 
 Total return swaps (4)

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses)

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations

() 

() 

Per share information - basic and diluted per common share

Net investment income:

Earnings (loss) per share:

() 

() 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding:

(1)
 
 See Note 10 for a discussion of affiliated inve stments.

(2)
 
 See Note 4 for a discussion of related party transactions and arrangements. 

(3)
 
 See Note 7 for a discussion of credit facility. 

(4)
 
 See Note 7 for a discussion of total return swaps. 
 
 See Notes to Finan
cial Statements 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Statements of Changes in Net Assets 

Common Stock

Paid in Capital in Excess of Par

Distributable Earnings

Total Net Assets

Shares

Par Amount

Balance at December 31, 2019

() 

Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations

Net investment income

Net realized gain (loss) on investments

() 

() 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) on total return swaps (1)

() 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (1)

Shareholder distributions:

Issuance of common stock

Repurchase of common stock

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Reinvestment of common stock

Distributions to stockholders from net investment income

() 

() 

Total increase (decrease) for the year ended December 31, 2020

() 

() 

Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with GAAP

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020

() 

Distributions to stockholders per share

(1)
 
 See Note 7 for a discussion on Total Return Swaps. 
 
 See Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Statements of Changes in Net Assets 

Common Stock

Paid in Capital in Excess of Par

Distributable Earnings

Total Net Assets

Shares

Par Amount

Balance at December 31, 2020

() 

Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations

Net investment income

Net realized gain (loss) on investments

() 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments

Shareholder distributions:

Issuance of common stock

Repurchase of common stock

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Reinvestment of common stock

Distributions to stockholders from net investment income

() 

() 

Total increase (decrease) for the year ended December 31, 2021

() 

() 

() 

() 

Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with GAAP

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021

() 

Distributions to stockholders per share

See Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Statements of Changes in Net Assets 

Common Stock

Paid in Capital in Excess of Par

Distributable Earnings

Total Net Assets

Shares

Par Amount

Balance at December 31, 2021

() 

Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations

Net investment income

Net realized gain (loss) on investments

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments

() 

() 
 
 Shareholder distributions:

Issuance of common stock

Repurchase of common stock

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Reinvestment of common stock

Distributions to stockholders from net investment income

() 

() 
 
 Distributions to stockholders from return of capital

() 

() 

Total increase (decrease) for the year ended December 31, 2022

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with GAAP

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022

() 

Distributions to stockholders per share

See Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:

Purchases of investment securities

() 

() 

() 
 
 Payment-in-kind

 investments

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sales and principal repayments of investment securities

Net realized (gain) loss on Unaffiliated investments

() 

Net realized (gain) loss on Affiliated investments

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments

() 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on total return swaps

() 
 
 Amortization of premium/discount, net

() 

() 

() 
 
 Change in operating assets and liabilities:

(Increase) decrease in receivable for investments sold

() 

(Increase) decrease in dividends and interest receivable

() 

(Increase) decrease in receivable from Adviser

() 
 
 (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses

() 

() 

(Increase) decrease in due from counterparty

Increase (decrease) in payable for investments purchased

() 

() 
 
 Increase (decrease) in payable to Adviser

() 

() 

() 
 
 Increase (decrease) in interest expense and commitment fees payable

() 
 
 Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities

() 

() 
 
 Increase (decrease) in payable on total return swap

() 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities

Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities

Repurchase of common stock, net of payable

() 

() 

() 
 
 Distributions paid in cash

() 

() 

() 
 
 (Decrease) in credit facilities payable

() 
 
 Increase in credit facilities payable

Net cash flows (used in) financing activities

() 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents

Beginning of the year

End of the year

Supplemental disclosure and non-cash
 financing activities

Paid-in-kind

 interest income

Cash paid during the period for interest

Reinvestment of distributions paid

Local and excise taxes paid

See Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Schedule of Investments 

 As of December 31, 2022 

Portfolio Company (1)(2)

Interest Rate

Base Rate Floor

Maturity Date

Principal Amount

Amortized Cost (3)

Fair Value

Senior Secured Loans 26.5 (4)

Healthcare 24.5 

(First Lien Term Loan) 
 5) (6)

(First Lien Term Loan) (7)

(First Lien Term Loan) (8) (9)

(Second Lien Term Loan) (7)

(First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan)

(First Lien Term Loan) (10)

(First Lien Term Loan) (10)

(First Lien Term Loan) (6)

(Second Lien Term Loan) (10)

(First Lien Term Loan) (7)

Telecommunication Services 2.0 

(First Lien Term Loan H) (8) (9)

(First Lien Term Loan F) (8) (9)

(First Lien Term Loan E) (8) (9)

(First Lien Term Loan G) (8) (9)

Total Senior Secured Loans

Asset-Backed Securities 0.0 

Financials 0.0 

(5) (8) (9) (11) (12) (13)

(5) (8) (9) (11) (13) (14)

Total Asset-Backed Securities

Corporate Bonds 5.0 

Healthcare 4.5 

(11)

Media/Telecommunications 0.5 

(5)

(5)

Total Corporate Bonds

Shares

Common Stocks 36.3 

Chemicals 0.1 

(15)

Energy 3.0 

Financials 3.2 

(8) (9) (15)

Real Estate 18.6 

(16)

(8) (9)

Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) 1.9 

(5) (16)

See Notes to Financial Statements.

87 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Schedule of Investments (continued) 

 As of December 31, 2022 

Service 0.0 

(8) (9) (15)

Telecommunication Services 9.5 

(8) (9) (15)

Total Common Stocks

LLC Interests 8.7 

Consumer Products 5.7 

(8) (9) (15)

Real Estate 3.0 

(8) (9) (16)

(8) (9) (16)

Total LLC Interests

Preferred Dividend Rate

Preferred Stocks 22.3 

Financials 2.7 

Healthcare 19.6 

(8) (9)

(Series C-2) (8) (9)

(Series B Preferred Shares) (8) (9)

(Series B-1 Preferred Shares) (8) (9)

Total Preferred Stocks

Warrants 0.4 

Energy 0.3 

(15)

(15)

Media/Telecommunications 0.1 

(5) (15)

Total Warrants

Total Investments- 99.2 

Cash Equivalents 2.6 (17)

Other Assets Liabilities, net- (1.8 

() 

Net Assets- 100.0 

(1)
 
 Unless otherwise noted, the Company did not control and was not an affiliated person of any of its portfolio companies, each as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). In general, under the 1940 Act, the Company would be presumed to control a portfolio company if it owned or more of its voting securities or had the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company, and would be an affiliated person of a portfolio company if it owned or more of its voting securities. Additionally, companies under common control (e.g., companies with a common owner of greater than 25 of their respective voting securities) are affiliates under the 1940 Act. 

(2)
 
 All investments are denominated in United States Dollars. 

(3)
 
 Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on investments. 

(4)
 
 Senior secured loans in which the Company invests generally pay interest at rates which are periodically determined by reference to a base lending rate plus a spread (unless otherwise identified, all senior secured loans carry a variable rate of interest). These base lending rates are generally (i) the Prime Rate offered by one or more major United States banks, (ii) the lending rate offered by one or more European banks such as the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or (iii) the coupon rate. Rate shown represents the actual rate at December 31, 2022. Senior secured loans, while exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act ), contain certain restrictions on resale and cannot be sold publicly. Senior secured floating rate loans often require prepayments from excess cash flow or permit the borrower to repay at its election. The degree to which borrowers repay, whether as a contractual requirement or at their election, cannot be predicted with accuracy. As a result, the actual remaining maturity may be 
substantially less than the stated maturity shown. 

(5)
 
 The investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55 of the 1940 Act. A business development company, such as the Company BDC ), may not acquire any asset other than a qualifying asset, unless at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the business development company s total assets. Non-qualifying
 assets represented of the Company s total assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 See Notes to Financial Statements.

88 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Schedule of Investments (continued) 

 As of December 31, 2022 

(6)
 
 The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 6-Month
 LIBOR, which at December 31, 2022 was . The LIBOR rate used to calculate interest is the higher of the prevailing 6 month LIBOR rate in effect on the date of the semiannual reset, or the LIBOR base rate floor shown. 

(7)
 
 The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 3-Month
 LIBOR, which at December 31, 2022 was . The LIBOR rate used to calculate interest is the higher of the prevailing 3 month LIBOR rate in effect on the date of the quarterly reset, or the LIBOR base rate floor shown. 

(8)
 
 Represents fair value as determined by the Adviser pursuant to the policies and procedures approved by the Board of Trustees (the Board ). The Board has designated the Adviser as valuation designee for the Company pursuant to Rule 2a-5
 of the 1940 Act. The Adviser considers fair valued securities to be securities for which market quotations are not readily available and these securities may be valued using a combination of observable and unobservable inputs. Securities with a total aggregate value of or of net assets were fair valued under the Company s valuation procedures as of December 31, 2022. 

(9)
 
 Classified as Level 3 within the three-tier fair value hierarchy. Please see Note 2 for an explanation of this hierarchy, as well as a list of unobservable inputs used in the valuation of these instruments. 

(10)
 
 The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 1-Month
 LIBOR, which at December 31, 2022 was . The LIBOR rate used to calculate interest is the higher of the prevailing 1 month LIBOR rate in effect on the date of the monthly reset, or the LIBOR base rate floor shown. 

(11)
 
 Securities exempt from registration under Rule 144A of the Securities Act. These securities may only be resold in transactions exempt from registration to qualified institutional buyers. As of December 31, 2022, these securities amounted to , or of net assets. 

(12)
 
 The investment is considered to be the equity tranche of the issuer. 

(13)
 
 Securities of collateralized loan obligations where an affiliate of the Adviser serves as collateral manager. 

(14)
 
 The issuer is in default of its payment obligation, or is in danger of default. 

(15)
 
 Non-income
 producing security. 

(16)
 
 Represents an affiliated issuer. Assets with a total aggregate market value of , or of net assets, were affiliated with the Company as of December 31, 2022. See Note 10. 

(17)
 
 State Street U.S. Government Money Market Fund. 
 Glossary 

PIK
 
 Payment-in-Kind

See Notes to Financial Statements.

89 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Schedule of Investments 

 As of December 31, 2021 

Portfolio Company (1)(2)

Interest Rate

Base Rate Floor

Maturity Date

Principal Amount

Amortized Cost (3)

Fair Value

Senior Secured Loans 40.1 

 (4)

Healthcare 38.6 

(First Lien Term Loan) (5) (6)

(First Lien Term Loan) (7)

(Second Lien Term Loan) (7)

(First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan)

(First Lien Term Loan) (5)

(First Lien Term Loan) (5)

(First Lien Term Loan) (5)

(First Lien Term Loan) (7)

(First Lien Term Loan) (8)(9)

(Second Lien Term Loan) (5)

(First Lien Term Loan) (5)

Telecommunication Services 1.5 

(First Lien Term Loan E) (8) (9)

(First Lien Term Loan F) (8) (9)

(First Lien Term Loan G) (8) (9)

(First Lien Term Loan H) (8) (9)

Total Senior Secured Loans

Asset-Backed Securities 0.6 

Financials 0.6 

(6) (8) (9) (10) (11) (12) (13)

(6) (8) (9) (10) (12) (13)

Total Asset-Backed Securities

Corporate Bonds 10.9 

Healthcare 10.3 

(10)

(6) (10)

Media/Telecommunications 0.6 

(6)

(6)

Total Corporate Bonds

Shares

Common Stocks 29.1 

Chemicals 0.1 

(14)

Energy 1.7 

Financials 3.5 

(8) (9) (14)

Healthcare 0.7 

(6) (14) (15)

Real Estate 12.5 

(8) (9)

(16)

See Notes to Financial Statements.

90 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Schedule of Investments (continued) 

 As of December 31, 2021 

Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) 3.1 

(6) (16)

Service 0.0 

(8) (9) (14)

Telecommunication Services 7.5 

(8) (9) (14)

Total Common Stocks

LLC Interests 12.0 

Consumer Products 4.5 

(8) (9) (14)

Real Estate 7.5 

(8) (9) (16)

(8) (9) (16)

Total LLC Interests

Preferred Dividend Rate

Preferred Stocks 2.7 

Financials 2.7 

Total Preferred Stocks

Warrants 0.3 

Energy 0.2 

(14)

(14)

Healthcare 0.0 

(8) (9) (14)

Media/Telecommunications 0.1 

(6) (14)

Total Warrants

Total Investments- 95.7 

Cash Equivalents 4.3 (17)

Other Assets Liabilities, net 0.0 

() 

Net Assets- 100.0 

(1)
 
 Unless otherwise noted, the Company did not control and was not an affiliated person of any of its portfolio companies, each as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). In general, under the 1940 Act, the Company would be presumed to control a portfolio company if it owned or more of its voting securities or had the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company, and would be an affiliated person of a portfolio company if it owned or more of its voting securities. Additionally, companies under common control (e.g., companies with a common owner of greater than 25 of their respective voting securities) are affiliates under the 1940 Act. 

(2)
 
 All investments are denominated in United States Dollars. 

(3)
 
 Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on investments. 

(4)
 
 Senior secured loans in which the Company invests generally pay interest at rates which are periodically determined by reference to a base lending rate plus a spread (unless otherwise identified, all senior secured loans carry a variable rate of interest). These base lending rates are generally (i) the Prime Rate offered by one or more major United States banks, (ii) the lending rate offered by one or more European banks such as the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or (iii) the coupon rate. Rate shown represents the actual rate at December 31, 2021. Senior secured loans, while exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act ), contain certain restrictions on resale and cannot be sold publicly. Senior secured floating rate loans often require prepayments from excess cash flow or permit the borrower to repay at its election. The degree to which borrowers repay, whether as a contractual requirement or at their election, cannot be predicted with accuracy. As a result, the actual remaining maturity may be substantially less than the stated maturity shown. 

(5)
 
 The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 1-Month
 LIBOR, which at December 31, 2021 was . The LIBOR rate used to calculate interest is the higher of the prevailing 1 month LIBOR rate in effect on the date of the monthly reset, or the base rate floor shown. 

(6)
 
 The investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55 of the 1940 Act. A business development company, such as the Company BDC ), may not acquire any asset other than a qualifying asset, unless at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the business development company s total assets. Non-qualifying
 assets represented of the Company s total assets as of December 31, 2021. 

(7)
 
 The interest rate on these investments is subject to a base rate of 3-Month
 LIBOR, which at December 31, 2021 was . The LIBOR rate used to calculate interest is the higher of the prevailing 3 month LIBOR rate in effect on the date of the quarterly reset, or the base rate floor shown. 
 
 See Notes to Financial Statements.

91 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Schedule of Investments (continued) 

 As of December 31, 2021 

(8)
 
 Represents fair value as determined by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), or its designee in good faith, pursuant to the policies and procedures approved by the Board. The Board considers fair valued securities to be securities for which market quotations are not readily available and these securities may be valued using a combination of observable and unobservable inputs. Securities with a total aggregate value of or of net assets were fair valued under the Company s valuation procedures as of December 31, 2021. 

(9)
 
 Classified as Level 3 within the three-tier fair value hierarchy. Please see Note 2 for an explanation of this hierarchy, as well as a list of unobservable inputs used in the valuation of these instruments. 

(10)
 
 Securities exempt from registration under Rule 144A of the 1933 Act. These securities may only be resold in transactions exempt from registration to qualified institutional buyers. As of December 31, 2021, these securities amounted to , or of net assets. 

(11)
 
 The investment is considered to be the equity tranche of the issuer. 

(12)
 
 Securities of collateralized loan obligations where an affiliate of the Adviser serves as collateral manager. 

(13)
 
 The issuer is in default of its payment obligation, or is in danger of default. 

(14)
 
 Non-income
 producing security. 

(15)
 
 Securities exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), and may be deemed to be restricted securities under the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate fair value of these securities is or of the Company s net assets. The acquisition dates of the restricted securities are as follows:

Investment

Acquition Date

Amryt Pharma, PLC Common Stock 

(16)
 
 Represents an affiliated issuer. Assets with a total aggregate fair value of , or of net assets, were affiliated with the Company as of December 31, 2021. See Note 10. 

(17)
 
 State Street U.S. Government Money Market Fund .

 Glossary 

PIK
 
 Payment-in-Kind

See Notes to Financial Statements.

92 

Table of Contents 

NexPoint Capital, Inc. 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

 million in connection with a private placement with NexPoint Advisors, L.P. (the Adviser ), our external advisor. In aggregate as of December 31, 2022, the Adviser controls total shares of common stock (or of the Company, including reinvestment of dividends, for a net amount of approximately million. 
 The Company has retained the Adviser to manage certain aspects of its affairs on a day-to-day

 basis. NexPoint Securities, Inc. (the Dealer Manager ), an entity under common ownership with the Adviser, served as the dealer manager of the Company s continuous public offering prior to the termination of the offering. The Adviser and Dealer Manager are related parties and will receive fees and other compensation for services related to the investment and management of the Company s assets and the continuous public offering. The Company s continuous public offering ended on February 14, 2018. 

and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and was held in the State Street U.S. Government Money Market Fund, and and was held in a custodial account with State Street Bank and Trust Company, respectively. 
 t have any securities sold short. 
 When securities are sold short, the Company intends to limit exposure to a possible market decline in the value of its portfolio companies through short sales of securities that the Adviser believes possess volatility characteristics similar to those being hedged. In addition, the Company may use short sales for non-hedging
 purposes to pursue its investment objective. Subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act and the Code, the Company will not make a short sale if, after giving effect to such sale, the market value of all securities sold short by the Company exceeds of the value of its total assets. 
 , and of fee income, respectively. 

PAMCO CLO 1997-1A
 B

American Banknote Corp.

IQHQ, Inc.

TerreStar Corp.

Wayne Services Legacy, Inc.

NexPoint Capital REIT, LLC

SFR WLIF III, LLC

US Gaming, LLC

Apnimed, Inc.

Apnimed, Inc.

Sapience Therapeutics, Inc.

Sapience Therapeutics, Inc.

CCS Medical, Inc.

TerreStar Corp.

TerreStar Corp.

TerreStar Corp.

TerreStar Corp.

As of December 31, 2021, the Company held the following investments for which a sufficient level of current, reliable market quotations were not available: 

Instrument

Type

Fair value

Grayson Investor Corp.

PAMCO CLO 1997-1A
 B

IQHQ, Inc.

TerreStar Corp.

Wayne Services Legacy Inc.

SFR WLIF III, LLC

SFR WLIF II, LLC

US Gaming, LLC

Sapience Therapeutics, Inc

TerreStar Corp.

TerreStar Corp.

TerreStar Corp.

TerreStar Corp.

Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc.

Determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to the Company s financial statements will refer to the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, in the Company s financial statements. Below is a description of factors that the Adviser and the Valuation Committee may consider when valuing the Company s debt and equity investments. 
 Valuation of fixed income investments, such as loans and debt securities, depends upon a number of factors, including prevailing interest rates for like securities, expected volatility in future interest rates, call features, put features and other relevant terms of the debt. For investments without readily available market prices, the Company may incorporate these factors into discounted cash flow models to arrive at fair value. Other factors that the Adviser and the Valuation Committee may consider include the borrower s ability to adequately service its debt, the fair market value of the portfolio company in relation to the face amount of its outstanding debt and the quality of collateral securing the Company s debt investments. 
 The Company s equity investments in portfolio companies for which there is no liquid public market will be valued at fair value. The Adviser and the Valuation Committee, in its analysis of fair value, may consider various factors, such as multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), cash flows, net income, revenues or, in limited instances, book value or liquidation value. All of these factors may be subject to adjustments based upon the particular circumstances of a portfolio company or the Company s actual investment position. For example, adjustments to EBITDA may take into account compensation to previous owners or acquisition, recapitalization, restructuring or other related items. 
 The Adviser and the Valuation Committee may also look to private merger and acquisition statistics, public trading multiples discounted for illiquidity and other factors, valuations implied by third-party investments in the portfolio companies or industry practices in determining fair value. The Adviser and the Valuation Committee may also consider the size and scope of a portfolio company and its specific strengths and weaknesses, as well as any other factors it deems relevant in assessing the value. Generally, the value of the Company s equity interests in public companies for which market quotations are readily available will be based upon the most recent closing public market price. 
 If the Company receives warrants or other equity-linked securities at nominal or no additional cost in connection with an investment in a debt security, the Company will allocate the cost basis in the investment between the debt securities and any such warrants or other equity-linked securities received at the time of origination. The Adviser and the Valuation Committee will subsequently value these warrants or other equity-linked securities received at fair value. 
 As applicable, the Company values its Level 2 assets by using the midpoint of the prevailing bid and ask prices from dealers on the date of the relevant period end, which is provided by an independent third-party pricing service and screened for validity by such service. For investments for which the third-party pricing service is unable to obtain quoted prices, the Company obtains bid and ask prices directly from dealers who make a market in such investments. 

Telecommunication Services

Asset-Backed Securities

Financials

Corporate Bonds

Healthcare

Media/Telecommunications

Common Stocks

Chemicals

Energy

Financials

Real Estate

Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Service

Telecommunication Services

LLC Interests

Consumer Products

Real Estate

Preferred Stocks

Financials

Healthcare

Warrants

Energy

Media/Telecommunications

Total Assets

Total Investments

December 31, 2021

Investments

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Assets

Senior Secured Loans

Healthcare

Telecommunication Services

Asset-Backed Securities

Financials

Corporate Bonds

Healthcare

Media/Telecommunications

Common Stocks

Chemicals

Energy

Financials

Healthcare

Real Estate

Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Service

Telecommunication Services

LLC Interests

Consumer Products

Real Estate

Preferred Stocks

Financials

Warrants

Energy

Healthcare (1)

Media/Telecommunications

Total Assets

Total Investments

(1)

() 

() 
 
 Healthcare

() 

Asset-Backed Securities

Financials

() 

() 

() 
 
 Common Stocks

Financials

() 

() 
 
 Real Estate

() 

() 

Service

() 

() 
 
 Telecommunication Services

LLC Interests

Consumer Products

Real Estate

() 

() 

Preferred Stocks

Healthcare

Total

() 

() 

The table below sets forth a summary of changes in the Company s Level 3 investments (measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Investments:

Balance as of December 31, 2020

Transfers into Level 3

Transfer out of Level 3

Net amortization (accretion) of premium/ (discount)

Distribution to Return Capital

Net realized gains/ (losses)

Net change in unrealized gains/ (losses)

Purchases/ PIK

(Sales and redemptions)

Balance as of December 31, 2021

Change in unrealized gain/(loss) on Level 3 securities still held at period end

Assets

Senior Secured Loans

Telecommunication Services

Healthcare

Asset-Backed Securities

Financials

() 

() 

Common Stocks

Chemical

() 

Financials

Healthcare

() 

() 

Real Estate

Retail

() 

() 

Service

() 

() 
 
 Telecommunication Services

LLC Interests

Consumer Products

Real Estate

Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

() 

() 

Warrants

Healthcare

() 

() 

Total

() 

() 

() 

() 

Investments designated as Level 3 may include investments valued using quotes or indications furnished by brokers which are based on models or estimates and may not be executable prices. In light of the developing market conditions, the Adviser continues to search for observable data points and evaluate broker quotes and indications received for investments. Determination of fair values is uncertain because it involves subjective judgments and estimates that are unobservable. Transfers from Level 2 to Level 3 are due to a decrease in market activity (e.g. frequency of trades), which resulted in a decrease of available market inputs to determine price. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were 0 transfers from Level 2 to Level 3. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no transfers from Level 2 to Level 3. Transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 and from Level 2 to Level 1 are due to an increase in market activity (e.g. frequency of trades), which resulted in an increase of available market inputs to determine price. 

- 
 ()

x - 
x 
x)

Preferred Stock

- 

Common Stock

N/A

- ()

 x - x 
x)
 - 
 - - 

Senior Secured Loans

- 
 
 Asset-Backed Securities

Total

Investment

Fair value at

 December 31, 2021

Valuation

 technique

Unobservable

 inputs

Range of input value(s)

 (weighted average)

LLC Interest

N/A

- 
 N/A
 x - x x)

Common Stock

- x - x x)
 - x - x x)
 
 - 
 
 Senior Secured Loans

N/A

Asset-Backed Securities

Various

Warrants

Total

The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s LLC interests are: discount rate and multiples of EBITDA. Significant increases (decreases) in those inputs in isolation could result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s common equity securities are: multiple of EBITDA, price/MHz-PoP
 multiple, liquidity discount, discount rate, enterprise value, and transaction price. Significant increases (decreases) in any of those inputs in isolation could result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s bank loan securities are: discount rate and spread adjustment. Significant increases (decreases) in either of those inputs in isolation could result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 

t hold options. 

of total gross proceeds raised and are not due and payable to the Adviser to the extent they exceed that amount. Please refer to Note 4 for additional information on Organization and Offering Costs. 
 , , and were paid for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

() 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding

Earnings (loss) per common share-basic and diluted

() 

() per share of the Company s common stock to the stockholders of record at each quarter end. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

Real Estate

Telecommunication Services

Consumer Products

Financials

Energy

Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Media/Telecommunications

Chemicals

Service

Total Assets

The following table shows the composition of the Company s invested assets by industry classification at fair value at December 31, 2021: 

Fair value

Percentage

Assets

Healthcare

Real Estate

Telecommunication Services

Financials

Consumer Products

Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Energy

Media/Telecommunications

Chemicals

Service

Total Assets

Senior Secured Loans Second Lien

Asset-Backed Securities

Corporate Bonds

Common Stocks

LLC Interests

Preferred Stocks

Warrants

Total Assets

The following table summarizes the amortized cost and the fair value of the Company s invested assets by class of financial asset as of December 31, 2021: 

Amortized Cost

Fair value

Percentage of Portfolio (at Fair Value)

Assets

Senior Secured Loans First Lien

Senior Secured Loans Second Lien

Asset-Backed Securities

Corporate Bonds

Common Stocks

LLC Interests

Preferred Stocks

Warrants

Total Assets

Luxembourg (1)

United States

Total Assets

(1)

The following table shows the composition of the Company s invested assets by geographic classification at December 31, 2021: 

Geography

Fair value

Percentage

Assets

Cayman Islands (1)

Great Britain (1)

Luxembourg (1)

United States

Total Assets

(1)
 
 Investment denominated in USD. 
 of the average value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters and (b) an incentive fee based on the Company s performance. Effective June 5, 2017, the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement were amended to exclude cash and cash equivalents from the calculation of gross assets for the purpose of calculating investment advisory and administration fees. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred investment advisory fees payable to the Adviser of , and , respectively. Amounts waived for investment advisory fees or administrative fees pertaining to periods prior to June 10, 2016 are not recoupable, but amounts waived for investment advisory fees or administrative fees pertaining to periods from and after June 10, 2016 are subject to recoupment by the Adviser within three years from the date that such fees were otherwise payable, provided that the recoupment will be limited to the amount of such voluntarily waived fees from and after June 10, 2016 and will not cause the sum of the Company s investment advisory fees, administration fees, Other Expenses (as defined under Expense Limits and Reimbursements below), and any recoupment to exceed the annual rate of of average gross assets. Effective December 20, 2017, the Adviser ended its voluntary waiver of advisory fees. 
 Incentive Fee 

The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first part, which is referred to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears, and equals of pre-incentive
 fee net investment income for the immediately preceding quarter and is subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on the Company s net assets, as defined in the Investment Advisory Agreement, equal to per quarter. As a result, the Adviser will not earn this incentive fee for any quarter until the Company s pre-incentive
 fee net investment income for such quarter exceeds the hurdle rate of . Once the Company s pre-incentive
 fee net investment income in any quarter exceeds the hurdle rate, the Adviser will be entitled to a catch-up 
 fee equal to 

of the Company s net assets at the end of such quarter. This catch-up 
 feature allows the Adviser to recoup the fees foregone as a result of the existence of the hurdle rate in that quarter. Thereafter, the Adviser will receive of the Company s pre-incentive
 fee net investment income from the quarter. 
 The second part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the incentive fee on capital gains, is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement). This fee equals of the Company s incentive fee capital gains, which will equal the Company s realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from formation, calculated as of the end of the applicable period, computed net of all realized capital losses (proceeds less amortized cost) and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. The Company will accrue for the capital gains incentive fee, which, if earned, will be paid annually. The Company will accrue for the capital gains incentive fee based on net realized and unrealized gains; however, under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the fee payable to the Adviser will be based on realized gains and no such fee will be payable with respect to unrealized gains unless and until such gains are actually realized. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred , and recognized a reduction of of incentive fees on capital gains, respectively. Since inception, the Company has accrued of incentive fees on capital gains in aggregate. Effective December 20, 2017, the Adviser ended its voluntary waiver of incentive fees. such fees have been paid with respect to realized gains to the Adviser as of December 31, 2022. 
 Administration Fee 

Pursuant to the Administration Agreement with the Adviser, the Company also reimburses the Adviser for expenses necessary for its performance of services related to the Company s administration and operations. The amount of the reimbursement will be the lesser of (1) the Company s allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Adviser in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement and (2) of the Company s average gross assets, (excluding cash and cash equivalents). The Adviser is required to allocate the cost of such services to the Company based on objective factors such as assets, revenues, time allocations and/or other reasonable metrics. The Board assesses the reasonableness of such reimbursements based on the breadth, depth and quality of such services as compared to the estimated cost to the Company of obtaining similar services from third-party service providers known to be available. In addition, the Board will consider whether any single third-party service provider would be capable of providing all such services at comparable cost and quality. Finally, the Board will compare the total amount paid to the Adviser for such services as a percentage of the Company s net assets to the same ratio as reported by other comparable BDCs. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred administration fees payable to the Adviser of , and , respectively. Amounts waived for management fees or administrative services expenses pertaining to periods prior to June 10, 2016 are not recoupable, but amounts waived for management fees or administrative services, expenses pertaining to periods from and after June 10, 2016 are subject to recoupment by the Adviser within three years from the date that such fees were otherwise payable, provided that the recoupment will be limited to the amount of such voluntarily waived fees from and after June 10, 2016 and will not cause the sum of the Company s advisory fees, administration fees, Other Expenses, and any recoupment to exceed the annual rate of of average gross assets. Effective December 20, 2017, the Adviser ended its voluntary waiver of administration fees. 
 Organization and Offering Costs 

Organization costs include the cost of incorporating, such as the cost of legal services and other fees pertaining to our organization, and are paid by the Adviser. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Adviser did not incur or pay organization costs on our behalf. 
 Offering costs include legal fees, promotional costs and other costs pertaining to the public offering of our shares of common stock, and are capitalized and amortized to expense over one year. The Company s continuous public offering ended on February 14, 2018. 

of total gross proceeds raised in the offering and are not due and payable to the Adviser to the extent they exceed that amount. As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative aggregate amount of of organization and offering costs exceeds of total proceeds raised. Subsequent to the termination of the offering, the Adviser forfeited the right to reimbursement of the remaining of these costs. 
 Fees Paid to Officers and Directors 

Each director who oversees all of the portfolios in the Fund Complex receives an annual retainer of payable in quarterly installments and allocated among each portfolio in the Fund Complex based on relative net assets. The annual retainer for a director who does not oversee all of the portfolios in the Fund Complex is prorated based on the portion of the annual retainer allocable to the portfolios overseen by such director. Directors are reimbursed for actual out-of-pocket

 expenses relating to attendance at meetings. In addition, the Chairman of the Board and the Chairman of the Audit and Qualified Legal Committee each receive an additional payment of payable in quarterly installments and allocated among each portfolio in the Fund Complex based on relative net assets. 
The Directors do not receive any separate compensation in connection with service on Committees or for attending Board or Committee Meetings. They do not have any pension or retirement plan. The Fund Complex consists of all of the RICs advised by the Adviser and any affiliates as of the period covered by this report. The Company pays no compensation to any of its officers, all of whom are employed by the Adviser, its affiliates or Skyview Group, Inc. Skyview ). 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded an expense relating to director fees of , and , respectively, which represents the allocation of the director fees to the Company. As of December 31, 2022, there was expenses payable relating to director fees. 
 Expense Limits and Reimbursements 

Pursuant to an expense limitation agreement, the Adviser is contractually obligated to waive fees and, if necessary, pay or reimburse certain other expenses to limit the ordinary Other Expenses to of the quarter-end
 value of the Company s gross assets through the one year anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement (the Expense Limitation Agreement ). Under the Expense Limitation Agreement, Other Expenses are all expenses with the exception of advisor and administration fees, organization and offering costs and the following: (i) interest, taxes, dividends tied to short sales, brokerage commissions, and other expenditures which are capitalized in accordance with GAAP; (ii) expenses incurred indirectly as a result of investments in other investment companies and pooled investment vehicles; (iii) other expenses attributable to, and incurred as a result of, our investments; (iv) expenses payable to the Adviser, as administrator, for providing significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies; and (v) other extraordinary expenses (including litigation expenses) not incurred in the ordinary course of our business. The obligation will automatically renew for 
 terms unless it is terminated by the Company or the Adviser upon written notice within days of the end of the current term or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Expense Limitation Agreement will continue through at least April 30, 2023. 
 Any expenses waived or reimbursed by the Adviser pursuant to the Expense Limitation Agreement are subject to possible recoupment by the Adviser within three years from the date of the waiver or reimbursement. The recoupment by the Adviser will be limited to the amount of previously waived or reimbursed expenses and cannot cause the Company s expenses to exceed any expense limitation in place at the time of recoupment or waiver. 
 Reimbursable Expenses Table 

The cumulative total of fees waived by the Adviser under the Expense Limitation Agreement, which are recoupable as of December 31, 2022 is . This balance, and the balances in the tables below, only include amounts pertaining to the Expense Limitation Agreement, and do not include waived advisory and administration fees subject to recoupment discussed earlier in Note 4. 

September 30, 2022

June 30, 2022

March 31, 2022

The following table reflects the fee waivers and expense reimbursements due from the Adviser as of December 31, 2021, September 30, 2021, June 30, 2021 and March 31, 2021, which may become subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 

Period ended

Yearly cumulative other expense

Yearly expense limitation

Yearly cumulative expense reimbursement

Quarterly recoupable/ (recouped) amount

Recoupment eligibility expiration

December 31, 2021

September 30, 2021

June 30, 2021

March 31, 2021

The following table reflects the fee waivers and expense reimbursements due from the Adviser as of December 31, 2020, September 30, 2020, June 30, 2020 and March 31, 2020, which may become subject to recoupment by the Adviser. 

Period ended

Yearly cumulative other expense

Yearly expense limitation

Yearly cumulative expense reimbursement

Quarterly recoupable/ (recouped) amount

Recoupment eligibility expiration

December 31, 2020

September 30, 2020

June 30, 2020

() 

March 31, 2020

During the year ended December 31, 2022, of expense reimbursements that were eligible for recoupment by the Adviser expired. 
 There can be no assurance that the Expense Limitation Agreement will remain in effect or that the Adviser will reimburse any portion of the Company s expenses in future quarters not covered by the Expense Limitation Agreement. Amounts shown do not include the amounts committed by the Adviser to voluntarily reimburse the Company for unrealized losses, all of which are not recoupable. 
 Net Increase from Amounts Committed by Affiliates 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Adviser did t voluntarily reimburse the Company for unrealized losses sustained. Cumulatively since inception, the Adviser has committed to voluntarily reimburse the Company for such losses. Had these commitments not been made, since inception, the net asset value NAV as of December 31, 2022 would have been lower by approximately this amount. 

and were owed from the Adviser to the Company, respectively, largely related to the expense limitation agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company owed and , respectively, to the Adviser, largely related to advisory fees, and administration fees. 
 Indemnification 

Under the Company s organizational documents, the officers and Directors have been granted certain indemnification rights against certain liabilities that may arise out of performance of their duties to the Company. Additionally, in the normal course of business, the Company may enter into contracts with service providers that contain a variety of indemnification clauses. The Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements is dependent on future claims that may be made against the Company and, therefore, cannot be estimated. 
 of its investment company taxable income, which is generally the Company s net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses. As a RIC, the Company will not be subject to corporate-level federal income taxes on any income that it timely distributes to its stockholders. The Company intends to make distributions in an amount sufficient to maintain its RIC status each year and to avoid any federal income taxes on income so distributed. The Company will also be subject to nondeductible federal excise taxes if it does not distribute at least of net ordinary income, of any capital gain net income, if any, and any recognized and undistributed income from prior years on which it paid no federal income taxes. 
 The character of income and capital gains to be distributed is determined in accordance with the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations, and other applicable authority, which may differ from GAAP. These differences include (but are not limited to) investments organized as partnerships for tax purposes, total return swaps, loan investments, and losses deferred due to wash sale transactions. Reclassifications are made to the Company s capital accounts to reflect income and gains available for distribution (or available capital loss carryovers) under the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations, and other applicable authority. These reclassifications have no impact on net investment income, realized gains or losses, or net asset value of the Company. The calculation of net investment income per share in the Financial Highlights table excludes these adjustments. 

() 
 
 Distributions in excess of net investment income (1)

() 

Accumulated realized gains (1)

() 

(1)
 
 Amounts are included in distributable earnings (accumulated loss) on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the differences between book and tax accounting were due primarily to non-deductible
 excise taxes and partnerships, basis adjustments of loan investments, distribution re-designations
 and non-REIT
 return of capital. 

Net tax appreciation/(depreciation) 

() 

() 
 
 Undistributed capital gains

Other temporary differences 

() 

() 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had ), ) and ) of capital loss carryovers, respectively. 

Return of capital 

Long term gain 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021

() 

December 31, 2020

() 

() 

The tax adjustments that impact cost are wash sales, partnerships and basis adjustments on loan investments. 
 Uncertainty in Income Taxes 

The Company will evaluate its tax positions to determine if the tax positions taken meet the minimum recognition threshold in connection with accounting for uncertainties in income tax positions taken or expected to be taken for the purposes of measuring and recognizing tax benefits or liabilities in the financial statements. Recognition of a tax benefit or liability with respect to an uncertain tax position is required only when the position is more likely than not to be sustained assuming examination by taxing authorities. The Company s tax returns are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service for a period of three fiscal years after they are filed. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax liabilities as income tax expense in the Statements of Operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not incur any interest or penalties. Furthermore, management of the Company is also not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next 12 months. 

of the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding in the prior calendar year, or in each quarter, though the actual number of shares of common stock that the Company offers to repurchase may be less in light of the limitations noted above. The Company intends to offer to repurchase such shares of common stock at a price (i) not less than the net asset value per share (the NAV Per Share of the Company s common stock next calculated following the Expiration Date, and (ii) not more than greater than the NAV Per Share as of such date. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time, upon days notice. 
 The Company conducted its quarterly tender offer for the first quarter of 2022 from February 23, 2022, until expiration of at 4:00 p.m. New York City time, during which the Company offered to purchase for cash up to of its outstanding shares of common stock. During the first quarter tender offer, shares of the Company were tendered for repurchase, constituting approximately of the Company s outstanding shares. 
 The Company conducted its quarterly tender offer for the second quarter of 2022 from May 20, 2022, until expiration of at 4:00 p.m. New York City time, during which the Company offered to purchase for cash up to of its outstanding shares of common stock. During the second quarter tender offer, shares of the Company were tendered for repurchase,constituting approximately of the Company s outstanding shares. 
 The Company conducted its quarterly tender offer for the third quarter of 2022 from August 19, 2022, until expiration of at 4:00 p.m. New York City time, during which the Company offered to purchase for cash up to of its outstanding shares of common stock. During the third quarter tender offer, shares of the Company were tendered for repurchase, constituting approximately of the Company s outstanding shares. 
 The Company conducted its quarterly tender offer for the fourth quarter of 2022 from November 18, 2022, until expiration of at 4:00p.m. New York City time, during which the Company offered to purchase for cash up to of its outstanding shares of common stock. During the fourth quarter tender offer, shares of the Company were tendered for repurchase, constituting approximately of the Company s outstanding shares. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares as part of its death and disability repurchase program. 
 
 . The BNPP Entities have the right to cap the amount of margin loans with prior notice to the Company. The Financing Arrangement may be terminated by either the Company or the BNPP Entities with days notice. On April 15, 2020, the Financing Arrangement was paid down and closed. At December 31, 2022, there were no current outstanding or fair value amounts. 

Commitment fees

() 
 
 Amortization of financing costs

Total interest expense

Average daily amount outstanding

(1)

Weighted average interest rate

(1)

(1) 
 The Financing Arrangement with BNP was fully paid down and closed as of April 15, 2020, the average daily amount outstanding is calculated through April 15, 2020. The represents the weighted average interest rate from January 1, 2020 through April 15, 2020. 
 The Company is required to maintain asset coverage with respect to its borrowings outstanding. Asset coverage is calculated by subtracting the Company s total liabilities, not including any amount representing bank loans and senior securities, from the Company s total assets and dividing the result by the principal amount of the borrowings outstanding. 

12/31/2021

12/31/2020

12/31/2019

12/31/2018

12/31/2017

12/31/2016

12/31/2015

n/a 

12/31/2014

n/a 
 BNP Paribas Total Return Swap 

On June 13, 2017, the Company entered into the TRS with BNP Paribas over one or more loans, with a maximum aggregate notional amount of the portfolio debt securities subject to the TRS of million. The agreements between the Company and BNP Paribas, which collectively establish the TRS, are referred to herein as the TRS Agreement. 
 On April 2, 2018, the Company amended and restated the TRS Agreement with BNP Paribas. The amended and restated TRS Agreement, effective April 10, 2018 increased the maximum aggregate notional amount of the portfolio debt securities subject to the TRS to million. On June 10, 2020, the TRS expired. 
 Under the terms of the TRS, the Company or BNP Paribas were required to post additional collateral, on a dollar-for-dollar

 basis, in certain circumstances, including in the event of depreciation or appreciation in the value of the underlying loans. The limit on the additional collateral that the Company was required to post pursuant to the TRS was equal to the difference between the full notional amount of the loans underlying the TRS and the amount of cash collateral already posted by the Company. The amount of collateral required to be posted was determined primarily on the basis of the aggregate value of the underlying securities. 
 The Company had the option to terminate the TRS at any time more than one
 month prior to the TRS s scheduled termination date upon providing no less than days prior notice to BNP Paribas. 
 For purposes of the asset coverage ratio test applicable to the Company as a BDC, the Company would have treated the outstanding notional amount of the TRS, less the initial amount of any cash collateral required to be posted by the Company under the TRS, as a senior security for the life of that instrument. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has in receivable from BNP Paribas. 

unfunded debt commitments. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties that provide general indemnification. The Company s maximum exposure under these agreements is unknown, as this would involve future claims that may be made against the Company that have not occurred. The Company believes the risk of material obligations under these indemnities to be low. 

trillion in resources to small businesses, state and local governments, and individuals adversely impacted by the COVID-19
 pandemic. Further, in March 2021, the government passed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, a trillion stimulus bill to accelerate the United States recovery from the economic and health effects of the COVID-19
 pandemic. In addition, in mid-March
 2020, the Fed cut interest rates to historically low levels and announced a new round of quantitative easing, including purchases of corporate and municipal government bonds. The Fed also enacted various programs to support liquidity operations and funding in the financial markets, including expanding its reverse repurchase agreement operations, which added trillion of liquidity to the banking system; establishing swap lines with other major central banks to provide dollar funding; establishing a program to support money market funds; easing various bank capital buffers; providing funding backstops for businesses to provide bridging loans for up to four years; and providing funding to help credit flow in asset-backed securities markets. In addition, the Fed extended credit to small- and medium-sized
 businesses. As the Fed tapers or reduces the amount of securities it purchases pursuant to quantitative easing, and/or if the Fed raises the federal funds rate, there is a risk that interest rates will rise, which could expose fixed-income and related markets to heightened volatility and could cause the value of a fund s investments, and the fund s NAV, to decline, potentially suddenly and significantly. As a result, the Company may experience high redemptions and, as a result, increased portfolio turnover, which could increase the costs that the Company incurs and may negatively impact the Company s performance. There is no assurance that the U.S. government s support in response to COVID-19
 economic distress will offset the adverse impact to securities in which the Company may invest and future governmental support is not guaranteed. 

() 

() 

NexPoint Capital REIT, LLC

() 

NexPoint Real Estate Finance, Inc.

() 

() 

NexPoint Real Estate Finance Operating Partnership, LP

() 

SFR WLIF III, LLC

() 

SFR WLIF II, LLC

() (1)

() 

Total affiliated investments

() 

() 

(1)

120

Table of Contents 

Income from investment operations:

Net investment income (1)

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss)

() 

() 

() 

Total from investment operations

() 

() 

() 

Less distribution declared to common shareholders:

From net investment income

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 From net realized gains

() 

From return of capital

() 

Total distributions declared to common shareholders

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Capital share transaction

Issuance of common stock (2)

Shares tendered (1)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

(3)

Net asset value, end of period

Net asset value total return (4)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Ratio and supplemental data:

Net assets, end of period (in 000 s)

Shares outstanding, end of period

Common share information at end of period:

Ratios based on weighted average net assets of common shares:

Gross operating expenses

Fees and expenses waived or reimbursed

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net operating expenses

Net investment income (loss) before fees waived or reimbursed

Net investment income (loss) after fees waived or reimbursed

Ratio of interest and credit facility expenses to average net assets

Ratio of incentive fees to average net assets

() 
 
 Portfolio turnover rate

Asset coverage ratio

Weighted average commission rate paid (5)

(1)
 
 Per share data was calculated using weighted average shares outstanding during the period. 

(2)
 
 The continuous issuance of common stock may cause an incremental increase in net asset value per share due to the sale of shares at the then prevailing public offering price and the receipt of net proceeds per share by the Company in excess of net asset value per share on each subscription closing date. The per share data was derived by computing (i) the sum of (A) the number of shares issued in connection with subscriptions and/or distribution reinvestment on each share transaction date times (B) the differences between the net proceeds per share and the net asset value per share on each share transaction date, divided by (ii) the total shares outstanding at the end of the period. The Company s continuous public offering ended on February 14, 2018. 

(3)
 
 Amount rounds to less than 0.005 per share. 

(4)
 
 Total returns are historical and assume changes in share price and reinvestment of dividends and capital gains distributions, and assume no sales charge. Distributions, if any, are assumed for purposes of this calculation to be reinvested at prices obtained under the Company s Dividend Reinvestment Plan. Had the Adviser not absorbed a portion of expenses, total returns would have been lower. 

(5)
 
 Represents the total dollar amount of commissions paid on portfolio transactions divided by total number of portfolio shares purchased and sold for which commissions were charged. 
 
 121

Table of Contents 

Total investment income per common share

Net investment income

Net investment income per common share

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss)

() 

() 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) per common share

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations

() 

() 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share

() 

() 

Net asset value per common share at end of quarter

Quarter ended 

December 31, 2021 

September 30, 2021 

June 30, 2021 

March 31, 2021 

Total investment income

Total investment income per common share

Net investment income

() 

Net investment income per common share

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss)

() 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) per common share

() 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations

() 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share

Net asset value per common share at end of quarter

The sum of quarterly per share amounts may not equal per share amounts reported for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. This is due to changes in the number of weighted average shares outstanding and the effects of rounding for each period. 
 
 122

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 

of NexPoint 
 Capital, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities, including the schedules 

of investments, of NexPoint Capital, Inc. (the 

 Company 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements 

of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the 

Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 The Company s financial highlights included in Note 11 to the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019, and prior, were audited by other auditors whose report dated April 14, 2020, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial highlights. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s 

financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement whether due to error or fraud. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, brokers, agent banks, and issuers; when replies were not received from brokers, we performed other auditing procedures. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

123 

Table of Contents 
 C O H E N C O M PA N Y, L T D. 

 800.229.1099 | 866.818.4538 fax | cohencpa.com 

 Registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

 Valuation of Portfolio Investments Certain Level 3 Portfolio Investments in Loans, Asset Backed Securities, Common Stocks, LLC Interests and Warrants Valued Using Significant Unobservable Inputs Developed by Management 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company held investments classified as Level 3 investments under accounting principles generally accepted in United States of America. These investments are valued using various valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of investments based on the specific characteristics of the investments and certain significant unobservable inputs. The fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments was approximately 28.5 million of the Company s 53.3 million total investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022. 

 We identified the valuation of Level 3 investments as a critical audit matter because of the judgments necessary for management to select valuation techniques and to use significant unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and extensive audit effort, including the need to involve fair value specialists who possess significant valuation experience to evaluate the appropriateness of the valuation techniques and the significant unobservable inputs, when performing audit procedures to audit management s estimate of fair value of Level 3 investments. 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to valuation techniques and unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of Level 3 investments included the following, among others: 

Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation techniques used and testing the significant unobservable inputs by comparing them to external sources. 

Evaluating the appropriateness of significant changes in valuation techniques or significant unobservable inputs used in the valuations. 

Testing the accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. 

Comparing the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends. 

Performing sensitivity analysis of significant assumptions to evaluate changes in the fair value estimate. 

124 

Table of Contents 

Utilizing our fair value specialists to develop an independent estimate of the fair value in instances where the selection of valuation techniques or significant unobservable inputs were more subjective, and compared our estimates to management s estimates. 

Utilizing our fair value specialists to develop an independent fair value range for certain investments and comparison of management s estimate to each of the independently developed fair value ranges. 

Developing the independent fair value range involved testing the data used in the models and developing significant unobservable inputs in order to evaluate the reasonableness of management s fair value estimate for a portion of the Level 3 investments. 

For investments where management s process for determining the fair value was tested, professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of comparative yields and discount rates used by management for certain investments. 

Evaluating management s ability to reasonably estimate fair value by comparing management s historical estimates to subsequent transactions, taking into account changes in market or investment specific conditions, where applicable. 

We have served as auditor of one or more of NexPoint Advisors, LP s investment companies since 2018. 

March 24, 2023 
 
 Auditor Firm ID: 

125 

Table of Contents 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None. 

126 

Table of Contents 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company s filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, recognizes that any set of controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. As of the period covered by this report, we, including our president and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
 under the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our president and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)
 of the Exchange Act) during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

127 

Table of Contents 
 PART III 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 

128 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV 

Item 15:

Exhibits 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

(1) Financial Statements Refer to Item 8 starting on page 81

 (2) Financial Statement Schedules None 

 (3) Exhibits 

Number

Description

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(3) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-196096) filed on December 12, 2014) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (b)(3) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-196096) filed on December 12, 2014) 

4.1 
 
 Forms of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Prospectus Appendix A. Appendix B and Appendix C filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-196096) filed on May 11, 2017) 

4.2 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (e) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-196096) filed on December 12, 2014) 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (g)(1) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-196096) filed on September 30, 2017) 

10.2 
 
 Sub-Administration and Accounting Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-216277) filed on February 27, 2017) 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Administration Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(2) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-196096) filed on September 30, 2017) 

10.4 
 
 Dealer Manager Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-196096) filed on March 2, 2016) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement (Included as Exhibit A to the Dealer Manager Agreement) 

10.6 
 
 Custodian Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-196096) filed on March 2, 2016) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Agency Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-196096) filed on July 24, 2014) 

10.8 
 
 Escrow Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-196096) filed on March 2, 2016) 

10.9 
 
 Expense Limitation Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-196096) filed on March 2, 2016) 

10.10 
 
 Control Agreement, dated and effective as of September 9, 2017, by and between NexPoint Capital, Inc. and BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage International, Ltd. and State Street Bank and Trust Company ((Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Registrants Quarterly Report on 10-Q (File No. 814-01074) filed on November 9, 2017) 

129 

Table of Contents 

Number

Description

10.11 
 
 Master Confirmation for Loan Total Return Swap Transactions, dated and effective as of September 13, 2017, by and between NexPoint Capital Inc. and BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage International, Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Registrants Quarterly Report on 10-Q (File No. 814-01074) filed on November 9, 2017) 

10.13 
 
 U.S. PB Agreement, dated and effective as of October 19, 2017, by and between NexPoint Capital, Inc. and BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrants Current Report on 8-K (File No. 814-01074) filed on October 19, 2017) 

10.14 
 
 International PB Agreement, dated and effective as of October 19, 2017, by and between NexPoint Capital, Inc., BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage International, Ltd., and BNP Paribas acting through its New York branch (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrants Current Report on 8-K (File No. 814-01074) filed on October 19, 2017) 

10.15 
 
 U.S. Triparty Agreement, dated and effective as of October 19, 2017, by and between NexPoint Capital, Inc., BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage, Inc. and Street Bank and Trust Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrants Current Report on 8-K (File No. 814-01074) filed on October 19, 2017) 

10.16 
 
 International Triparty Agreement, dated and effective as of October 19, 2017, by and between NexPoint Capital, Inc., BNP Paribas Prime Brokerage International, Ltd., and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as custodian (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registrants Current Report on 8-K (File No. 814-01074) filed on October 23, 2017) 

10.17 
 
 Amended and Restated Master Confirmation for Loan Total Return Swap Transactions, dated and effective as of April 2, 2018, by and between NexPoint Capital, Inc. and BNP Paribas (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrants Current Report on 8-K (File No. 814-01074) filed on April 2, 2018) 

31.1 
 
 Certifications by President pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certifications by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NEXPOINT CAPITAL, INC.

Date: March 24, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Frank Waterhouse 

Name: 
 
 Frank Waterhouse 

Title: 
 
 Treasurer, Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENT, each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints each of Frank Waterhouse and Dustin Norris as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact

 and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact

 or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 
 10-K
 
has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ James D. Dondero

 James D. Dondero

President

 (Principal Executive Officer)

March 24, 2023 

/s/ Frank Waterhouse

 Frank Waterhouse

Chief Financial Officer

 (Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer)

March 24, 2023 

/s/ Dr. Bob Froehlich

 Dr. Bob Froehlich

Director

March 24, 2023 

/s/ John Honis

 John Honis

Director

March 24, 2023 

/s/ Ethan Powell

 Ethan K. Powell

Director

March 24, 2023 

/s/ Bryan A. Ward

 Bryan A. Ward

Director

March 24, 2023 

131

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d437941dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule
 15d-14(a) I, James Dondero, President, certify that: 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NexPoint Capital, Inc.; 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4) The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ James Dondero 
 
 James Dondero 
 
 President 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d437941dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule
 15d-14(a) I, Frank Waterhouse, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NexPoint Capital, Inc.; 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4) The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Frank Waterhouse 
 
 Frank Waterhouse 
 Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d437941dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of NexPoint Capital, Inc. (the Company ), for the annual
period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, James Dondero and Frank Waterhouse, President and Principal Financial Officer, respectively, of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ James Dondero 

James Dondero 

President and Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Frank Waterhouse 

Frank Waterhouse 

Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cik0001588272-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cik0001588272-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cik0001588272-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cik0001588272-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

