<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1859035_0001829126-23-002516.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3837620</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261684</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>728245</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1119662</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>749276</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>884666</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002516.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172215
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002516
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001859035
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41062
		FILM NUMBER:		23789260

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 WEST 43RD STREET, 12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-493-6558

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 WEST 43RD STREET, 12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002516.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 mountaincrest5_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated
 filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As of June
30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately , computed by reference to the closing price for the common stock
on June 30, 2022, as reported on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s shares of common stock as of March 31, 2023 was , including
shares of common stock underlying the units and rights, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

MOUNTAIN
CREST ACQUISITION CORP. V 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 17 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 17 

PART II 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 19 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 23 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 23 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 23 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 24 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 24 

ITEM 9C 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 24 

PART III 
 
 25 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 25 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 33 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 34 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 36 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 37 

PART IV 
 
 38 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 38 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 40 

i 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in
this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In
addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predict, project, should, would 
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability to
 complete our initial business combination; 

success in
 retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and
 directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential ability
 to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective
 target businesses; 

the ability
 of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change
 in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential
 liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the lack of
 a market for our securities; 

use of proceeds
 not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance
 following our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections
are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. BUSINESS 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company, Mountain
Crest and to we, us, and our refer to MOUNTAIN CREST ACQUISITION CORP.
V 

Introduction 

We
are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on April 8, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses,
which we refer to throughout this annual report as our initial business combination. Although there is no restriction or limitation on
what industry or geographic region our target operates in, it is our intention to pursue prospective targets that are in North America
and Asia Pacific regions (excluding China). We shall not undertake our initial business combination with a target business with its principal
business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). As of the date of this annual report, all of our directors and officers serve in management positions
for Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (Nasdaq: MCAF), which is a special
purpose acquisition companies incorporated in Delaware. Our efforts to date are limited to organizational activities related to the Company s
IPO. 

Recent Developments 

On October 19, 2022, the Company entered
into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business
Combination Agreement with AUM Biosciences Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated in Singapore, with company
registration 201810204D (the Target ). On January 27, 2023, AUM Biosciences Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Holdco ),
AUM Biosciences Subsidiary Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated in Singapore, with company registration number
202238778Z Amalgamation Sub and AUM Biosciences Delaware Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub executed a joinder agreement with Mountain Crest and AUM and joined the Business Combination Agreement as parties, thereby committing
to be legally bound by the Business Combination Agreement. On February 10, 2023, AUM, Mountain Crest, Holdco, Amalgamation Sub and Merger
Sub signed an amendment to Business Combination Agreement (the Amendment to extend the Outside Date from February 15,
2023 to May 15, 2023. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Business Combination
Agreement. Further, on March 30, 2023, the Company, the Target, Holdco, Amalgamation Sub, and Merger Sub entered into an amendment to
Business Combination Agreement (the Amendment No. 2 to (1) consent to the termination of that certain stock escrow agreement,
dated as of November 21, 2021, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, originally entered by and among the Company,
the initial shareholders listed on the signature pages thereto, and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow agent,
(2) remove the Closing condition that the Company shall have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 on its pro forma consolidated
balance sheet after giving effect to the Closing, (3) eliminate the Company s right to designate a director of the Holdco Board
and (4) update the Target interests issued and paid-up as of the Amalgamation Effective Time from 8,779,752 Target Ordinary Shares to
9,841,118 Target Ordinary Shares. No other changes were made to the Business Combination Agreement. 

On March 31, 2023, the Company and UHY Advisors/UHY LLP, the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, entered into an unsecured promissory note for services rendered and unpaid in the principal
sum of One Hundred Eight Thousand One Dollars and Ninety Cents 108,001.90), plus interest applied monthly on any un-paid balance at
the rate of eight (8 percent per year until such sum is fully paid. If 108,001.90 is paid in full on this promissory note no later
than July 31, 2023, all accrued finance charges on this promissory note will be forgiven. The promissory note is payable by the Company
in advance without penalty. 

Based upon the execution of the Business Combination
Agreement, the period of time for the Company to complete a business combination under its certificate of incorporation is extended for
a period of three months from November 16, 2022 to February 16, 2023. As of the date of the filing of this Annual report on
form 10-K, the Company extended the time it has to complete its initial business combination from February 16, 2023, to May 16,
2023 by depositing 300,000 into the trust account on February 15, 2023. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination
Agreement, the Target will promptly incorporate a Cayman Islands exempted company as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Target Holdco ).
Holdco upon incorporation will form a private company limited by shares incorporated in Singapore as a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of Holdco Amalgamation Sub and a Delaware corporation as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco Merger Sub 
and, together with Holdco and Amalgamation Sub, each, individually, an Acquisition Entity and, collectively, the Acquisition
Entities ). Each Acquisition Entity upon formation will become a party to the Business Combination Agreement as if a party on the
date of execution thereof by signing a joinder agreement. 

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) Amalgamation Sub will amalgamate with and into the Target (the Amalgamation whereby the separate existence of Amalgamation Sub will cease and the Target will be the surviving corporation of the Amalgamation and
become a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco, and (ii) following confirmation of the effective filing of the Amalgamation but on
the same day, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the SPAC Merger and together with the Amalgamation, the Mergers ),
the separate existence of Merger Sub will cease and the Company will be the surviving corporation of the SPAC Merger and a direct wholly
owned subsidiary of Holdco. 

As a result of the Mergers, among other
things, (i) all outstanding Company Shares will be cancelled in exchange for approximately 40 million Holdco Ordinary Shares valued
at 10 per Holdco share, on a fully-diluted basis (as described below in more detail), subject to closing adjustments, (ii) each
outstanding SPAC Unit will be automatically detached, (iii) each unredeemed outstanding share of the Company s Common Stock
will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive one (1) Holdco Ordinary Share, and (iv) every ten (10) outstanding Company
Rights will be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for one (1) Holdco Ordinary Share. 

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
each AUM ordinary share issued and paid-up in the share capital of AUM shall be automatically cancelled and each AUM shareholder shall
be entitled to receive, as consideration for such AUM ordinary share, such number of newly issued Holdco Ordinary Shares equal to the
Company Exchange Ratio. The Company Exchange Ratio means the quotient obtained by dividing the Price per Company Share by 10.00 (ten
dollars). The Price per Company Share is a dollar number, dividing the Purchase Price by the Fully-Diluted Company Shares. The Purchase
Price is 400,000,000 plus the Post-Signing Investment Amount. Post-Signing Investment Amount means the amount of proceeds received by
the AUM Companies from the sale of AUM Company Interests for not more than 10,000,000 in the aggregate after the Business Combination
Agreement was signed and before the Closing. The number of Fully-Diluted Company Shares is the sum of (a) the total number of outstanding
AUM ordinary shares and (b) the total number of AUM ordinary shares subject to issuance pursuant to the vested AUM options, in each case,
as of immediately prior to the Closing. 

Our
Competitive Advantages 

Dr. Suying
Liu, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has accumulated broad industry expertise and transaction
experience from investing in and operating diverse businesses. 

1 

In
November 2019, Dr. Suying Liu co-founded Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp MCAC ), a special purpose acquisition company
incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination. Dr. Liu served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MCAC.
MCAC completed its initial public offering in June 2020, in which it sold 5,749,800 units, each consisting of one share of MCAC
common stock and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination,
for an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 57,498,000. On October 1, 2020, MCAC announced
that it had entered into a definitive agreement with Playboy Enterprises, Inc. Playboy ), owner of one of the largest and
most recognizable lifestyle brands in the world. On February 9, 2021, MCAC announced that in a special meeting of stockholders held
on the same day, its stockholders voted to approve its proposed business combination with Playboy. The business combination was closed
on February 10, 2021. As part of the consummation of the business combination, MCAC changed its name to PLBY Group, Inc. 
The combined company began trading on February 11, 2021, on Nasdaq Global Market under the new ticker symbol PLBY . 

In
July 2020, Dr. Suying Liu co-founded Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II MCAD ), a special purpose acquisition company
incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination. Dr. Liu served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MCAD.
MCAD completed its initial public offering in January 2021, in which it sold 5,750,000 units, each consisting of one share of MCAD
common stock and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination,
for an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 57,500,000. On April 7, 2021, MCAD announced
that it had entered into a definitive agreement with Better Therapeutics, Inc. Better ), an innovative platform for the
development of prescription digital therapeutics for the treatment of diabetes, heart disease, and other cardiometabolic conditions.
On October 27, 2021, MCAD announced that in a special meeting of stockholders held on the same day, its stockholders voted to approve
its proposed business combination with Better. The business combination was closed on October 28, 2021. As part of the consummation
of the business combination, MCAD changed its name to Better Therapeutics, Inc. The combined company began trading on October 29,
2021, on Nasdaq Capital Market under the new ticker symbol BTTX . 

In March 2021, Dr. Suying Liu founded Mountain Crest Acquisition
Corp. III MCAE ), a special purpose acquisition company incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination.
Dr. Liu serves as the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer of MCAE. MCAE completed its initial public
offering in June 2021, in which it sold 5,417,193 units, each consisting of one share of MCAE common stock and one right to receive
one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination, for an offering price of 10.00
per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 54,171,930. On February 17, 2023, MCAE announced that in a special meeting of
stockholders held on February 7, 2023, its stockholders voted to approve its proposed business combination with ETAO International
Group ETAO ). The business combination was closed on February 17, 2021. As part of the consummation of the business
combination, MCAE merged with and into ETAO International Co., Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company PubCo ), a wholly
owned subsidiary of the MCAE, with PubCo being the surviving corporation in such merger (the Redomestication Merger and (2) ETAO merged with and into Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, with ETAO as the surviving corporation in such
merger (the Acquisition Merger ). After giving effect to both the Redomestication Merger and the Acquisition
Merger, ETAO became a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo. The combined company began trading on February 21, 2023, on Nasdaq Capital
Market under the new ticker symbol ETAO . 

Further,
in March 2021, Dr. Suying Liu founded Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV MCAF ), a special purpose acquisition company
incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination. Dr. Liu serves as the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, and the
Chief Financial Officer of MCAF. MCAF completed its initial public offering in July 2021, in which MCAF sold 5,750,000 units, each
consisting of one share of MCAF common stock and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation
of an initial business combination, for an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 57,500,000.
On April 30, 2022, MCAF entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Merger Agreement ), by and among MCAF, CH AUTO Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company Pubco ),
Ch-Auto Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco Merger Sub and CH-Auto Technology
Corporation Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China (the CH Auto ), pursuant to
which, among other things, the Company, Pubco, Merger Sub and CH Auto intend to effect a merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company
whereby the Company will be the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco in accordance with the Merger Agreement
and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. In connection with the aforementioned merger, the name of the surviving entity
shall be changed to CH Autotech USA, Inc. Following the merger, Pubco expects its ordinary shares to be traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Our
Board of Directors and Management 

Our
board of directors and management consist of experienced deal makers, operators, and investors. 

Dr.
Suying Liu has been our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer since April 2021. Dr. Liu has been a
director of Better Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: BTTX) since it closed its business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp.
II (Nasdaq: MCAD) in October 2021. He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II from
July 2020 until it closed its business combination with Better Therapeutics Inc. He has also been a director of Etao
International Co., Ltd. (Nasdaq: ETAO) since it closed its business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq:
MCAE) on February 17, 2023. He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III from
March 2021 until it closed its business combination with Etao International Co., Ltd. He has been serving as the Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (Nasdaq: MCAF) since March 2021.
Dr. Liu was a director of PLBY Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: PLBY) from the closing of its business combination with Mountain Crest
Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) in February 2021 until August 2021. He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp from November 2019 until it closed its business combination with PLBY Group, Inc. He served as
the Head of Corporate Strategy of Hudson Capital Inc. (Nasdaq: HUSN) between May 2020 and September 2020, where he led the
company s strategic development for both general operations and specific growth areas. Between November 2018 and
April 2020, Dr. Liu served as the Chief Strategist of Mansion Capital LLC, a privately-held real estate investment firm with
brokerage and property management operations serving clients from both North America and Asia for their investments in the U.S. real
estate market. Prior to joining Mansion Capital, Dr. Liu was an investment strategist at J.P. Morgan Chase Co. from
July 2015 to October 2018, providing investment strategies to major Wall Street institutions spanning private equity,
hedge funds and insurance companies, with a primary focus in commercial mortgages. Dr. Liu began his career in academia, teaching a
variety of degree programs from bachelor s to executive education at Washington University Olin Business School between
January 2013 and May 2015 while completing his doctoral studies, for which he received a PhD in finance in May 2015.
Dr. Liu obtained a master s in finance in December 2012 and his BA in economics and mathematics summa cum laude in
May 2010 from Washington University in St. Louis. 

2 

Mr.
Nelson Haight has been a member of our board of directors since April 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain
Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of
Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member of the board
of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also been serving
as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (Nasdaq: MCAF) since March 2021. A veteran in the oil
and gas industry with over 30 years of professional experience, Mr. Haight currently serves as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer for Key Energy Services, Inc., which he joined in June 2020. From September 2019 to June 2020, Mr.
Haight was the interim Chief Financial Officer for Element Markets, LLC, an environmental commodities firm. From November 2018 to
June 2019, Mr. Haight was the interim Chief Financial Officer for Epic Companies, LLC, a family office backed oilfield service company.
Epic Companies filed for bankruptcy in August 2019. Between July 2017 and September 2018, Mr. Haight was the Chief Financial
Officer of Castleton Resources, LLC, a privately held exploration and production company. From December 2011 to July 2017,
Mr. Haight served in various capacities from Vice President to Chief Financial Officer at Midstates Petroleum Company, Inc., an exploration
and production company founded in 1993 and focused on the application of modern drilling and completion techniques to oil/liquids-prone
resources in previously discovered yet underdeveloped hydrocarbon trends. In 2015, Mr. Haight led the team that raised 625 million in
new capital for Midstates Petroleum. Midstates Petroleum filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in April 2016, and Mr. Haight was instrumental
in its successful reorganization and emergence from bankruptcy in October 2016. Mr. Haight received an MPA and BBA from the University
of Texas at Austin in May 1988 and is a Certified Public Accountant and member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

Dr.
Todd Milbourn has been a member of our board of directors since April 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain
Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of
Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member of the board
of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also been serving
as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (Nasdaq: MCAF) since March 2021. Dr. Milbourn is the
Vice Dean and Hubert C. and Dorothy R. Moog Professor of Finance at Washington University Olin Business School, where he has researched
and built academic programs in the areas of corporate finance, executive compensation and credit ratings since June 2000. With expertise
on valuation, corporate finance, corporate governance, executive compensation and corporate risk-taking, Dr. Milbourn has been retained
as an expert by private firms as well as the U.S. Department of Justice in cases related to fair rates of return, breach of contract
damages and executive compensation programs, among others. Dr. Milbourn is also the Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of the
Xanthus Fund at Oppenheimer, an asset management company with over 1,000 financial advisors and more than 90 billion assets under administration.
Dr. Milbourn obtained his PhD in finance from Indiana University Kelly School of Business in December 1995 and BA in economics and
mathematics from Augustana College in May 1991. 

Mr.
Wenhua Zhang has been a member of our board of directors since April 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain
Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of
Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member of the board
of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also been serving
as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (Nasdaq: MCAF) since March 2021. Mr. Zhang has been
a Partner at Azia Capital Fund LP, a private investment firm, since October 2014. Mr. Zhang began his career in the financial industry
as the Vice President of Equity Research in the technology, media and telecom sector with T. Rowe Price from August 2001 to May 2008,
and later joined Bain Capital as Director of the Brookside Fund, a long short equity investments fund, between July 2008 and December 2010.
From February 2011 to August 2012, Mr. Zhang was Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Harvard Management Company,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Harvard University charged with managing the university s endowment assets, and then as Partner and
Portfolio Manager at Newport Asia LLC between October 2012 and October 2014, investing in Asia s high-growth companies
on behalf of clients from institutions, endowments, and family offices. Mr. Zhang received an MBA with dual majors in finance and technology
innovation from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania in May 2001. 

3 

Acquisition
Strategy 

Our
goal is to identify and acquire a business with untapped opportunity for building a public company. We believe that our management s
and directors experiences, from evaluating assets through investing and company building, will enable us to source and execute
a business combination with high-quality targets. Our selection process will leverage the relationships of our board with leading venture
capitalists, private equity and hedge fund managers, respected peers, and our network of investment banking executives, attorneys, and
accountants. Together with this network of trusted partners, we intend to capitalize the target business and create purposeful strategic
initiatives in order to achieve attractive growth and performance after our initial business combination. 

In
particular, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination on private companies in North America and Asia Pacific
regions (excluding China) that have positive operating cash flow or compelling economics and clear paths to positive operating cash flow,
significant assets, and successful management teams that are seeking access to the U.S. public capital markets. We shall not undertake
our initial business combination with a target business with its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau).
Our selection process is expected to leverage our board s deep and broad network of relationships, industry expertise and deal
sourcing capabilities to provide us with a strong pipeline of potential targets. We expect to distinguish ourselves with our ability
to: 

Leverage
 our Extensive Network of Relationships to Create a Unique Pipeline of Acquisition Opportunities. We believe the combination of
 our sponsor s experience in structuring complex transactions and our ability to access the network of relationships of our
 board with family offices, corporate executives, founders, family-owned businesses and private equity firms, will enable us to identify
 and evaluate suitable target businesses in the areas that we deem appropriate. 

Employ Rigor
 to the Process of Identifying Target Companies and Acquiring a Business that Will be Well-Received by the Public Markets. We
 believe our board s strong transaction track record, together with their experience in investing in both the private and public
 markets, will provide a distinct advantage for identifying, valuing and completing a business combination that will meet our investors 
 expectations. 

Capitalize
 on Our Strategic Position Bridging High-Quality North American Production and Extensive Asian Consumer Demand. We believe the
 access that our board has to North American private companies producing quality products but lacking distribution, especially to
 Asian consumers, presents an enormous opportunity when we bring such market channels to these potential business combination targets.
 Our sponsor s relationships with Asian consumer markets will allow us to create further synergies with target companies in
 addition to expanded capital and production capacities. 

Investment
Criteria 

We
intend to focus on companies that possess under-researched and underappreciated asset(s) poised for significant growth once capitalized. 

Consistent
with our strategy, we have identified the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses. Although we may decide to enter
into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the criteria described below, it is our intention to
acquire companies that we believe: 

have
a scientific or other competitive advantage in the markets; 

We
intend to seek target companies that have significant competitive advantages and underexploited expansion opportunities that can benefit
from access to additional capital as well as our industry relationships and expertise. 

are ready to
 be public, with strong management, corporate governance and reporting policies in place; 

4 

We
will seek to identify companies with strong and experienced public-ready management teams. Specifically, we will look for management
teams that have a proven track record of value creation for their stockholders. We will seek to partner with a potential target s
management team and expect that the operating and investment abilities of our executive team and board will complement their own capabilities. 

will likely
 be well received by public investors and are expected to have good access to the public capital markets; 

We
believe that there are a substantial number of potential target businesses with appropriate valuations that can benefit from a public
listing and new capital for growth to support significant revenue and earnings growth. 

are private
 equity fund portfolio companies or entities held by non-traditional investors in North America, especially in the U.S.; 

According
to Pitchbook Data, Inc., U.S. private equity funds raised more than 1.8 trillion from 2006 through 2016 in over 2,700 different funds.
As they seek liquidity, particularly in older-vintage portfolios, we believe that there will be a considerable number of portfolio companies
available for sale from these private equity firms in the coming years that would benefit from public listings. Additionally, non-traditional
control investors such as financial institutions, banks, non-bank lenders, or hedge funds, who do not typically hold and manage private
operating assets, may be anxious to divest their non-core holdings. In the event that those types of investors are liquidating or experiencing
other pressures, they may need to divest certain holdings. 

have significant
 embedded and/or underexploited growth opportunities that our team is uniquely positioned to identify and monetize; 

We
intend to seek target companies that have significant and underexploited expansion opportunities. This can be accomplished through a
combination of accelerating organic growth and finding attractive add-on acquisition targets. Our management team has significant experience
in identifying such targets and in helping target management assess the strategic and financial fit. Similarly, our management has the
expertise to assess the likely synergies and a process to help a target integrate acquisitions. 

exhibit unrecognized
 value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the market; 

We
will seek target companies which exhibit value or other characteristics that we believe have been overlooked or misevaluated by the marketplace
based on our company-specific analyses and due diligence. For a potential target company, this process will include, among other things,
a review and analysis of the company s capital structure, quality of current or future earnings, corporate governance, customers,
material contracts, and the industry and trends. We intend to leverage the operational experience and disciplined investment approach
of our team to identify opportunities to unlock value that our experience in complex situations allows us to pursue. 

will offer
 attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our stockholders. 

We
intend to seek to acquire a target on terms and in a manner that leverage our capital markets and transaction management experience.
We expect to evaluate a company based on its potential to successfully commercialize its product(s), both new and under development.
We also expect to evaluate financial returns based on opportunities for follow-on acquisitions and other value-creation initiatives.
Potential upside, for example, from the growth in the target business s earnings or an improved capital structure will be weighed
against any identified downside risks. 

5 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

We will have time until May 16, 2023 to consummate our initial business
combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held
in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our taxes, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of
claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. In the event of our dissolution and liquidation,
the private units will expire and will be worthless. 

We
will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose, at which stockholders
may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their
pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations
described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of our proposed business combination or allow stockholders
to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors
such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval.
Any tender offer documents used in connection with a business combination will contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. 

6 

The
initial per public share redemption or conversion price will be 10.00 per share, regardless of whether the over-allotment option is
exercised. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the
claims of our public stockholders. 

Pursuant
to the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate
fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriter s fees and taxes payable
on the income earned on the trust account), which we refer to as the 80 test, at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial
business combination. Therefore, the fair market value of the target business will be calculated prior to any conversions of our shares
in connection with a business combination and therefore will be a minimum of 53,544,000 in order to satisfy the 80 test. While the
fair market value of the target business must satisfy the 80 test, the consideration we pay the owners of the target business may be
a combination of cash (whether cash from the trust account or cash from a debt or equity financing transaction that closes concurrently
with the business combination) or our equity securities. The exact nature and amount of consideration would be determined based on negotiations
with the target business, although we will attempt to primarily use our equity as transaction consideration. If our board is not able
to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will also obtain a fairness opinion from an independent
investment banking firm before consummating a business combination with an entity affiliated with any of our officers, directors or insiders.
If we are no longer listed on Nasdaq, we will not be required to satisfy the 80 test. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in
order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business
combination if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise owns a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the
target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case,
we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares,
our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued
for purposes of the 80 test. 

As
more fully discussed in Management - Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business
combination opportunity to us. All of our officers and directors currently have certain relevant pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a
less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

7 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In
other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would
otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period until we are no
longer an emerging growth company. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of the Company s IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible
debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated
with it in the JOBS Act. 

Stockholder
Approval of Business Combination 

In
connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at
a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders (but not our insiders, officers or directors) may seek to convert their
shares of common stock, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into a portion of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means
of a tender offer (and therefore avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a
tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some
pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination
or whether we will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek stockholder approval. We anticipate that our business combination could be completed by way of a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar transaction. Stockholder approval will not be required
under Delaware law if the business combination is structured as an acquisition of assets of the target company, a share exchange with
target company stockholders or a purchase of stock of the target company; however, Nasdaq rules would require us to obtain stockholder
approval if we seek to issue shares representing 20 or more of our outstanding shares as consideration in a business combination. A
merger of our company into a target company would require stockholder approval under Delaware law. A merger of a target company into
our company would not require stockholder approval unless the merger results in a change to our certificate of incorporation, or if the
shares issued in connection with the merger exceed 20 of our outstanding shares prior to the merger. A merger of a target company with
a subsidiary of our company would not require stockholder approval unless the merger results in a change in our certificate of incorporation;
however, Nasdaq rules would require us to obtain stockholder approval of such a transaction if we week to issue shares representing 20 
or more of our outstanding shares as consideration. 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will provide
our stockholders with an opportunity to tender their shares to us pursuant to a tender offer pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation
14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain
substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy
rules. 

In
the event we allow stockholders to tender their shares pursuant to the tender offer rules, our tender offer will remain open for at least
20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial
business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders
not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not purchase public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than any net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the
tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

8 

If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or Nasdaq requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval
for business or other legal reasons, we will: 

permit stockholders
 to convert their shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates
 the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with
 the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide stockholders with the conversion rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek to consummate an initial
business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum
amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, our net tangible asset threshold
may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may be required to have a lesser number of shares converted)
and may force us to seek third-party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not
be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable
time period, if at all. Public stockholders may therefore have to wait until May 16, 2023 in order to be able to receive a portion of
the trust account. 

Our
insiders, including our officers and directors, have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed
business combination, (2) not to convert any shares of common stock into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our certificate of incorporation
relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (3) not to sell any shares of common stock in any tender
in connection with a proposed initial business combination. 

Depending
on how a business combination was structured, any stockholder approval requirement could be satisfied by obtaining the approval of either
(i) a majority of the shares of our common stock that were voted at the meeting (assuming a quorum was present at the meeting), or (ii)
a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 

9 

If
we seek stockholder approval of a business combination and if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant
number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination, we or our insiders or their
affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. However, they have
no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such
transactions. No funds from the trust account can be released from the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination
to make such purchases (although such purchases could be made using funds available to us after the closing of a business combination).
We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the
Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine
at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, we or our insiders or their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock if the purchases would violate
Sections 9(a)(2) or 10(b) of the Exchange Act or Regulation M, which are rules that prohibit manipulation of a company s stock,
and we and they will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act in connection with any open-market purchases. If purchases cannot
be made without violating applicable law, no such purchases will be made. The purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares
in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination
or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result
in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the
public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.
Our insiders anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our insiders or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated
purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following
our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our insiders or their affiliates
enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election
to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. 

Conversion
Rights 

At
any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, any public stockholder, whether voting for or against such proposed business
combination, will be entitled to demand that his or her shares of common stock be converted for a full pro rata portion of the amount
then in the trust account (initially 10.00 per share), plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes. Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to sell their shares of our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount
equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes payable. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of his or hers or any other person with whom he or she is acting in
concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking conversion
rights with respect to 20 or more of the shares of common stock sold in our IPO. Such a public stockholder would still be entitled to
vote against a proposed business combination with respect to all shares of common stock owned by him or her, or his or her affiliates.
We believe this restriction will prevent stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares before the vote held to approve a proposed
business combination and attempt to use the conversion right as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant
premium to the then current market price. By not allowing a stockholder to convert more than 20 of the shares of common stock sold in
our IPO, we believe we have limited the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block a transaction which
is favored by our other public stockholders. 

 None
of our insiders will have the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed
initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders rights
or pre-business combination activity with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired
prior to our IPO or purchased by them in our IPO or in the aftermarket. 

10 

We
may also require public stockholders who wish to convert, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent at any time through the vote on the business combination or to deliver their
shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at
the holder s option. The proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish to stockholders in connection with the vote for any
proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly,
a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder received our proxy statement through the vote on the business combination to deliver
his or her shares if he or she wishes to seek to exercise his or her conversion rights. Under Delaware law and our bylaws, we are required
to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a public stockholder
would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not
to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders to deliver their
shares prior to the vote on the business combination in order to exercise conversion rights. This is because a holder would need to deliver
shares to exercise conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require
stockholders to deliver their shares prior to the vote on the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is
not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. Traditionally, in order to perfect conversion rights in
connection with a blank check company s business combination, the company would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders 
vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the
proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her conversion rights. After the business combination was approved,
the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result,
the stockholder then had an option window after the consummation of the business combination during which he or she could
monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the conversion price, he or she could sell his
or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the conversion
rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become a continuing 
right surviving past the consummation of the business combination until the holder delivered its certificate. 

The
requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a holder s election to convert his or her shares
is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any
request to convert such shares once made may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination. Furthermore,
if a holder of a public share delivered his or her certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides
prior to the vote on the proposed business combination not to elect to exercise such rights, he or she may simply request that the transfer
agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If
the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
conversion rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. 

11 

Liquidation
if No Business Combination 

If we do not complete a business combination prior to May 16, 2023,
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii)
and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
At such time, the rights will expire and holders of the rights will receive nothing upon a liquidation with respect to such rights, and
the rights will be worthless. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination prior to
May 16, 2023, our insiders or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,
pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company on the date of this annual report on Form 10-K, In the event that they elected to extend the time
to complete a business combination and deposited the applicable amount of money into trust, the insiders would receive a non-interest
bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to
close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon
consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the relevant insider s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business
combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the private units
upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial
business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent
to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline.
In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely
deposited. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete
our initial business combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders, decide to extend the period of time to consummate
our initial business combination, such insiders (or their affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire amount required. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed
to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination
within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed
to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors
could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution.
It is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible and within the timeframe set forth in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, as amended and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the above procedures. As such, our stockholders
could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

12 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation
Law requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending
claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company,
rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to seeking to complete an initial business combination, the only
likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. 

We
will seek to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after the Company s IPO) and any prospective
target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may
have in or to any monies held in the trust account. The underwriters in the Company s IPO will execute such a waiver agreement.
As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in
any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not
have a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, there
is no guarantee that vendors, service providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. In the event that a potential
contracted party was to refuse to execute such a waiver, we will execute an agreement with that entity only if our management first determines
that we would be unable to obtain, on a reasonable basis, substantially similar services or opportunities from another entity willing
to execute such a waiver. Examples of instances where we may engage a third-party that refused to execute a waiver would be the engagement
of a third-party consultant who cannot sign such an agreement due to regulatory restrictions, such as our auditors who are unable to
sign due to independence requirements, or whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be superior to those of
other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or a situation in which management does not believe it would be able to find a
provider of required services willing to provide the waiver. There is also no guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with
us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our insiders have agreed that they will be jointly and severally liable to
us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which
we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below 10.00 per public share,
except as to any claims by a third-party who executed a valid and enforceable agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the
underwriters of the Company s IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Our board of directors
has evaluated our insiders financial net worth and believes they will be able to satisfy any indemnification obligations that
may arise. However, our insiders may not be able to satisfy their indemnification obligations, as we have not required our insiders to
retain any assets to provide for their indemnification obligations, nor have we taken any further steps to ensure that they will be able
to satisfy any indemnification obligations that arise. Moreover, our insiders will not be liable to our public stockholders and instead
will only have liability to us. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be less than approximately
 10.00 due to claims or potential claims of creditors. We will distribute to all of our public stockholders, in proportion to their respective
equity interests, an aggregate sum equal to the amount then held in the trust account, inclusive of any interest not previously released
to us, (subject to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors as described below). 

If
we are unable to consummate an initial business combination and are forced to redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a portion
of the funds held in the trust account, we anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly
after such date and anticipate it will take no more than 10 business days to effectuate the redemption of our public shares. Our insiders
have waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their insider shares. We will pay the costs of any subsequent
liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our insiders have agreed to pay the
funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately 15,000) and have agreed not to
seek repayment of such expenses. Each holder of public shares will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account,
plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes.
The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims
of public stockholders. 

13 

Our
public stockholders shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete our initial
business combination in the required time period or if the stockholders seek to have us convert their respective shares of common stock
upon a business combination which is actually completed by us. In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest
of any kind to or in the trust account. 

If
we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held
in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims
of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the
per share redemption or conversion amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.00. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by
paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these
reasons. 

Certificate
of Incorporation 

Our
certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions that apply to us until the consummation of our initial business
combination. If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder s
rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to complete a business combination),
we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. Our insiders have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect
to any insider shares, private shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our certificate of incorporation.
Specifically, our certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

prior to the
 consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
 at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert their shares of common stock, regardless of
 whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into a portion of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
 trust account, net of taxes payable, or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of
 a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
 then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes payable, in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated prior to May 16, 2023, or as otherwise set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account to all of our public holders of shares of common stock; 

we may not consummate any
 other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction
 prior to our initial business combination; and 

prior to our initial business
 combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from
 the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. 

14 

Potential
Revisions to Agreements with Insiders 

Each
of our insiders has entered into letter agreements with us pursuant to which each of them has agreed to do certain things relating to
us and our activities prior to a business combination. We could seek to amend these letter agreements without the approval of stockholders,
although we have no intention to do so. In particular: 

Restrictions
 relating to liquidating the trust account if we failed to consummate a business combination in the time-frames specified above could
 be amended, but only if we allowed all stockholders to redeem their shares in connection with such amendment; 

Restrictions relating to
 our insiders being required to vote in favor of a business combination or against any amendments to our organizational documents
 could be amended to allow our insiders to vote on a transaction as they wished; 

The requirement
 of members of the management team to remain our officer or director until the closing of a business combination could be amended
 to allow persons to resign from their positions with us if, for example, the current management team was having difficulty locating
 a target business and another management team had a potential target business; 

The restrictions on transfer
 of our securities could be amended to allow transfer to third parties who were not members of our original management team; 

The obligation of our management
 team to not propose amendments to our organizational documents could be amended to allow them to propose such changes to our stockholders; 

The obligation of insiders
 to not receive any compensation in connection with a business combination could be modified in order to allow them to receive such
 compensation; and 

The requirement to obtain
 a valuation for any target business affiliated with our insiders, in the event it was too expensive to do so. 

Except
as specified above, stockholders would not be required to be given the opportunity to redeem their shares in connection with such changes.
Such changes could result in: 

Our having
 an extended period of time to consummate a business combination (although with less in trust as a certain number of our stockholders
 would certainly redeem their shares in connection with any such extension); 

Our insiders being able
 to vote against a business combination or in favor of changes to our organizational documents; 

Our operations being controlled
 by a new management team that our stockholders did not elect to invest with; 

Our insiders receiving
 compensation in connection with a business combination; and 

Our insiders closing a
 transaction with one of their affiliates without receiving an independent valuation of such business. 

We
will not agree to any such changes unless we believed that such changes were in the best interests of our stockholders (for example,
if we believed such a modification were necessary to complete a business combination). Each of our officers and directors has fiduciary
obligations to us requiring that he or she act in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. 

15 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective
similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous
potential target businesses that we could complete a business combination with utilizing the net proceeds of our IPO, our ability to
compete in completing a business combination with certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. 

The
following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our obligation
 to seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; 

our obligation to convert
 shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination; 

our obligation to pay the
 deferred underwriting commission to the underwriters upon consummation of our initial business combination; 

our obligation to either
 repay working capital loans that may be made to us by our insiders or their affiliates; 

our obligation to register
 the resale of the insider shares, as well as the private units (and underlying securities) and any shares issued to our insiders
 or their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans; and 

the impact on the target
 business assets as a result of unknown liabilities under the securities laws or otherwise depending on developments involving
 us prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

Any
of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. Our management
believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive
advantage over privately held entities having a similar business objective as ours in connection with an initial business combination
with a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. 

If
we succeed in effecting our initial business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the
target business. Subsequent to our initial business combination, we may not have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Facilities 

We
currently maintain our principal executive offices at 311 West 43rd Street, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10036. The cost for this space is
included in the 10,000 per-month fee payable to Mountain Crest Global Holdings LLC, for office space, utilities and secretarial services.
We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for
our current operations. 

Employees 

We
have one executive officer. This individual is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote
only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time he will devote in any time period will vary based on whether
a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in.
We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

16 

Legal
Proceedings 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration, governmental proceeding or any other legal proceeding currently pending or known to be contemplated
against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been
subject to any such proceeding in the 10 years preceding the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
 1A. RISK
FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
 1B. UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain our principal executive offices at 311 West 43rd Street, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10036. The cost for this space is
included in the 10,000 per-month fee payable to Mountain Crest Global Holdings LLC, for office space, utilities and secretarial services.
We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for
our current operations. 

ITEM
 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not
currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding,
investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
 4. MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

17 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
units began to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol MCAGU on November 12, 2021. The common
stock and rights comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on December 2, 2021, under the symbols MCAG 
and MCAGR , respectively. 

Holders
of Record 

As of December 31,
2022, there were 4,060,008 of our shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding held by 6 stockholders of record .
The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of
Common Stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business
combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring
any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
November 16, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering IPO of 6,000,000 units (the Units ).
Each Unit consists of one share of common stock, 0.0001 par value Common Stock ), and one right Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold
at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 60,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company
consummated the private placement Private Placement of 205,000 units (the Private Units at a price of
 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,050,000. 

Subsequently,
on November 16, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of
the additional Units occurred (the Over-Allotment Option Units on November 18, 2021. The total aggregate issuance
by the Company of 900,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 9,000,000. On November 18, 2021,
simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional 18,000 Private
Units, generating gross proceeds of 180,000. The Private Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. 

A
total of 69,000,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in the initial public offering (including the Over-Allotment Option Units)
and the Private Placements on November 16, 2021 and November 18, 2021, were placed in a trust account established for the benefit
of the Company s public shareholders. 

18 

As of December 31, 2022, a total of 19,572,432 was held in the
trust account, 19,341,080 of which is the proceeds from the IPO and Private Placement and 231,352 of which was interest income generated
by the proceeds in trust. 

For
a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see below Part II, Item 7 - Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth
below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A.
Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on April 8, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.
We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
a Business Combination will be successful. 

Recent
Developments 

On October 19, 2022, the Company entered
into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business
Combination Agreement with AUM Biosciences Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated in Singapore, with company
registration 201810204D (the Target ). On January 27, 2023, AUM Biosciences Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Holdco ),
AUM Biosciences Subsidiary Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated in Singapore, with company registration number
202238778Z Amalgamation Sub and AUM Biosciences Delaware Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub executed a joinder agreement with Mountain Crest and AUM and joined the Business Combination Agreement as parties, thereby committing
to be legally bound by the Business Combination Agreement. On February 10, 2023, AUM, Mountain Crest, Holdco, Amalgamation Sub and Merger
Sub signed an amendment to Business Combination Agreement (the Amendment to extend the Outside Date from February 15,
2023 to May 15, 2023. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Business Combination
Agreement. Further, on March 30, 2023, the Company, the Target, Holdco, Amalgamation Sub, and Merger Sub entered into an amendment to
Business Combination Agreement (the Amendment No. 2 to (1) consent to the termination of that certain stock escrow agreement,
dated as of November 21, 2021, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, originally entered by and among the Company,
the initial shareholders listed on the signature pages thereto, and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow agent,
(2) remove the Closing condition that the Company shall have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 on its pro forma consolidated
balance sheet after giving effect to the Closing, (3) eliminate the Company s right to designate a director of the Holdco Board
and (4) update the Target interests issued and paid-up as of the Amalgamation Effective Time from 8,779,752 Target Ordinary Shares to
9,841,118 Target Ordinary Shares. No other changes were made to the Business Combination Agreement. 

On March 31, 2023, the Company and UHY Advisors/UHY LLP, the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, entered into an unsecured promissory note for services rendered and unpaid in the principal
sum of One Hundred Eight Thousand One Dollars and Ninety Cents 108,001.90), plus interest applied monthly on any un-paid balance at
the rate of eight (8 percent per year until such sum is fully paid. If 108,001.90 is paid in full on this promissory note no later
than July 31, 2023, all accrued finance charges on this promissory note will be forgiven. The promissory note is payable by the Company
in advance without penalty. 

Based upon the execution of the Business Combination
Agreement, the period of time for the Company to complete a business combination under its certificate of incorporation is extended for
a period of three months from November 16, 2022 to February 16, 2023. As of the date of the filing of this Annual report on
form 10-K, the Company extended the time it has to complete its initial business combination from February 16, 2023, to May 16,
2023 by depositing 300,000 into the trust account on February 15, 2023. 
 Pursuant
to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the Target will promptly incorporate a Cayman Islands exempted company as a direct
wholly owned subsidiary of the Target Holdco ). Holdco upon incorporation will form a private company limited by shares
incorporated in Singapore as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco Amalgamation Sub and a Delaware corporation as
a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco Merger Sub and, together with Holdco and Amalgamation Sub, each, individually,
an Acquisition Entity and, collectively, the Acquisition Entities ). Each Acquisition Entity upon formation
will become a party to the Business Combination Agreement as if a party on the date of execution thereof by signing a joinder agreement. 

19 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) Amalgamation Sub will amalgamate with
and into the Target (the Amalgamation whereby the separate existence of Amalgamation Sub will cease and the Target will
be the surviving corporation of the Amalgamation and become a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco, and (ii) following confirmation
of the effective filing of the Amalgamation but on the same day, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the SPAC Merger 
and together with the Amalgamation, the Mergers ), the separate existence of Merger Sub will cease and the Company will
be the surviving corporation of the SPAC Merger and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco. 

As
a result of the Mergers, among other things, (i) all outstanding Company Shares will be cancelled in exchange for approximately 40 million
Holdco Ordinary Shares valued at 10 per Holdco share, subject to closing adjustments, (ii) each outstanding SPAC Unit will be automatically
detached, (iii) each unredeemed outstanding share of the Company s Common Stock will be cancelled in exchange for the right to
receive one (1) Holdco Ordinary Share, and (iv) every ten (10) outstanding Company Rights will be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange
for one (1) Holdco Ordinary Share. 

Additional
Agreements Executed In Connection With the Business Combination Agreement 

Shareholder
Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company, the Target and Key Target Shareholders entered into a voting and
support agreement (the Shareholder Support Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, certain Target Shareholders
agreed not to transfer and will vote their Shares in the Target in favor of the Business Combination Agreement (including by execution
of written resolutions), the Mergers and the other Transactions, effective at Closing. The Target Shareholders party to the Shareholder
Support Agreement collectively have a sufficient number of votes to approve the Merger. The Shareholder Support Agreement and all of
its provisions will terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the earlier of the Closing or the termination of the Business
Combination Agreement. 

Sponsor
Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company, Sponsor, and the Target entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement,
pursuant to which they agree that, among other things, Sponsor (i) will not transfer and will vote its shares of the Company s
Common Stock or any additional shares of the Company s Common Stock it acquires prior to the Company Stockholder Meeting in favor
of the Business Combination Agreement, the Mergers and the other Transactions and each of the Transaction Proposals, (ii) will not redeem
any shares of the Company s Common Stock in connection with the SPAC Merger, and (iii) waives its anti-dilution rights under the
Company Charter. The Sponsor Support Agreement and all of its provisions will terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the
earlier of the Closing or the termination of the Business Combination Agreement. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from April 8, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and
identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust
Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance),
as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 4,471, which consists of interest income on investment held in the Trust
Account of 932,256, offset by operating costs of 746,913 and provision for income taxes of 180,872. 

For
the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 150,755, which consists of operating
costs of 151,598, offset by interest income on investment held in the Trust Account of 843. 

20 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
November 16, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 6,000,000 Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock
included in the Units sold, the Public Shares at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 60,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 205,000 Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit in a private placement
to the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of 2,050,000. 

On
November 18, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option, resulting in an additional 900,000 Units issued
for an aggregate amount of 9,000,000. In connection with the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company
also consummated the sale of an additional 18,000 Private Units at 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 180,000. A
net total of 9,000,000 was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to 69,000,000. 

Following
the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Units, a total of 69,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account.
We incurred 5,090,361 consisting of 1,380,000 of underwriting fees, 2,070,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 1,640,361 of other
offering costs. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 446,350. Net income of 4,471 was affected by interest
earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 932,256. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 481,435
of cash for operating activities. 

For
the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 151,016. Net loss
of 150,755 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 843. Changes in operating assets and
liabilities provided 582 of cash for operating activities. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 19,572,432 (including 231,352 of interest income)
consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 185 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used
by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we have withdrawn 231,220 of the interest earned on the Trust Account to pay franchise
and income taxes and 50,129,447 in connection with the redemption of shares. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust
Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole
or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 259,408
held outside the Trust Account for general working capital purposes. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are
not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the
event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However,
if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination
are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business
Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated
to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

21 

Going
Concern 

As
of the date of the filing of this Annual report on form 10-K, the Company extended the time it has to complete its initial business combination
from February 16, 2023, to May 16, 2023 by depositing 300,000 into the trust account on February 15, 2023. 

We
have until May 16, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination
by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution.
Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution
raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets
or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after May 16, 2023. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We
do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to
as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have
not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement
to pay an affiliates, or advisors a total of up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, out of pocket expenses, and secretarial
and administrative support. The arrangement will terminate upon the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination
or its liquidation. 

The
underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.30 per unit, or 2,070,000 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for
deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Common
Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability
instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights
that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our
control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common
stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future
events. Accordingly, the common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
equity section of our balance sheets. 

22 

Net
Income (Loss) per Common Share 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per
Share. The statements of operations include a presentation of income (loss) per redeemable public share and income (loss) per non-redeemable
share following the two-class method of income (loss) per share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the
public redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, we first considered the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares. This
is calculated using the total net income (loss) less any dividends paid. For purposes of calculating net income (loss) per share, any
remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the common shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends
paid to our public stockholders. Subsequent to calculating the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares, we split the amount
to be allocated using a ratio of 76 for the Public Shares and 24 for the non-redeemable shares for the year ended December 31,
2022, reflective of the respective participation rights. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised
or converted into common shares and then share in our earnings. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income
(loss) per share for the periods presented. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and
Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain
financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion
features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts
in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments
that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including
the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 and should
be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company has adopted the provisions of this guidance on January 1, 2022. The adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our financial statements. 

ITEM
 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As
of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our IPO, the net proceeds
of our IPO, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 180
days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments,
we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

ITEM
 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM
 9. Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

23 

ITEM
 9A. Controls
and Procedures. 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, Dr. Suying Liu, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31,
2022. Based upon his evaluation, he concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15
(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of our company, 

(2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
and 

(3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. Other
Information. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

24 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Suying
 Liu 
 
 35 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Nelson Haight 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Todd Milbourn 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Wenhua Zhang 
 
 53 
 
 Director 

Dr.
Suying Liu has been our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer since April 2021. Dr. Liu has been a director
of Better Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: BTTX) since it closed its business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq:
MCAD) in October 2021. He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II from July 2020
until it closed its business combination with Better Therapeutics Inc. He has also been a director of Etao International Co., Ltd. (Nasdaq:
ETAO) since it closed its business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) in February 17, 2023. He
was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III from March 2021 until it closed its business
combination with Etao International Co., Ltd. He has been serving as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer
of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (Nasdaq: MCAF) since March 2021. Dr. Liu was a director of PLBY Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: PLBY)
from the closing of its business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) in February 2021 until August 2021.
He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp from November 2019 until it closed its business
combination with PLBY Group, Inc. He served as the Head of Corporate Strategy of Hudson Capital Inc. (Nasdaq: HUSN) between May 2020
and September 2020, where he led the company s strategic development for both general operations and specific growth areas.
Between November 2018 and April 2020, Dr. Liu served as the Chief Strategist of Mansion Capital LLC, a privately-held real
estate investment firm with brokerage and property management operations serving clients from both North America and Asia for their investments
in the U.S. real estate market. Prior to joining Mansion Capital, Dr. Liu was an investment strategist at J.P. Morgan Chase Co.
from July 2015 to October 2018, providing investment strategies to major Wall Street institutions spanning private equity,
hedge funds and insurance companies, with a primary focus in commercial mortgages. Dr. Liu began his career in academia, teaching a variety
of degree programs from bachelor s to executive education at Washington University Olin Business School between January 2013
and May 2015 while completing his doctoral studies, for which he received a PhD in finance in May 2015. Dr. Liu obtained a
master s in finance in December 2012 and his BA in economics and mathematics summa cum laude in May 2010 from
Washington University in St. Louis. 

Mr.
Nelson Haight has been a member of our board of directors since April 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors
of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of
directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member
of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also
been serving as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (Nasdaq: MCAF) since March 2021. A veteran
in the oil and gas industry with over 30 years of professional experience, Mr. Haight currently serves as Senior Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer for Key Energy Services, Inc., which he joined in June 2020. From September 2019 to June 2020,
Mr. Haight was the interim Chief Financial Officer for Element Markets, LLC, an environmental commodities firm. From November 2018
to June 2019, Mr. Haight was the interim Chief Financial Officer for Epic Companies, LLC, a family office backed oilfield service
company. Epic Companies filed for bankruptcy in August 2019. Between July 2017 and September 2018, Mr. Haight was the
Chief Financial Officer of Castleton Resources, LLC, a privately held exploration and production company. From December 2011 to
July 2017, Mr. Haight served in various capacities from Vice President to Chief Financial Officer at Midstates Petroleum Company,
Inc., an exploration and production company founded in 1993 and focused on the application of modern drilling and completion techniques
to oil/liquids-prone resources in previously discovered yet underdeveloped hydrocarbon trends. In 2015, Mr. Haight led the team that
raised 625 million in new capital for Midstates Petroleum. Midstates Petroleum filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in April 2016, and
Mr. Haight was instrumental in its successful reorganization and emergence from bankruptcy in October 2016. Mr. Haight received
an MPA and BBA from the University of Texas at Austin in May 1988 and is a Certified Public Accountant and member of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

25 

Dr.
Todd Milbourn has been a member of our board of directors since April 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors
of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of
directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member
of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also
been serving as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (Nasdaq: MCAF) since March 2021. Dr. Milbourn
is the Vice Dean and Hubert C. and Dorothy R. Moog Professor of Finance at Washington University Olin Business School, where he has researched
and built academic programs in the areas of corporate finance, executive compensation and credit ratings since June 2000. With expertise
on valuation, corporate finance, corporate governance, executive compensation and corporate risk-taking, Dr. Milbourn has been retained
as an expert by private firms as well as the U.S. Department of Justice in cases related to fair rates of return, breach of contract
damages and executive compensation programs, among others. Dr. Milbourn is also the Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of the
Xanthus Fund at Oppenheimer, an asset management company with over 1,000 financial advisors and more than 90 billion assets under administration.
Dr. Milbourn obtained his PhD in finance from Indiana University Kelly School of Business in December 1995 and BA in economics and
mathematics from Augustana College in May 1991. 

Mr.
Wenhua Zhang has been a member of our board of directors since April 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of
Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors
of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member of the board
of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also been serving
as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (Nasdaq: MCAF) since March 2021. Mr. Zhang has been
a Partner at Azia Capital Fund LP, a private investment firm, since October 2014. Mr. Zhang began his career in the financial industry
as the Vice President of Equity Research in the technology, media and telecom sector with T. Rowe Price from August 2001 to May 2008,
and later joined Bain Capital as Director of the Brookside Fund, a long short equity investments fund, between July 2008 and December 2010.
From February 2011 to August 2012, Mr. Zhang was Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Harvard Management Company,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Harvard University charged with managing the university s endowment assets, and then as Partner and
Portfolio Manager at Newport Asia LLC between October 2012 and October 2014, investing in Asia s high-growth companies
on behalf of clients from institutions, endowments, and family offices. Mr. Zhang received an MBA with dual majors in finance and technology
innovation from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania in May 2001. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors has five members, three of whom are deemed independent under SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our board of directors
is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term. The
term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Dr. Todd Milbourn and Wenhua Zhang, will expire at our first annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Nelson Haight, will expire at the second annual meeting.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Dr. Suying Liu, will expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that our directors may consist of a chairman of the board, and that our officer may consist of chief executive officer,
president, chief financial officer, executive vice president(s), vice president(s), secretary, treasurer and such other officers as may
be determined by the board of directors. 

26 

Executive
Compensation 

No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Until the completion of our initial business combination
with a target business, we are paying to Mountain Crest Global Holdings LLC, a fee of 10,000 per month for providing us with office
space and certain office and secretarial services. Other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, no compensation or fees of any
kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our insiders or any of the members of our
management team, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence
on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of
prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by
us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest
income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business
combination. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a stockholder meeting
held to consider our initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive
and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current
Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that within one year of the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market we have at least three independent
directors and that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as
a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in
the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in
carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Board of Directors had determined that Nelson Haight, Dr. Todd Milbourn and Wenhua
Zhang are independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

We
will only enter into a business combination if it is approved by a majority of our independent directors. Additionally, we will only
enter into transactions with our officers and directors and their respective affiliates that are on terms no less favorable to us than
could be obtained from independent parties. Any related-party transactions must be approved by our audit committee and a majority of
disinterested directors. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
audit committee of the board of directors consists of Nelson Haight, Dr. Todd Milbourn and Wenhua Zhang, each of whom is an independent
director. Dr. Todd Milbourn serves as chairman of the audit committee. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our
Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and
 discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether
 the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

discussing
 with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation
 of our financial statements; 

discussing
 with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

27 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying the
 rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
 for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing and
 approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring and
 discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the
 services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and
 the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
 or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving reimbursement
 of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

Financial
Experts on Audit Committee 

The
audit committee is composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined
under the Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and
understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In
addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience
in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results
in the individual s financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Dr. Todd Milbourn qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
compensation committee of the board of directors consists of Nelson Haight, Dr. Todd Milbourn and Wenhua Zhang, each of whom is an independent
director. Wenhua Zhang serves as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details
the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and
 approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating
 our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
 (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and
 approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

28 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management
 in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all
 special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and
 employees; 

producing a
 report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or NASDAQ rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ rules, a majority of the independent directors
may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors
can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing
nominating committee. Nelson Haight, Dr. Todd Milbourn and Wenhua Zhang will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director
nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the NASDAQ rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing
nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

We
may not have a compensation committee in place prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Any executive compensation
matters that arise prior to the time we have a compensation committee in place will be determined by our independent directors. None
of our directors who currently serve as members of our compensation committee is, or has at any time in the past been, one of our officers
or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee
of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. None of our executive officers currently
serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors of any other entity that has one or more executive officers
serving on our compensation committee. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Investors
should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our
 officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
 in allocating their time among various business activities. 

29 

In the course
 of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may
 be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. For example, all of
 our directors and officers currently serve in management positions for MOUNTAIN CREST ACQUISITION CORP. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) and Mountain
 Crest Acquisition Corp. V (Nasdaq: MCAG), all of which are special purpose acquisition companies incorporated in Delaware. Our directors
 and officers may continue to involve in the formation of other special purpose acquisition companies in the future. Thus, our officers
 and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our officers
 and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities
 similar to those intended to be conducted by our company. 

Unless we consummate
 our initial business combination, our officers, directors and other insiders will not receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket
 expenses incurred by them to the extent that such expenses exceed the amount of available proceeds not deposited in the trust account. 

The insider
 shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if our initial business combination is
 successfully completed. Additionally, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time frame,
 our officers and directors will not be entitled to receive any amounts held in the trust account with respect to any of their insider
 shares or private units. Furthermore, Mountain Crest Global Holdings LLC has agreed that the private units will not be sold or transferred
 by it until after we have completed our initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, our board may have a conflict of
 interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effect our initial business
 combination. 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation
 could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity
 is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not
 be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that the
doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application
of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have. In order to minimize potential conflicts
of interest which may arise from multiple affiliations, our officers and directors (other than our independent directors) have agreed
to present to us for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other person or entity, any suitable opportunity to acquire a target
business, until the earlier of: (1) our consummation of an initial business combination and (2) May 16, 2023.
This agreement is, however, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations such officer or director may from time
to time have to another entity. Accordingly, if any of them becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity.
We do not believe, however, that the pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers and directors will materially
undermine our ability to complete our business combination because in most cases the affiliated companies are closely held entities controlled
by the officer or director or the nature of the affiliated company s business is such that it is unlikely that a conflict will
arise. 

30 

The
following table summarizes the current material pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers, directors and director
nominees: 

Name
 of Individual 
 
 Name
 of Affiliated Company 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Suying Liu 
 
 Better Therapeutics Inc. 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 Director 

ETAO International Co.,
 Ltd. 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 Director 

Mountain Crest Acquisition
 Corp. IV 
 
 Special purpose acquisition
 company 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive
 Officer, and Chief Financial Officer 

Nelson Haight 
 
 Key Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 Energy 
 
 Senior Vice President,
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Mountain Crest Acquisition
 Corp. IV 
 
 Special purpose acquisition
 company 
 
 Director 

Todd Milbourn 
 
 Washington University Olin
 Business School 
 
 Higher Education 
 
 Vice Dean and Professor 

Mountain Crest Acquisition
 Corp. IV 
 
 Special purpose acquisition
 company 
 
 Director 

Wenhua Zhang 
 
 Azia Capital LP 
 
 Finance 
 
 Partner 

Mountain Crest Acquisition
 Corp. IV 
 
 Special purpose acquisition
 company 
 
 Director 

Our
insiders, including our officers and directors, have agreed to vote any shares of common stock held by them in favor of our initial business
combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective rights to receive any amounts held in the trust account with respect
to their insider shares and private shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time frame.
If they purchased shares of common stock in the Company s IPO or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to receive
their pro rata share of the amounts held in the trust account if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the
required time frame, but have agreed not to convert such shares in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. 

All
ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval
by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not
have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We
will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors
determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such
a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our officers, directors or other insiders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a
majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time). In no event will our insiders or any of the members
of our management team be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they
render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

31 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware
law as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will
not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty
of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of
dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, as set forth in our certificate of incorporation, such indemnification will not extend to any claims our
insiders may make to us to cover any loss that they may sustain as a result of their agreement to pay debts and obligations to target
businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us as described
elsewhere in the Prospectus. 

Our
bylaws also permits us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her
actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers 
liability insurance that insures our directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some
circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify the directors and officers. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these provisions. We believe
that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced directors
and officers. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities
laws. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of
our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of Common Stock
and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based
solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing
requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

32 

Item
 1 1. Executive
Compensation. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We currently pays our sponsor an aggregate fee of 10,000
per month for providing us with office space and certain office and secretarial services. However, this arrangement is solely for our
benefit and is not intended to provide our Chief Executive Officer compensation in lieu of a salary. 

Our
officers and directors will also receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities
on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business
combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their
operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us provided, however, that to the extent such expenses
exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an
initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements made to our sponsor, officers, directors
or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders. However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting
held to consider our initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive
and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current
Report on Form 8-K or a periodic report, as required by the SEC. 

33 

ITEM
 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth as of March 31, 2023 the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who
is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (ii) each of
our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of March 31, 2023, we had 4,060,008 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial rights included in the units or
the private rights issued pursuant to the Company s initial public offering as these rights are not convertible until consummation
of the Company s initial business combination. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of 
Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of 
Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Suying Liu (2) 
 0 
 0 
 
 Nelson Haight 
 2,400 

Todd T. Milbourn 
 2,400 

Wenhua Zhang 
 2,400 

All directors and executive officers as a group (4 individuals) 
 7,200 
 0.2 
 
 Mountain Crest Global Holdings LLC (3) 
 1,940,800 
 47.8 
 
 Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. (4) 
 225,000 
 5.5 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (5) 
 345,000 
 8.5 

Less
than one percent. 

(1) Unless
otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp.
V, 311 West 43rd Street, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10036. 

(2) On March 28, 2023, Dr. Suying
Liu resigned from his position as the managing member of the Sponsor, and as result, he no longer has any voting and dispositive power
over the shares owned by the Sponsor. 

(3) Dong Liu has voting and dispositive
power over the shares owned by the Sponsor. Dong Liu is not related to Dr. Suying Liu, the Company s Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

(4) 
 Based on information
 provided in a Schedule 13G filed on February 9, 2023. Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. and Jeffrey A. Altman (together,
 the Reporting Persons made certain joint acquisition statement, dated February 9, 2023. Each of the Reporting
 Persons disclaims beneficial ownership of the Company s shares of Common Stock except to the extent of that person s
 pecuniary interest therein. The address of the principal office of the Reporting Persons is 640 Fifth Avenue, 20th Floor, New York,
 NY 10019. 
 
 (5) 
 Based on information provided
 in a Schedule 13G filed on February 10, 2023. The address of the principal office of the Reporting Person is 16 York Street,
 Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

34 

All
of the founder shares issued pursuant to our IPO are placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow
agent, until (1) with respect to 50 of the founder shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial
business combination and the date on which the closing price of our shares of common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted
for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50 of the founder shares, one year after the
date of our consummation of the initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the initial business combination,
we consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders having the
right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

During
the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except for transfers, assignments
or sales (i) among our initial stockholders or to our initial stockholders members, officers, directors, consultants or their
affiliates, (ii) to a holder s stockholders or members upon its liquidation, (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder s
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the holder or a member of the holder s immediate family, for estate
planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations
order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or (vii) in
connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased,
in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and
to be bound by these transfer restrictions, but will retain all other rights as our stockholders, including, without limitation, the
right to vote their shares of common stock and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable
in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate,
there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the founder shares. 

Our
insiders, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount
they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid
upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of
the notes may be converted into units at a price of 10.00 per unit. The units would consist of one share of our common stock and
one right, which common stock and rights would be identical to the common stock and rights included in the private units. In the
event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust
account to repay such loaned amounts, but no other proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. 

35 

ITEM
 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Insider
Shares 

On
April 8, 2021, the Company issued 1,437,500 shares of common stock (the Insider Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate
purchase price of 25,000. The 1,437,500 Insider Shares included an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor
to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would collectively
own 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase
any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Shares). In connection with the increase in the size of the
Initial Public Offering on November 2, 2021, the Company declared a 20 stock dividend on each Insider Share thereby increasing
the number of issued and outstanding Insider Share to 1,725,000, including up to an aggregate of 225,000 shares of common stock subject
to forfeiture by the insiders to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part.
The stock dividend was considered in substance a recapitalization transaction, which was recorded and presented retroactively. As a result
of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on November 18, 2021, a total of 225,000 Insider
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Promissory
Note - Related Party 

On
April 9, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 500,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the completion of
the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Note was paid in full on November 16, 2021. The Company can no longer borrow against
this note. 

Pursuant to the stockholders approval at
the special meeting of stockholders held on December 20, 2022 (the Special Meeting ), the Company (1) filed an amendment
to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 20, 2022, giving the Company
the right to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination (the Business Combination Period from February
16, 2023 to May 16, 2023 and (2) entered into an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2021,
with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, on December 20, 2022 (the Trust Amendment ). The Trust Amendment provides
that the Company may extend the Business Combination Period by depositing 300,000 into the trust account. On February 15, 2023, the Company
extended the Business Combination Period from February 16, 2023 to May 16, 2023 by depositing 300,000 into the trust account. 

The 300,000 was loaned to the Company by
Mountain Crest Global Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the Company s sponsor (the
 Sponsor ). On February 15, 2023, the Company issued a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note in the aggregate
principal amount of 300,000 (the Note to the Sponsor. Pursuant to the Note, the Sponsor loaned the Company an
aggregate amount of 300,000 that is due and payable upon its consummation of an initial business combination with a target
business. The Note will either be paid upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination, or, at the
Sponsor s discretion, converted upon consummation of its business combination into private units at a price of 10.00 per
unit. The loan will be forgiven, except to the extent of any funds held outside of the trust account, by the Sponsor or its
affiliates if the Company is unable to consummate an initial business combination during the Business Combination Period. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

The
Company agreed, commencing on November 12, 2021, to pay the Sponsor, affiliates, or advisors a total of up to 10,000 per month
for office space, utilities, out of pocket expenses, and secretarial and administrative support. The arrangement will terminate upon
the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination or its liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid 120,000 in fees for these services. For the period from April 8, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid 20,000 in fees for these services. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 900,000 additional Units
to cover over-allotments. On November 18, 2021, the underwriter s elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase
an additional 900,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Public Share (see Note 8). 

The
Company paid an underwriting fee of 0.20 per Unit, or 1,380,000, in total which includes the fee due upon the full exercise of the
underwriters over-allotment option. 

The
underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.30 per unit, or 2,070,000 due to the option to fully exercise their overallotment
on November 18, 2021, in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee
will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business
Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

36 

Representative
Shares 

On
November 16, 2021, the Company issued to the underwriter and/or its designees 177,900 shares of common stock (the Representative
Shares ). The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an expense of the Initial Public Offering, resulting in a charge
directly to stockholder s equity. The Company estimated the fair value of Representative Shares to be 1,383,617 based upon the
offering price of the shares of 7.78 per share. The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject
to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities
will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition
of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related
to the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately
following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected
dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. 

ITEM
 14 . Principal
Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
firm of UHY LLP, or UHY, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to UHY for
services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 84,204 and 72,000, respectively, for the services
UHY performed in connection with the review of our quarterly reports and the audit of our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements
included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit-Related
Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the
audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax
Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 4,625 and 0, respectively, for the services to
us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, there were 24,372 and 0 in fees, respectively, provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those
set forth above. 

On March 31, 2023, the Company and UHY Advisors/UHY LLP entered into an
unsecured promissory note for services rendered and unpaid in the principal sum of One Hundred Eight Thousand One Dollars and Ninety Cents 108,001.90), plus interest applied monthly on any un-paid balance at the rate of eight (8 percent per year until such sum is fully
paid. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

37 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. Exhibits,
Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial
Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance
 Sheet 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statement
 of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statement
 of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statement
 of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
 to F-20 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

38 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2022, by and between SPAC and the Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 20, 2022) 

2.2 
 
 Joinder
 Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2023, by and between Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V, AUM Biosciences Pte. Ltd., AUM Biosciences
 Limited, AUM Biosciences Subsidiary Pte. Ltd. and AUM Biosciences Delaware Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 30, 2023) 

2.3 

Amendment to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2023, by and among Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V, AUM Biosciences Pte. Ltd., AUM Biosciences Limited, AUM Biosciences Subsidiary Pte. Ltd., and AUM Biosciences Delaware Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023) 
 
 2.4 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2023, by and among Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V, AUM Biosciences Pte. Ltd., AUM Biosciences Limited, AUM Biosciences Subsidiary Pte. Ltd., and AUM Biosciences Delaware Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 30, 2023) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp., V dated December 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 21, 2022) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note issued by Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V to Mountain Crest Global Holdings LLC on February 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 16, 2023) 

10.2 
 
 Promissory Note issued by UHY Advisors/UHY LLP to Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V on March 31, 2023 

10.3 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2021, between Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company dated December 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 21, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Shareholder Support Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2022, by and among SPAC, the Company and certain shareholders of the Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 20, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2022, by and among SPAC, the Company and certain holders of SPAC s common stock. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 20, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Lock-up Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 20, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 20, 2022) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated June 29, 2021, by and between the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officers and directors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 

39 

10.9 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, dated June 29, 2021, among the Registrant, and the directors and officers of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Mountain Crest Global Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant
 to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant
 to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

ITEM
 16. FORM 10-K
SUMMARY 

Not
Applicable. 

40 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MOUNTAIN
 CREST ACQUISITION CORP. V 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Suying Liu 

Name: 
 Suying
 Liu 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Suying Liu 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal executive officer), 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer), and Chairman 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Suying
 Liu 

/s/
 Nelson Haight 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Nelson
 Haight 

/s/
 Todd Milbourn 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Todd
 Milbourn 

/s/
 Wenhua Zhang 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Wenhua
 Zhang 

41 

MOUNTAIN
CREST ACQUISITION CORP. V 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Number 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance
 Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
 to F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

 Mountain
Crest Acquisition Corp. V 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for year ended December 31,
2022 and the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year
ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating.
This date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plan in regard to this matter is also discussed in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March
31, 2023 

F- 2 

MOUNTAIN
CREST ACQUISITION CORP. V 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued offering costs 
 - 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, par value, and shares at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common Stock; par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

MOUNTAIN
CREST ACQUISITION CORP. V 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period From April 8, 
2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted income per share, redeemable common stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

MOUNTAIN
CREST ACQUISITION CORP. V 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 8, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance April 8, 2021 (Inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock to Sponsor 

- 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of 223,000 Private Units 

- 

Issuance of Representative Shares 

- 

Accretion for common stock subject to redemption amount 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 

- 

Accretion for common stock subject to redemption amount 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

MOUNTAIN
CREST ACQUISITION CORP. V 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 
December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from April 8, 
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 
 - 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock to Sponsor 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of Private Units 
 - 

Repayment of promissory note related party 
 - 

Payment of offering costs 
 - 

Redemption of Common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash End of period 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 
 - 

Issuance of Representative Shares 
 - 

Offering costs paid through promissory note 
 - 

Accretion for common stock subject to redemption amount 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares
of common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is
described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit in a private placement to Mountain Crest Global Holdings LLC (the Sponsor generating
gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Following
the closing of the 

On
November 18, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option, resulting in an additional Units issued
for an aggregate amount of . In connection with the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company
also consummated the sale of an additional Private Units at 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of . A
net total of was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to . 

Transaction
costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of
other offering costs (which includes of Representative Shares at fair value See Note 6). 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. The Company s initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have
a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions
and net of amounts previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations) at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter
into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires
 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The
Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The stockholders
will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially 10.00 per
share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its
tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commission the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). 

The
Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the outstanding shares
voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to
hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required
by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks
stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor has agreed to (a) vote its Insider Shares
(as defined in Note 5), Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares held by it in favor of a Business Combination and
(b) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a Business Combination or sell any such shares to the Company
in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding
the above, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of
such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with
respect to more than an aggregate of 20 or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The
Sponsor has agreed to (i) waive its redemption rights with respect to Insider Shares, Private Shares and any Public Shares it may acquire
during or after the Initial Public Offering in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination and (ii) not to propose an
amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the
public stockholders an opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, the Sponsor will be
entitled to liquidating distributions with respect to any Public Shares acquired if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination
or liquidates within the Combination Period (defined below). 

The
Company will have until November 16, 2022 (or until February 16, 2023 if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for
a Business Combination by November 16, 2022 but has not completed the Business Combination by such date) to consummate a Business
Combination. However, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate a Business Combination within 12 months, and the
Company has not entered into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination by such date, the Company may extend the period of time
to consummate a Business Combination up to two times, each by an additional three months for a total of 18 months to complete a Business
Combination (the Combination Period ). On October 19, 2022, upon the upon the execution of a Business Combination Agreement,
the period of time for the Company to complete a Business Combination under its amended and restated certificate of incorporation is
extended for a period of 3 months from November 16, 2022 to February 16, 2023. Subsequently, as approved by its stockholders
at the special meeting of Stockholders held on December 20, 2022 (the Special Meeting ), the Company entered into an
amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2021, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, on December 20, 2022 (the Trust Amendment ). Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, SPAC has the right to extend
the time for SPAC to complete its business combination (the Business Combination Period under the Trust Agreement for
a period of 3 months from February 16, 2023 to May 16, 2023 and to the extent SPAC s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation is amended to extend the Business Combination Period, by depositing 300,000 into SPAC s trust account Trust
Account ). The Company extended the time it has to complete its initial business combination from February 16, 2023, to May 16,
2023 by depositing into the trust account on February 15, 2023 (Note 10). 

In
connection with the stockholders vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held by SPAC on December 20, 2022, 
shares were tendered for redemption. 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, divided by the number of then
outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The
Sponsor has agreed to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Private Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its respective affiliates acquire Public Shares after the Initial Public
Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a
Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting
commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund
the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining
available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit 10.00). 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per Public Share and
(ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than
 10.00 per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not
apply to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account nor will it
apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to
claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the
specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further,
the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements.
The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of
the date of these financial statements. 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides
for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded
domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the
abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or
otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection
with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of
the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business
Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination
(or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination)
and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the
Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing
could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete
a Business Combination. 

Going
Concern 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until May 16, 2023 to consummate the proposed Business Combination.
It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate the proposed Business Combination by this time. If a business combination
is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined
that the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or
liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 16, 2023. The Company intends to complete the proposed Business
Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate any
business combination by May 16, 2023. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had of cash held outside its Trust Account for use as working capital (the Working
Capital ). 

The
promissory note from the Sponsor was paid in full at November 16, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, provide the Company working capital loans, as defined below (see Note 5). To date, there were no amounts outstanding
under any working capital loans. 

The Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or
additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors
and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable
in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional
financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity,
which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and
reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable
terms, if at all. 

cash equivalents. 

shares were tendered for redemption. 

Accordingly,
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value
of and , respectively, as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance
sheets. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the common stock reflected in the balance sheets are reconciled in the following table: 

Less: 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Less: 

Redemptions of Common stock on December 20, 2022 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and 
of other offering costs. These were charged to stockholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 
was allocated to Public Shares and charged to temporary equity, and was allocated to public rights and charged to stockholders 
deficit. 

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022. The
Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. The Company is currently
not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The
Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 

for the redeemable Public Shares and for the non-redeemable shares for the year ended December 31, 2022, reflective of the
respective participation rights. 

The
earnings per share presented in the statements of operations is based on the following: 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised
or converted into common shares and then share in the Company s earnings. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same
as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented. 

. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has
not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consisted of one
share of common stock and one right Public Right ). Each Public Right entitled the holder to receive one-tenth of one share
of common stock at the closing of a Business Combination (see Note 7). On November 18, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their
over-allotment option, resulting in an additional Units issued for an aggregate amount of . 

In
connection with the stockholders vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held by SPAC on December 20, 2022, 
shares were tendered for redemption. 

Private Units
at a price of per Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. In connection with the
underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, on November 18, 2021, the Company also consummated the sale of
an additional Private Units at per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of . Each Private Unit consists of one
share of common stock Private Share and one right Private Right ). Each Private Right entitles the holder
to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock at the closing of a Business Combination. The proceeds from the Private Units were
be added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares
(subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

shares of common stock (the Insider Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate
purchase price of . The 1,437,500 Insider Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor
to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively
own 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase
any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Shares). In connection with the increase in the size of the
offering, on November 2, 2021, the company declared a 20 stock dividend on each insider share thereby increasing the number of
issued and outstanding Insider Shares to , including up to an aggregate of shares of common stock subject to forfeiture
by our insiders to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part. The stock dividend
was considered in substance a recapitalization transaction, which was recorded and presented retroactively. As a result of the underwriters 
election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on November 18, 2021, no Insider Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

The
Company agreed, commencing on November 12, 2021, to pay the Sponsor, affiliates, or advisors a total of up to per month
for office space, utilities, out of pocket expenses, and secretarial and administrative support. The arrangement will terminate upon
the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination or its liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company incurred and paid in fees for these services. For the period from April 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, the Company incurred and paid in fees for these services. 

Promissory
Notes Related Parties 

On
April 9, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the completion of
the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Note was paid in full on November 16, 2021. The Company can no longer borrow against
this note. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time, as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Each Working Capital Loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The Working Capital Loans would either be paid
upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the holder s discretion, up to of the Working
Capital Loans may be converted into Private Units at a price of 10.00 per unit. The Private Units would be identical to the Private
Units. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the Trust
Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

upon filing the registration statement and upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering and 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
Company paid an underwriting fee of per Unit (6,900,000 Units), or , in total which includes the fee due upon the full
exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. 

The
underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of per unit, or in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for
deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Representative
Shares 

Business
Combination Agreement 

On
October 19, 2022, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement with AUM Biosciences Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares
incorporated in Singapore, with company registration 201810204D (the Target ). 

Based
upon the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the period of time for the Company to complete a business combination under
its certificate of incorporation is extended for a period of three months from November 16, 2022 to February 16, 2023. Additionally,
the Company may elect to extend the time to complete the business combination for another three-month period to May 16, 2023 by
depositing certain funds into its trust account as set forth in its certificate of incorporation and its investment management trust
agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, the Target will promptly incorporate a Cayman Islands exempted company as a direct
wholly owned subsidiary of the Target Holdco ). Holdco upon incorporation will form a private company limited by shares
incorporated in Singapore as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco Amalgamation Sub and a Delaware corporation as
a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco Merger Sub and, together with Holdco and Amalgamation Sub, each, individually,
an Acquisition Entity and, collectively, the Acquisition Entities ). Each Acquisition Entity upon formation
will become a party to the Business Combination Agreement as if a party on the date of execution thereof by signing a joinder agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) Amalgamation Sub will amalgamate with
and into the Target (the Amalgamation whereby the separate existence of Amalgamation Sub will cease and the Target will
be the surviving corporation of the Amalgamation and become a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco, and (ii) following confirmation
of the effective filing of the Amalgamation but on the same day, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the SPAC Merger 
and together with the Amalgamation, the Mergers ), the separate existence of Merger Sub will cease and the Company will
be the surviving corporation of the SPAC Merger and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco. 

As
a result of the Mergers, among other things, (i) all outstanding Company Shares will be cancelled in exchange for approximately 40
million Holdco Ordinary Shares valued at 10 per Holdco share, on a fully-diluted basis (as described below in more detail), subject
to closing adjustments, (ii) each outstanding SPAC Unit will be automatically detached, (iii) each unredeemed outstanding share of
the Company s Common Stock will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive one (1) Holdco Ordinary Share, and (iv)
every ten (10) outstanding Company Rights will be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for one (1) Holdco Ordinary
Share. 

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
each AUM ordinary share issued and paid-up in the share capital of AUM shall be automatically cancelled and each AUM shareholder shall
be entitled to receive, as consideration for such AUM ordinary share, such number of newly issued Holdco Ordinary Shares equal to the
Company Exchange Ratio. The Company Exchange Ratio means the quotient obtained by dividing the Price per Company Share by 10.00 (ten
dollars). The Price per Company Share is a dollar number, dividing the Purchase Price by the Fully-Diluted Company Shares. The Purchase
Price is plus the Post-Signing Investment Amount. Post-Signing Investment Amount means the amount of proceeds received by
the AUM Companies from the sale of AUM Company Interests for not more than 10,000,000 in the aggregate after the Business Combination
Agreement was signed and before the Closing. The number of Fully-Diluted Company Shares is the sum of (a) the total number of outstanding
AUM ordinary shares and (b) the total number of AUM ordinary shares subject to issuance pursuant to the vested AUM options, in each case,
as of immediately prior to the Closing. 

Additional
Agreements Executed In Connection With the Business Combination Agreement 

Shareholder
Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company, the Target and Key Target Shareholders entered into a voting and
support agreement (the Shareholder Support Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, certain Target Shareholders
agreed not to transfer and will vote their Shares in the Target in favor of the Business Combination Agreement (including by execution
of written resolutions), the Mergers and the other Transactions, effective at Closing. The Target Shareholders party to the Shareholder
Support Agreement collectively have a sufficient number of votes to approve the Merger. The Shareholder Support Agreement and all of
its provisions will terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the earlier of the Closing or the termination of the Business
Combination Agreement. 

Sponsor
Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company, Sponsor, and the Target entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement,
pursuant to which they agree that, among other things, Sponsor (i) will not transfer and will vote its shares of the Company s
Common Stock or any additional shares of the Company s Common Stock it acquires prior to the Company Stockholder Meeting in favor
of the Business Combination Agreement, the Mergers and the other Transactions and each of the Transaction Proposals, (ii) will not redeem
any shares of the Company s Common Stock in connection with the SPAC Merger, and (iii) waives its anti-dilution rights under the
Company Charter. The Sponsor Support Agreement and all of its provisions will terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the
earlier of the Closing or the termination of the Business Combination Agreement. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. At May 27, 2021, there were
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, of which up to an aggregate of shares are subject to forfeiture to the
extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full so that the Sponsor will own 20 of the issued and
outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public
Offering and excluding the Private Shares). In connection with the increase in the size of the offering, on November 2, 2021, the
Company declared a 20 stock dividend on each insider share thereby increasing the number of issued and outstanding Insider Shares to
 , including up to an aggregate of shares of common stock subject to forfeiture by our insiders to the extent that the
underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part. According to ASC 260-10-55, the stock dividend was considered
in substance a recapitalization transaction, which was recorded and presented retroactively. 

As
a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on November 18, 2021, no Insider Shares
are currently subject to forfeiture. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding,
excluding and of common stock subject to possible redemption which are presented as temporary equity, respectively. 

Rights 

Except
in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a Public Right will automatically receive
one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of a Public Right converted
all shares held by him, her or it in connection with a Business Combination or an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation with respect to its pre-business combination activities. In the event that the Company will not be the surviving
company upon completion of a Business Combination, each holder of a Public Right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or
its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each Public Right upon consummation of the Business Combination. 

The
Company will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of Public Rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down
to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
As a result, the holders of the Public Rights must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of the holders 
rights upon closing of a Business Combination. 

Startup/Organization Expenses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax assets. Net of allowance 
 - 
 - 

The
income tax provision consists of the following: 

- 
 
 Deferred 

State 

Current 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred 
 - 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company have and of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available
to offset future taxable income, respectively. 

In
assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies
in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty
exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was . For the period from April 8, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

A
reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Merger Acquisitions expenses 

Interest Penalties 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination
by the various taxing authorities. 

At
December 31, 2022, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of in a mutual fund that is invested primarily in
U.S. Treasury Securities. Through December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew of the interest earned on the Trust Account to
pay franchise and income taxes and 50,129,447 in connection with the redemption of shares. 

At
December 31, 2021, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of in a mutual fund that is invested primarily in
U.S. Treasury Securities. Through December 31, 2021, the Company did not withdraw any of the interest earned on the Trust Account. 

The
following table presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31,
2022 and 2021 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

December 31, 2021 
 Investments held in Trust Account - Mutual Fund 
 1 

into the trust account. 

The
 was loaned to the Company, by the Sponsor. On February 15, 2023, SPAC issued a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory
note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Note to the Sponsor. Pursuant to the Note, the Sponsor loaned
the Company an aggregate amount of that is due and payable upon the Company s consummation of an initial business combination
with a target business. The Note will either be paid upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination, or, at the
Sponsor s discretion, converted upon consummation of the Company s business combination into private units at a price of
 per unit. The loan will be forgiven, except to the extent of any funds held outside of the trust account, by the Sponsor or its
affiliates if the Company is unable to consummate an initial business combination during the Business Combination Period. On February 15,
2023, SPAC extended the Business Combination Period from February 16, 2023 to May 16, 2023 by depositing 300,000 into the
trust account. 

On March 30, 2023, AUM, Mountain Crest, Holdco,
Amalgamation Sub and Merger Sub signed an amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement (the Amendment No. 2 to consent
to the termination of the Stock Escrow Agreement, eliminate Mountain Crest s right to designate a director of the Holdco Board,
remove the Closing condition that Mountain Crest shall have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 on its pro forma consolidated
balance sheet after giving effect to the Closing, and update the Company Interests issued and paid-up as of the Amalgamation Effective
Time from 8,779,752 AUM ordinary shares to 9,841,118 AUM ordinary shares. 

On March 31, 2023, the Company and UHY Advisors/UHY LLP, the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, entered into an unsecured promissory note for services rendered and unpaid in the principal
sum of One Hundred Eight Thousand One Dollars and Ninety Cents 108,001.90), plus interest applied monthly on any un-paid balance at
the rate of eight (8 percent per year until such sum is fully paid. If 108,001.90 is paid in full on this promissory note no later
than July 31, 2023, all accrued finance charges on this promissory note will be forgiven. The promissory note is payable by the Company
in advance without penalty. 

F- 20 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 mountaincrest5_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As
of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (the Company, 
 we, us, or our had three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): the Company s units, common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
and rights. 

The
following description of the Company s capital stock and provisions of the Company s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the text of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Copies
of these documents have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description has been filed
as an exhibit. 

General 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 30,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001. As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, 4,060,008 shares of common stock are issued or outstanding. The following description
summarizes all of the material terms of our securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is
important to you. For a complete description you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which
are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Units 

Each
unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one share of common stock and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof
to receive one- tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, we will not
issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole
share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Delaware Law. As a result, stockholders must hold rights
in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of their rights upon closing of a business combination. 

Common
Stock 

Our
holders of record of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In
connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, our insiders, officers and directors, have agreed to vote
their respective shares of common stock owned by them immediately prior to the Company s IPO, including both the insider shares
and the private shares, and any shares acquired in the IPO or in the open market, in favor of the proposed business combination. 

We
will consummate our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the business combination. 

If
we do not complete a business combination prior to May 16, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. At such time, the rights will expire and holders of the rights
will receive nothing upon a liquidation with respect to such rights, and the rights will be worthless. However, if we anticipate that
we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination prior to May 16, 2023, our insiders or their affiliates may, but are
not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company on the date of this
annual report on Form 10-K, In the event that they elected to extend the time to complete a business combination and deposited the applicable
amount of money into trust, the insiders would receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such
deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside
the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the relevant
insider s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00
per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes
to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice from
our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing
such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the
applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are
not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that some,
but not all, of our insiders, decide to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination, such insiders (or their
affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire amount required. 

1 

Our
stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable
to the shares of common stock, except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in any tender offer or have
their shares of common stock converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business
combination and the business combination is completed. If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation
relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to
complete a business combination), we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and
income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. In either of such events, converting
stockholders would be paid their pro rata portion of the trust account promptly following consummation of the business combination or
the approval of the amendment to the certificate of incorporation. If the business combination is not consummated or the amendment is
not approved, stockholders will not be paid such amounts. 

Rights
included as part of units 

Except
in cases where we are not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one- tenth
(1/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of a public right converted
all shares of common stock held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our certificate
of incorporation with respect to our pre-business combination activities. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion
of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order
to receive the one- tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional shares of common stock upon consummation
of an initial business combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held
by affiliates of ours). If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity,
the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the common
stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis. 

We
will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest
whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result,
you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust
account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from
our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no
contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination.
Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

2 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business
combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a
business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not
currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size
of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in which case we will effect a stock dividend immediately prior to
the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the number of insider shares at 20.0 of our issued and outstanding shares
of our common stock upon the consummation of our initial public offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare
dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent 

The
transfer agent for our securities is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, 1 State Street,
New York, New York 10004. 

Listing
of our Securities 

Our
units, common stock and rights trade separately on Nasdaq under the symbols MCAGU, MCAG and MCAGR, 
respectively. The common stock will not trade separately unless and until we consummate an initial business combination. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, regulating corporate takeovers upon completion
of our initial public offering. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a
 business combination with: 

a
 stockholder who owns 10 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an
 affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an
 associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A
 business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section
203 do not apply if: 

our
 board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date
 of the transaction; 

after
 the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at
 least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common
 stock; or 

on
 or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a
 meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting
 stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

3 

Exclusive
Forum Selection 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that unless the Corporation consents
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum
for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation,
(ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to
the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers
or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the GCL or this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, or
(iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine,
except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, (a) any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, and (b) any action or
claim arising under the Exchange Act or Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Section
27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

Staggered
board of directors 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most
circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Special
meeting of stockholders 

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by resolution of the board of directors, or by the Chairman
or the President. 

Advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 

Our
bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice will need to be delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day
nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders.
Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude
our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders. 

4 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 mountaincrest5_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 108,001.90 

 Date: March 31, 2023 

 New York, New York 

On demand, for valuable consideration given to Mountain Crest Acquisition
Corp. V (hereinafter Maker ), Maker does hereby promise to pay to UHY Advisors/UHY LLP, (hereinafter Holder ),
at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 38th Floor, New York, NY 10036, the principal sum of One Hundred Eight Thousand One and 90/100 dollars 108,001.90), plus interest applied monthly on any un-paid balance at the rate of eight (8 percent per year until fully paid per the
payment terms specified in this note. 

Said sum represents the un-paid balance due incurred by Maker for services
provided by Holder as evidenced by UHY LLP invoices 550424033, 550424346, 550425026, 550415216, and 550426702 and UHY Advisors invoice
620425667. If 108,001.90 is paid in full on this Note no later than July 31, 2023, all accrued finance charges on this promissory note
will be forgiven. 

If the sum of payments of 108,001.90 is not received timely, per the above
conditions, the un-paid balance of the 108,001.90 principal plus accrued interest will be immediately due and all payments made on this
Note will be first applied to accrued interest charges and then to principal and the note will be in default; and Maker waives presentment,
demand, notice of protest, non-payment and dishonor. 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT/ACCELERATION . If any of the following events occur: 

1. TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE WITH REGARD TO PAYMENT . If
any payment or principal called for in this Promissory Note is not received upon the due date, or if any check shall be returned by Maker s
bank for any reason whatsoever, such activity shall constitute default of Maker in the terms of this Promissory Note. Upon such a default,
the Holder may, at its option and without notice to any other, declare the entire unpaid principal balance due and payable, together
with interest at the highest legal rate available in the State of New York, and together with reimbursement of all costs and actual attorney
fees incurred in the collection thereof. Upon such a default and acceleration, interest shall begin on the accelerated balance due from
the first day of such default until paid in full. In the event of default, the Holder shall have the right to exercise any and all legal
remedies available to the Holder. 

2. Should the Maker be adjudicated a bankrupt or be declared
insolvent, or make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or should any Receiver or Trustee be appointed for the business
or property of the Maker; then the Holder may, at its option and without notice to any other, declare the entire unpaid principal balance
due and payable, together with interest at the highest legal rate available in the State of New York, and together with reimbursement
of all costs and actual attorney fees incurred in the collection thereof. Upon such a default and acceleration, interest shall begin
on the accelerated balance due from the first day of such default until paid in full. In the event of default, the Holder shall have
the right to exercise any and all legal remedies available to the Holder. 

WAIVER . No delay or omission on the part of the Holder in exercising
any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right under this Note. A waiver on one occasion shall not be construed
as a bar to, or waiver of, any such right and/or remedy on any future occasion. 

WAIVER OF PRESENTATION . Maker hereby waives presentation for payment,
demand, notice on non-payment, protest, and all other demands and notices required by law (statutory or otherwise), expressly excepting
all notices specified in the Promissory Note. 

MISCELLANEOUS . This Note shall be binding on the Maker and its respective
successors and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder, its successors and assigns. This Note is delivered in the State of New York and
is governed by New York law. Section headings are for the convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of the
Note. 

In WITNESS THEREOF, Maker has this 31st day of March 2023, signed on its
behalf. 

Principal amount due, 108,001.90 

Dr. Suying Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V 

311 W 43rd St, 12th Floor 

New York, NY 10036 

Signature and date 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 mountaincrest5_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Suying Liu, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Suying Liu 

Suying Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 mountaincrest5_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Suying Liu, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Suying Liu 

Suying Liu 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 mountaincrest5_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Suying Liu, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Suying Liu 

Suying Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 mountaincrest5_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Suying Liu, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
 the Company. 

Date: March
 31, 2023 

/s/ Suying Liu 

Suying Liu 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mcag-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mcag-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mcag-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mcag-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

