<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1739445_0001739445-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12786173</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>318814</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3019612</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4282020</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2572936</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2378738</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001739445-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224110308
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001739445-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Arcosa, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001739445
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FABRICATED STRUCTURAL METAL PRODUCTS [3440]
		IRS NUMBER:				825339416
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38494
		FILM NUMBER:		23663930

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 N. AKARD SREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-942-6500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 N. AKARD SREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001739445-23-000018.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 aca-20221231.htm
 10-K

aca-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was billion. 
 At January 13, 2023 the number of shares of common stock outstanding was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

2 

ARCOSA, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Caption Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 2. Properties 
 28 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 34 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 53 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 85 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 85 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 88 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 88 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 89 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 89 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 90 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 90 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 90 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 91 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 94 

3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 General Description of Business. Arcosa, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, Arcosa, Company, we, or our headquartered in Dallas, Texas, is a provider of infrastructure-related products and solutions with leading brands serving construction, engineered structures, and transportation markets in North America. Our individual businesses have built reputations for quality, service, and operational excellence over decades. Arcosa serves a broad spectrum of infrastructure-related markets and is strategically focused on driving organic and disciplined acquisition growth to capitalize on the fragmented nature of many of the industries in which we operate. With Arcosa s current platform of businesses and additional growth opportunities, we are well-aligned with key market trends, such as the replacement and growth of aging transportation infrastructure, the continued shift to renewable power generation, and the expansion of new transmission, distribution, and telecommunications infrastructure. Our businesses support critical infrastructure sectors and our plants have continued to operate throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Arcosa is a Delaware corporation and was incorporated in 2018 in connection with the separation (the Separation of Arcosa from Trinity Industries, Inc. Trinity or Former Parent on November 1, 2018 as an independent, publicly-traded company, listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 500 N. Akard Street, Suite 400, Dallas, Texas 75201. Our telephone number is 972-942-6500, and our Internet website address is www.arcosa.com . We make available free of charge on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments thereto, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Information on our Investor Relations page and on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other securities filings unless specifically incorporated herein by reference. 
 Long-Term Vision. We are united in our shared purpose to fulfill the four pillars of our long-term vision. 
 
 Overview. Arcosa's three segments are made up of leading businesses that serve critical infrastructure markets: 
 
 (1) On October 3, 2022, the Company completed the sale of its storage tanks business. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Our Segments. The Company reports operating results in three principal business segments. For additional information regarding revenues, operating profit, and identifiable assets by segment, please refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Construction Products. 
 Products 
 Through wholly owned subsidiaries, our Construction Products segment produces and sells natural and recycled aggregates, specialty materials, and construction site support equipment, including trench shields and shoring products. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for revenues attributable to aggregates and specialty materials. 
 Natural Aggregates: We are an established producer and distributor of natural aggregates serving both public infrastructure and private construction markets and operate in Texas, our largest geographic exposure, and 8 other states. We manage the business from the four regions of Texas (including Arkansas and Oklahoma), the Ohio River Valley, the Gulf Coast, and the West. We operate primarily from open pit quarries and have one underground mine. Our natural aggregates products include sand, gravel, limestone, stabilized material, and various other products used in the production of ready mixed concrete, cement, and other precast concrete products, roads, municipal and private water, sewer and drainage projects, oil and gas well pads, wind farms, as well as various other building products. 
 During 2021, we expanded our natural aggregates platform through two large acquisitions. In April 2021, we completed the acquisition of StonePoint Ultimate Holding, LLC and affiliated entities (collectively StonePoint ), a top 25 U.S. construction aggregates company, which expanded our footprint in Texas and the Gulf Coast and provided entry into new geographic markets in Tennessee and the Ohio River Valley. In August 2021, we completed the acquisition of Southwest Rock Products, LLC and affiliated entities (collectively Southwest Rock ), a leading Arizona pure-play aggregates producer, which provided scaled entry into the Phoenix metropolitan area. 
 Recycled Aggregates: Recycled aggregates are a complement to our natural aggregates platform and are produced by crushing concrete reclaimed from demolished highways, buildings, and other structures. The raw product material is processed to remove steel, rebar, shingles, and other debris, and screened to appropriate sizes for use as a road base, erosion control, for building foundations, and as a backfill for utility trenches. Recycled aggregates currently supply a small percentage of total aggregates supplied nationwide. We believe the supply of recycled aggregates will continue to grow in use due to resource scarcity and associated ESG benefits, reduced disposal and acceptance of concrete in landfills, and energy savings from less processing and transportation costs. Recycled aggregates are a substitute to natural aggregates, primarily for hard rock uses. 
 During 2022, we expanded our recycled aggregates platform, which is largely Texas based, through the acquisition of Recycled Aggregate Materials Company, Inc. RAMCO with operations in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. 
 Specialty Materials: Our specialty materials, including lightweight aggregates, select natural aggregates, and milled or processed specialty building products and agricultural products, are produced and distributed nationwide. We currently operate in ten states and British Columbia, with several of our production facilities operating at the quarries that produce the raw material inputs, which include shale, clay, limestone, and gypsum. Lightweight aggregates are select shales or clays that are expanded and hardened by high temperatures in a rotary kiln and possess a bulk density that can be less than half that of natural aggregates. Product applications include structural lightweight concrete, lightweight masonry block, and road surface treatments. Our specialty building products and agricultural products are processed at several production facilities across the U.S., mostly using our natural aggregates as a component of raw material supply. Product applications include plasters, prills, agricultural supplements and fertilizers, paints, flooring, glass, ingredients for food and feed, cement, energy infrastructure, and other products. 
 Construction Site Support: We hold a strong market position in the manufacture of trench shields and shoring products for the U.S. construction industry. Trench shields and shoring products are used for water and sewer construction, utility installations, manhole work, oil and gas pipeline construction, and other underground applications. Additionally, we participate in certain regional rental markets for trench shoring equipment. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Markets 
 Over a multi-year horizon, we believe that approximately half of our current portfolio of construction materials are used in infrastructure projects. The other half of our construction materials demand is split across residential, non-residential, and specialty/other end markets. 
 Infrastructure Construction: Infrastructure construction includes construction spending by federal, state, and local governments for roads, highways, bridges, airports, and other public infrastructure, as well as private spending on road and utility construction. Public infrastructure spending is typically supported by federal and state legislation and programs. On December 4, 2015, the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act FAST Act was signed into law. The FAST Act authorized 305 billion of public infrastructure funding from 2016 to 2020. It was subsequently extended to provide an additional 13.6 billion in 2021. On November 15, 2021, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act IIJA was signed into law, which provides approximately 350 billion for federal highway programs from 2022 through 2026 by extending many of the programs in the FAST Act at higher funding levels, as well as supplemental funding for roads, bridges, and other major projects. Most of this funding is apportioned to states, based on formulas specified in the IIJA and provides funding through a wide range of competitive grant programs. 
 Residential Construction: Residential construction includes single family homes and multi-family units such as apartments and condominiums. Demand for residential construction is influenced primarily by population growth, new household formation, and mortgage interest rates. 
 Non-Residential Construction: Non-residential construction includes a wide variety of privately financed construction including manufacturing and distribution facilities, industrial complexes, office buildings, and large retailers and wholesalers. Demand for non-residential construction is driven primarily by population and economic growth, in addition to segment-specific factors such as the growth of e-commerce, changes in retail patterns, changes in office occupancy trends, and numerous other factors. 
 Specialty/Other: Our products are used in various other end markets including energy-related activities such as drilling pads, roads and major downstream projects, agriculture/horticulture, and industrial uses. 
 In 2022, we had shipments of approximately 37 million tons of aggregates and specialty materials, including approximately 4 million tons of recycled aggregates. Texas is our largest geographic market, representing approximately 45 of the segment's revenues in 2022. All other states each are less than 10 of segment revenues. Within Texas, we primarily serve the Texas Triangle formed by the Dallas-Fort Worth metro at its northern point in North Texas; the Houston metro at its southeastern edge on the Gulf Coast; and Austin-San Antonio at its western tip in Central Texas. The outlook for construction spending in Texas is favorable with 2023 fiscal year planned Texas Department of Transportation TxDOT lettings of approximately 8.8 billion. In 2022, TxDOT released its 10-year Unified Transportation Program identifying a record 85 billion of infrastructure projects, an increase of 10 billion from the prior year. Population and household formation growth have contributed to a strong residential housing market in recent years, however the recent rise in interest rates has caused a near term slow down, with housing permits, an indication of future construction activity, down approximately 1 in Texas in 2022 compared to the previous year. Non-residential construction activity, while currently negatively impacted by supply chain delays incited by the COVID-19 pandemic, generally follows a strong residential construction cycle on a lagged basis. 
 Customers and Competitors 
 For natural and recycled aggregates and specialty materials, our customers include concrete producers; commercial, residential, highway, and general contractors; manufacturers of masonry and building products; and state and local governments. 
 Shipments of natural and recycled aggregates from an individual quarry or stationary crushing location are generally limited in geographic scope because the cost of transportation to customers is high relative to the value of the product itself. Where practical, we have operations located close to our local markets and, in certain locations, offer portable crushing services at a job site for re-use onsite. Proximity of our active quarries, stationary crushing locations, and strategic reserves to demand centers serve as barriers to entry. 
 The U.S. aggregates industry is a highly fragmented industry with more than 5,000 producers nationwide. We compete, in most cases, with natural and recycled aggregates producers in the regions where we operate. Many opportunities for consolidation exist. Therefore, companies in the industry tend to grow by acquiring existing facilities to extend their current market positions or enter new markets. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our specialty materials products enjoy higher barriers to entry than our natural aggregates due to specific mineral properties, specialized manufacturing, or additional processing. Due to the added value in processing, specialty materials have a much wider, multi-state distribution area due to their higher value relative to their distribution costs as compared to natural and recycled aggregates. We compete with specialty materials producers nationwide. 
 For trench shields and shoring products, our customers are equipment rental dealers and commercial, residential, and industrial contractors. We compete with shoring products manufacturers nationwide. 
 Raw Material and Suppliers 
 The primary raw material for our natural aggregates and specialty materials comes from quarries. Natural aggregates and specialty materials can be found throughout the U.S. We have a proven and successful record of securing long-term reserve positions for both current and future mine locations through our employment of exploration teams and the use of professional third parties. Our reserves are critical to our raw material supply and long-term success. We currently estimate that we have 1.2 billion tons of proven and probable natural aggregates and specialty materials reserves strategically located in favorable markets that are expected to require large amounts of aggregates to meet future construction demand. For further discussion of our natural aggregates and specialty materials reserves, please refer to Item 2. Properties . 
 Recycled aggregates are not dependent on reserves and the primary raw material is demolished concrete which is processed into recycled aggregates. We source raw material both internally and externally primarily from demolition and road removal projects. We control a portion of our raw material needs through demolition services that we provide and source the remainder in competitive markets from third parties. Due to increasing landfill scarcity the acceptance of demolished concrete may be restricted, increasing the availability of raw product at our crushing locations. In addition, in certain markets, we are paid a fee to accept raw product. Our operating permits which allow recycling activities and the strategic location of our stationary crushing sites are competitive advantages. 
 Engineered Structures. 
 Products 
 Through wholly owned subsidiaries, our Engineered Structures segment primarily manufactures and sells steel structures for infrastructure businesses, including utility structures for electricity transmission and distribution, structural wind towers, traffic structures, and telecommunication structures. These products share similar manufacturing competencies and steel sourcing requirements and can be manufactured across our North American footprint. This segment also historically manufactured and sold storage and distribution tanks. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for revenues attributable to our Engineered Structures products. 
 Utility Structures: We are a well-established manufacturer in the U.S. and Mexico of engineered steel utility structures, including tapered steel and lattice structures, for electricity transmission and distribution. We also manufacture pre-stressed concrete poles for utility, lighting, transportation, and telecommunications markets. In 2022, we began construction of a new concrete pole plant in Florida to serve increased grid hardening and renewable energy investment. 
 Wind Towers: We are one of the leading manufacturers of structural wind towers in the U.S. and Mexico with plants strategically located in wind-rich regions of North America. 
 Traffic Structures: We manufacture steel traffic structures for use on the U.S. highway and road system primarily serving Florida and adjacent states. Our products include overhead steel sign structures, tolling gantry structures, mast and sign arms, and other custom solutions. We have one dedicated manufacturing plant in Florida and have the capability to manufacture traffic structures in our other Engineered Structures plants. 
 Telecommunication Structures: We manufacture telecom structures, including self-supporting lattice towers, monopole towers, and guyed towers. We have one manufacturing plant in Oklahoma and have the capability to manufacture telecom structures in our other Engineered Structures plants. 
 In October 2022, we completed the sale of our storage tanks business. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Markets 
 Our Engineered Structures segment serves a broad spectrum of infrastructure markets, including electricity transmission and distribution, wind power generation, highway road construction, and wireless communication. We believe we are well-positioned to benefit from significant upgrades in the electrical grid to support enhanced reliability, policy changes encouraging more generation from renewable energy sources, the expansion of new transmission, distribution, and telecommunication infrastructure, and the replacement and growth of the U.S. highway and road system. 
 Our utility structures business is well-positioned to benefit from significant investment in utility infrastructure. There is strong demand for transmission and distribution structures across the U.S. as much of the utility infrastructure has aged and needs replacement. Global concerns regarding emissions have increased consumer demand for electricity. Upgrades to utility structures are needed to support larger equipment that is required to withstand growing load demand and to allow for connectivity of the grid to renewable energy sources. The IIJA, enacted in November 2021, provides 73 billion in additional federal funding to support the investment needed in the U.S. power grid. 
 We believe we are well-positioned to benefit from healthy public infrastructure spending in Florida and adjacent states and have opportunities to grow organically into new geographies as well. Additionally, we expect to benefit from continued spending on the buildout of 5G and other wireless networks in North America. We anticipate that the IIJA will be supportive for these businesses as well due to the increased level of highway spending and the provision for 65 billion in additional federal funding for broadband infrastructure. 
 Demand for new wind energy projects in the U.S. has been supported by the Renewable Electricity Production Tax Credit PTC that was first introduced in 1992, providing a tax credit for electricity produced at each qualifying wind project. Since inception, the PTC has undergone numerous extensions and received varying levels of legislative support, contributing to volatility in the demand for new wind energy installations. Following a multi-year extension in 2015 and a series of annual extensions in 2020 and 2021, the PTC expired at the end of 2021 creating a lapse in support for new wind farm projects beginning in 2022. In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA passed, providing a long-term extension of the PTC for new wind farm projects and introduced a new advanced manufacturing tax credit for companies that domestically manufacture and sell clean energy equipment in the U.S. from 2023 to 2032. The wind industry is currently awaiting finalization of the IRA's tax credit rules from the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). Subject to further clarification from the IRS, we believe these tax incentives provide a significant multi-year catalyst for our wind towers business. Together with the increased cost competitiveness of wind energy, state renewable fuel mandates, and increasing business acceptance of long-term decarbonization goals, we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from these wind energy incentives. 
 Customers and Competitors 
 Through our recognized brands in our utility structures business, we have developed strong relationships with our primary customers, public and private utilities. We compete with both domestic and foreign manufacturers on the basis of product quality, engineering expertise, customer service, and on-time delivery of the product. Sales to our customers, particularly certain large utility customers, are often made through alliance contracts that can extend several years. We also sell into the competitive-bid market, whereby the lowest bidder is awarded the contract, provided all other qualifying criteria are met. 
 Within our wind towers business, our primary customers are wind turbine producers. We compete with both domestic and foreign producers of towers. Revenues from GE Renewable Energy GE included in our Engineered Structures segment constituted 9.3 , 9.5 , and 15.3 of consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Our traffic structures business primarily sells to individual state Departments of Transportation and highway contractors typically in a competitive-bid market. 
 Our telecom structures business sells to wireless communication carriers and third-party tower lessors and developers. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Raw Materials and Suppliers 
 The principal material used in our Engineered Structures segment is steel. During 2022, the supply of steel was sufficient to support our manufacturing requirements. Overall steel prices began to rise sharply in late 2020, reaching record levels in 2021. While hot rolled coil prices normalized to more historic levels during 2022, plate steel prices reached new highs before moderating somewhat but remain elevated. Steel prices may be volatile in the future in part as a result of market conditions. We use contract-specific purchasing practices, existing supplier commitments, contractual price escalation provisions, flexing between steel type, and other arrangements with our customers to mitigate the effect of steel price volatility on our operating profit for the year. Arcosa s manufacturing operations also use component parts such as flanges for wind towers. In general, we believe there is enough capacity in the supply industries to meet current production levels without any material impacts. We anticipate our existing contracts and other relationships with multiple suppliers will meet our current production forecasts. 
 Transportation Products. 
 Products 
 Through wholly owned subsidiaries, our Transportation Products segment manufactures and sells inland barges, fiberglass barge covers, winches, marine hardware, and steel components for railcars and other transportation and industrial equipment. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for revenues attributable to inland barges and steel components products. 
 Inland Barges: We have a leading position in the U.S. market for the manufacture of inland barges and fiberglass barge covers. We manufacture a variety of hopper barges, tank barges, deck barges, and fiberglass covers, and provide a full line of deck hardware to the marine industry, including hatches, castings, and winches for barges, towboats, and dock facilities. Dry cargo barges transport various commodities, such as grain, coal, and aggregates. Tank barges transport liquids, including refined products, chemicals, and a variety of petroleum products. Deck barges are used for transportation of heavy, oversized cargo and construction support. Our fiberglass reinforced lift covers are used primarily for grain barges. 
 Steel Components: We are a recognized manufacturer of steel components for railcars and other transportation equipment. We manufacture axles, circular forgings, and coupling devices for freight, tank, locomotive, and passenger rail transportation equipment, as well as other industrial uses, and provide cast components for use in the industrial and mining sectors. 
 Markets 
 Our Transportation Products segment consists of established companies that supply manufactured steel products to the transportation industry. 
 Our inland barge business serves numerous end-markets through a base of established customers who support the transportation of staple commodities such as grain, coal, aggregates, chemicals, fertilizers, petrochemicals, and refined products. Despite recent declines, the dry and liquid barge replacement cycles are expected to remain fundamentally strong as investments in the aging barge fleet over the last 5 to 6 years have been below long-term average replacement rates (with the exception of 2019 for liquid barges). Approximately 35 of the hopper fleet and 25 of the tank fleet are more than 20 years old. The replacement of these fleets is expected to drive healthy demand based on an assumed 25 to 30-year useful life. In the dry barge industry, scrapping has exceeded new builds every year since 2016 suggesting a strong deferred replacement cycle that we expect will be supported by a recovery in agriculture once plate steel prices normalize after increasing sharply over the last two years. The liquid barge industry is poised to benefit from expected growth in the U.S. petrochemical industry and difficulty in new pipeline permitting and construction. 
 Our steel component business primarily serves the North American railcar industry, both the new car and maintenance markets, as well as various mining and industrial markets. Demand for steel components is increasing relative to cyclical lows in 2020 and 2021 as the outlook for the new railcar market has improved and reflects a stable level of replacement demand. 
 Customers and Competitors 
 Our barge manufacturing facilities are located along the U.S. inland river systems, which allows for rapid delivery to our customers. Our inland barge customers are primarily commercial marine transportation companies, lessors, and industrial shippers. While we compete with several other manufacturers in the U.S., we hold a majority share of the inland barge manufacturing market. We believe we are well-positioned to benefit from the expected fleet replacement cycle in both dry and liquid barges. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our customers for our steel components businesses are primarily freight and passenger railcar manufacturers, rail maintenance and repair facilities, railroads, steel mills, and mining equipment manufacturers. We compete with both domestic and foreign manufacturers. 
 Raw Materials and Suppliers 
 The principal material used in our Transportation Products segment is steel. During 2022, the supply of steel was sufficient to support our manufacturing requirements. Overall steel prices began to rise sharply in late 2020, reaching record levels in 2021. While hot rolled coil prices normalized to more historic levels during 2022, plate steel prices reached new highs before moderating somewhat but remain elevated. Steel prices may be volatile in the future in part as a result of market conditions. We use contract-specific purchasing practices, existing supplier commitments, contractual price escalation provisions, flexing between steel type, and other arrangements with our customers to mitigate the effect of steel price volatility on our operating profit for the year. Arcosa s manufacturing operations also use component parts such as pumps, engines, and hardware for tank barges. In general, we believe there is enough capacity in the supply industries to meet current production levels without any material impacts. We anticipate our existing contracts and other relationships with multiple suppliers will meet our current production forecasts. 
 Unsatisfied Performance Obligations (Backlog). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our backlog of firm orders was as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in millions) Engineered Structures: Utility, wind, and related structures 671.3 437.5 Storage tanks (1) 
 22.0 Transportation Products: Inland barges 225.1 92.7 
 (1) On October 3, 2022, the Company completed the sale of its storage tanks business and its related backlog. 
 Approximately 57 of the unsatisfied performance obligations for our utility, wind, and related structures in our Engineered Structures segment are expected to be delivered during the year ending 2023, 24 expected to be delivered during the year ending 2024, with the remainder expected to be delivered during the year ending 2025. All of the unsatisfied performance obligations for inland barges in our Transportation Products segment are expected to be delivered during the year ending 2023. 
 Marketing. We sell substantially all of our products and services through our own sales personnel operating from offices in multiple locations in the U.S. and Mexico. We also use independent sales representatives and distributors. 
 Human Capital. The Company employed approximately 5,230 employees as of December 31, 2022. The following table presents the approximate headcount breakdown of employees by segment: 
 December 31, 2022 Construction Products 1,860 Engineered Structures 2,365 Transportation Products 900 Corporate 105 5,230 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 4,125 employees were employed in the U.S., 1,090 employees in Mexico, and 15 employees in Canada. 
 The decrease in employee headcount from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was largely due to the sale of the storage tanks business. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Employee Health and Safety. 
 Arcosa is committed to safety across our operations. Our highest priority is the health and safety of our employees. We strive to continuously improve our procedures, processes, and management systems with regard to employee health and safety. These efforts are achieved by promoting safe work practices among employees and contractors and maintaining property and equipment in safe operating conditions. In furtherance of Arcosa s commitment to improving our safety performance, the Company achieved improvements in certain safety metrics during 2022. 
 In 2019, we launched a reenergized safety initiative, ARC 100, to build a positive and proactively engaged culture of safety excellence. ARC 100 is inspired by the voices of frontline employees, driven by cross-functional teams, and actively supported by visible commitment from senior leaders. During 2022, Arcosa experienced progress in reducing severity and frequency of safety incidents as a result of a continued focus on building a strong safety culture through its ARC 100 safety initiative. 
 The outbreak and continuance of the COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the critical importance of focusing on the health and wellness of our employees. As an essential business, we have followed the federal, state, and local guidelines governing our facilities and shared best practices across the organization with the goal of protecting our employees. In 2022, Arcosa continued to monitor and implement safeguards, guidelines, and best practices for COVID-19 mitigation procedures. 
 Diversity and Inclusion. 
 Arcosa values diversity and inclusion within its workforce and is committed to a work environment which promotes professionalism and inclusiveness. One of Arcosa s core values is We Win Together . This belief drives our commitment to a workplace free from discrimination where collaboration, dedication, and unity align to drive favorable results for all stakeholders. 
 Talent Attraction and Management. 
 Arcosa believes that its future success is highly dependent upon the Company s continued ability to attract, retain, and motivate qualified employees. As part of the Company s effort to attract and motivate employees, Arcosa offers competitive compensation and benefits, including healthcare and retirement benefits, parental and family leave, and holiday and paid time off. 
 In 2022, Arcosa launched LEAD: Leadership Exploration and Development. This formal employee development program was created to help identify internal talent, provide skill and competency growth opportunities, and build a deep bench of emerging leaders at the Company. 
 Arcosa fosters employee development through a variety of leadership and training programs, like LEAD, as well as tuition reimbursement at education institutions, professional society memberships, and relevant conference and symposia attendance. 
 Seasonality. Results in our Construction Products segment are affected by seasonal fluctuations with the second and third quarters historically being the quarters with the highest revenues. 
 Intellectual Property. Arcosa owns several patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and licenses to intellectual property owned by others. Although Arcosa s intellectual property rights are important to Arcosa s success, we do not regard our business as being dependent on any single patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, or license. For a discussion of risks related to our intellectual property, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to our Business and Operations. 
 Governmental Regulation. 
 Construction Products. Arcosa s Construction Products segment is subject to regulation by the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA ), the Health-Safety and Reclamation Code of Ministry of Mines for British Columbia, and various state agencies, and certain specialty materials are regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). 
 Engineered Structures. Arcosa s Engineered Structures segment is subject to the regulations by the U.S. Department of Transportation USDOT and various state agencies, including state departments of transportation. These agencies promulgate and enforce rules and regulations pertaining, in part, to the manufacture of tanks that are used in the storage, transportation and transport arrangement, and distribution of regulated and non-regulated substances. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Transportation Products. The primary regulatory and industry authorities involved in the regulation of the inland barge industry are the U.S. Coast Guard, the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board, the U.S. Customs Service, the Maritime Administration of the USDOT, and private industry organizations such as the American Bureau of Shipping. These organizations establish safety criteria, investigate vessel accidents, and recommend improved safety standards. 
 Our steel components businesses that serve the railcar industry are regulated by governmental agencies such as the USDOT and the administrative agencies it oversees, including the Federal Railroad Administration, and industry authorities such as the Association of American Railroads. All such agencies and authorities promulgate rules, regulations, specifications, and operating standards affecting rail-related safety standards for railroad equipment. 
 Occupational Safety and Health Administration and Similar Regulations. In addition to the regulations described above, our operations are subject to regulation of health and safety matters by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA and, within our Construction Products segment, MSHA. We believe that we employ appropriate precautions to protect our employees and others from workplace injuries and harmful exposure to materials handled and managed at our facilities. However, claims that may be asserted against Arcosa for work-related illnesses or injury and the further adoption of occupational and mine safety and health regulations in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions in which we operate could increase our operating costs. While we do not anticipate having to make material expenditures in order to remain in substantial compliance with health and safety laws and regulations, we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance. 
 International Regulations . We ship raw materials to Mexico and manufacture products in Mexico that are sold in the U.S. or elsewhere, which are subject to customs and other regulations. In addition, we are subject to other governmental regulations and authorities in Mexico and other countries where we conduct business that regulate products manufactured, sold, or used in those countries. 
 Environmental, Health, and Safety. We are subject to federal, state, and international environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations in the U.S., Mexico, and each country in which we operate, including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency USEPA ). These include laws regulating air emissions, water discharge, hazardous materials, and waste management. We have an environmental management structure designed to facilitate and support our compliance with these requirements globally. Although it is our intent to comply with all such requirements and regulations, we cannot provide assurance that we are at all times in compliance. Environmental requirements are complex, change frequently, and have tended to become more stringent over time. Accordingly, we cannot assure that environmental requirements will not change or become more stringent over time or that our eventual environmental costs and liabilities will not be material. 
 Certain environmental laws assess liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances. At this time, we are involved in various stages of investigation and cleanup related to environmental remediation matters at certain of our facilities. In addition, there may be soil or groundwater contamination at several of our properties resulting from historical, ongoing, or nearby activities. 
 We cannot ensure that our eventual environmental remediation costs and liabilities will not exceed the amount of our current reserves. In the event that such liabilities were to significantly exceed the amounts recorded, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding reserves for environmental matters. 
 See Item 1A for further discussion of risk factors with regard to environmental, governmental, and other matters. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Information About Our Executive Officers. The following table sets forth the names and ages of all our executive officers, their positions and offices presently held by them, and the year each person first became an officer. 
 Name Age Office Officer 
 Since 
 Antonio Carrillo 56 President and Chief Executive Officer 2018 Gail M. Peck 55 Chief Financial Officer 2018 Reid S. Essl 41 Group President 2018 Kerry S. Cole 54 Group President 2018 Jesse E. Collins, Jr. 56 Group President 2018 Bryan P. Stevenson 49 Chief Legal Officer 2018 Mary E. Henderson 64 Chief Accounting Officer 2018 
 Antonio Carrillo serves as Arcosa s President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as a member of its Board of Directors. From April 2018 until the Separation, Mr. Carrillo served as the Senior Vice President and Group President of Construction, Energy, Marine and Components of Trinity. From 2012 to February 2018, Mr. Carrillo served as the Chief Executive Officer of Orbia Advance Corporation (formerly known as Mexichem S.A.B. de C.V.), a publicly traded global specialty chemical company. Prior to joining Orbia, Mr. Carrillo spent 16 years at Trinity where he served as Senior Vice President and Group President of Trinity s Energy Equipment Group and was responsible for Trinity s Mexico operations. Mr. Carrillo previously served as a director of Trinity from 2014 until the Separation in 2018 and served as a director of Dr. Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. from 2015 to 2018. Mr. Carrillo currently serves as a director of NRG Energy, Inc. where he was appointed in 2019. 
 Gail M. Peck was appointed as Arcosa s Chief Financial Officer in May 2021. Previously, she served as the Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer at Arcosa. From 2010 until the Separation, Ms. Peck served as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer of Trinity. From 2004 to 2009, she served as Vice President and Treasurer for Centex Corporation, a diversified building company. 
 Reid S. Essl serves as a Group President at Arcosa. From 2016 until the Separation, Mr. Essl served as the President of Trinity Construction Materials and from 2013 to 2016, Mr. Essl served as the Group Chief Financial Officer of the Construction, Energy, Marine, and Components businesses of Trinity. In his 14 years at Trinity, Mr. Essl held a variety of operational, financial, strategic planning, and business development positions. 
 Kerry S. Cole serves as a Group President at Arcosa. From 2016 until the Separation, Mr. Cole served as President of Trinity Electrical Products which included oversight for the Trinity Structural Towers and Trinity Meyer Utility Structures business units. Prior to this role, Mr. Cole served as President of Trinity Structural Towers business unit from 2007 to 2016. From 2000 to 2007, he served in a variety of operations and manufacturing leadership positions at Trinity spanning Mining and Construction Equipment, Heads, and Structural Bridge business units. 
 Jesse E. Collins, Jr. serves as a Group President at Arcosa. From 2016 until the Separation, Mr. Collins served as the President of Trinity Parts and Components, which included McConway Torley, Standard Forged Products, and the business of McKees Rocks Forgings. From 2014 to 2016, he served as President of Trinity Cryogenics. From 2008 to 2013, Mr. Collins served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at Broadwind Energy serving wind energy, transportation, and infrastructure markets, prior to which he held various management and executive positions at Trinity from 1993 to 2007. 
 Bryan P. Stevenson serves as the Chief Legal Officer at Arcosa. From 2015 until the Separation, Mr. Stevenson was the Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Trinity. Prior to joining Trinity, Mr. Stevenson was Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for CarParts, Inc. (formerly known as U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc.), an online provider of automotive parts, from 2011 to 2015. 
 Mary E. Henderson serves as the Chief Accounting Officer at Arcosa. From 2010 until the Separation, Ms. Henderson served as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of Trinity. Ms. Henderson joined Trinity in 2003 and served in a variety of leadership positions including Corporate Controller, Assistant Corporate Controller, and Director of External Reporting. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Arcosa's business, liquidity and financial condition, results of operations, and stock price may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm its business, liquidity and financial condition, results of operations, or stock price, including causing its actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of material risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Arcosa or that it currently deems immaterial also may materially adversely affect it in future periods. 
 Risks Related to our Business and Operations. 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic and other similar outbreaks may adversely affect Arcosa s business. 
 Arcosa s business may be adversely affected if a pandemic or outbreak of an infectious disease occurs. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19, including its variants, has disrupted global trade, commerce, financial and credit markets, and daily life throughout the world. If federal, state, or local authorities determine that Arcosa s operations are non-essential or non-critical, or if one or more of Arcosa s facilities become subject to governmental ordered closure, voluntary temporary closure, closure from a COVID-19 outbreak within the facility, or closure for other COVID-19 related reason, the business as a whole could be materially affected. 
 In addition, certain of Arcosa s workers and operations are located in areas where travel and curfew restrictions or other regulatory restrictions have or could be imposed with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic, such as Mexico. Disruptions to Arcosa s cross-border business transactions and activities caused by COVID-19 could materially affect Arcosa s business. The negative impact on the economy from the COVID-19 pandemic could cause customers to postpone projects, cancel or delay orders, or file bankruptcy. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and other similar outbreaks impact our business will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. 
 Many of the industries in which Arcosa operates are subject to global market volatility and economic cyclicality. 
 Instability in the global economy, negative conditions in the global credit markets, volatility in the industries that Arcosa s products serve, fluctuations in commodity prices, changes in legislative policy, adverse changes in the availability of raw materials and supplies, or adverse changes in the liquidity and financial condition of Arcosa s customers could lead to a reduction in orders for Arcosa s products and customers requests for deferred deliveries of Arcosa s backlog orders. Additionally, such events could result in Arcosa s customers attempts to unilaterally cancel or terminate firm contracts or orders in whole or in part resulting in contract or purchase order breaches which could result in increased commercial litigation costs. 
 If volatile conditions in the global credit markets prevent our customers access to credit, product order volumes may decrease, or customers may default on payments owed to Arcosa. Likewise, if Arcosa s suppliers face challenges obtaining credit, selling their products to customers that require purchasing credit, or otherwise operating their businesses, the supply of materials Arcosa purchases from them to manufacture its products may be interrupted. 
 Periodic downturns in economic conditions usually have a significant adverse effect on cyclical industries in which Arcosa participates due to decreased demand for new and replacement products. Decreased demand could result in lower sales volumes, lower prices, and/or a decline in or loss of profits. The barge industry in particular has previously experienced sharp cyclical downturns and at such times operated with a minimal backlog. While the business cycles of Arcosa s different operations may not typically coincide, an economic downturn could affect disparate cycles contemporaneously. 
 Any of the foregoing market or industry conditions or events could result in reductions in Arcosa s revenues, increased price competition, or increased operating costs. 
 Arcosa operates in highly competitive industries. Arcosa may not be able to sustain its market positions, which may impact its financial results. 
 Arcosa faces intense competition in all geographic markets and each industry sector in which it operates. In addition to price, Arcosa faces competition in respect to product performance and technological innovation, substitution, quality, reliability of delivery, customer service, and other factors. The effects of this competition, which is often intense, could reduce Arcosa s revenues and operating profits, limit Arcosa s ability to grow, increase pricing pressure on Arcosa s products, and otherwise affect Arcosa s financial results. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Arcosa depends on its key management employees, and Arcosa may not be able to retain their services in the future. 
 Arcosa s success depends on the continued services of its executive team and key management employees, none of whom currently have an employment agreement with Arcosa. Arcosa may not be able to retain the services of its executives and key management in the future. The loss of the services of one or more executives or key members of Arcosa s management team, or Arcosa s inability to successfully develop talent for succession planning, could result in increased costs associated with attracting and retaining a replacement and could disrupt Arcosa s operations and result in a loss of revenues. 
 A material disruption at one or more of Arcosa s manufacturing facilities or other facilities or in Arcosa s supply chain could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Arcosa owns and operates manufacturing facilities of various ages and levels of automated control and relies on a number of third parties as part of Arcosa s supply chain, including for the efficient distribution of products to Arcosa s customers. Any disruption at one of Arcosa s manufacturing facilities or within Arcosa s supply chain could prevent Arcosa from meeting demand or require Arcosa to incur unplanned capital expenditures. Older facilities are generally less energy-efficient and are at an increased risk of breakdown or equipment failure, resulting in unplanned downtime. Any unplanned downtime at Arcosa s facilities, including due to a pandemic related shutdown or work stoppage, may cause delays in meeting customer timelines, result in liquidated damages claims, or cause Arcosa to lose or harm customer relationships. 
 Moreover, manufacturing facilities or other facilities can unexpectedly stop operating because of events unrelated to Arcosa or beyond its control, including fires and other industrial accidents, floods and other severe weather events, natural disasters, environmental incidents or other catastrophes, utility and transportation infrastructure disruptions, shortages of raw materials, acts of war or terrorism, and a pandemic related shutdown or work stoppage. Work stoppages, whether union-organized or not, can also disrupt operations at manufacturing facilities. 
 Furthermore, any shortages in trucking, rail, barge, or container shipping capacity, any increase in the cost thereof, or any other disruption to those transportation systems, including due to a pandemic related shutdown or work stoppage, could limit Arcosa s ability to deliver its products in a timely manner or at all. Any material disruption at one or more of Arcosa s facilities or those of Arcosa s customers or suppliers or otherwise within Arcosa s supply chain, whether as a result of downtime, facility damage, an inability to deliver Arcosa s products or otherwise, could prevent Arcosa from meeting demand, require Arcosa to incur unplanned capital expenditures, or cause other material disruption to Arcosa s operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Arcosa s business. 
 Equipment failures or extensive damage to Arcosa s facilities, including as might occur as a result of natural disasters, could lead to production, delivery or service curtailments or shutdowns, loss of revenue or higher expenses. 
 Arcosa operates a substantial amount of equipment at its production facilities, several of which are located in areas that may experience adverse weather, including extreme temperatures, tornados, and hurricanes, or are located on navigable waterways, subject to potential flooding and other excessive or low water conditions on one or more rivers that serve Arcosa facilities. An interruption in operations at Arcosa s facilities, as a result of equipment or technology failure or acts of nature, including non-navigation orders, could reduce or prevent Arcosa s production, delivery, service, or repair of Arcosa s products and increase Arcosa s costs and expenses. A halt of production at any of Arcosa s manufacturing facilities could severely affect delivery times to Arcosa s customers. While Arcosa maintains emergency response and business recovery plans that are intended to allow Arcosa to recover from natural disasters that could disrupt Arcosa s business, Arcosa cannot provide assurances that its plans would fully protect Arcosa from the effects of all such disasters. In addition, insurance may not adequately compensate Arcosa for any losses incurred as a result of natural or other disasters, which may adversely affect Arcosa s financial condition. Any significant delay in deliveries not otherwise contractually mitigated by favorable force majeure or other provisions could result in cancellation of all or a portion of Arcosa s orders, cause Arcosa to lose future sales, and negatively affect Arcosa s reputation and Arcosa s results of operations. 
 Delays in construction projects and any failure to manage Arcosa s inventory could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Many of Arcosa s products are used in large-scale construction projects which generally require a significant amount of planning and preparation before construction commences. However, construction projects can be delayed and rescheduled for a number of reasons, including unanticipated soil conditions, adverse weather or flooding, changes in project priorities, financing issues, difficulties in complying with environmental and other government regulations or obtaining permits, additional time required to acquire rights-of-way or property rights, and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 a pandemic related shutdown or work stoppage. These delays may create unplanned downtime, increasing costs and inefficiencies in Arcosa s operations, and increased levels of obsolete inventory. 
 Additionally, Arcosa maintains an inventory of certain products that meet standard specifications and are ultimately purchased by a variety of end users. Arcosa forecasts demand for these products to ensure that it keeps sufficient inventory levels of certain products that Arcosa expects to be in high demand and limits its inventory for which Arcosa does not expect much interest. However, Arcosa s forecasts are not always accurate and unexpected changes in demand for these products, whether because of a change in preferences or otherwise, can lead to increased levels of obsolete inventory. Any delays in construction projects and Arcosa s customers orders or any inability to manage Arcosa s inventory could have a material adverse effect. 
 The seasonality of Arcosa s business and its susceptibility to severe and prolonged periods of adverse weather and other conditions could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Demand for Arcosa s products in some markets is typically seasonal, with periods of snow or heavy rain negatively affecting construction activity. For example, sales of Arcosa s products are somewhat higher from spring through autumn when construction activity is greatest. Construction activity declines in these markets during the winter months in particular due to inclement weather, frozen ground, and fewer hours of daylight. Construction activity and Arcosa's ability to deliver products on time or at all to its customers can also be affected in any period by public holidays, vacation periods, and adverse weather conditions such as extreme temperature, hurricanes, severe storms, torrential rains and floods, low river levels, natural disasters such as fires and earthquakes, a pandemic related shutdown or work stoppage, and similar events, any of which could reduce demand for Arcosa s products, push back existing orders to later dates or lead to cancellations. 
 Additionally, the seasonal nature of Arcosa s business has led to variation in Arcosa s quarterly results in the past and is expected to continue to do so in the future. This general seasonality of Arcosa s business and any severe or prolonged adverse weather conditions or other similar events could have a material adverse effect. 
 Risks related to Arcosa s operations outside of the U.S., particularly Mexico, could decrease Arcosa s profitability. 
 Arcosa s operations outside of the U.S. are subject to the risks associated with cross-border business transactions and activities. Political, legal, trade, economic change or instability, criminal activities, or social unrest could limit or curtail Arcosa s respective foreign business activities and operations, including the ability to hire and retain employees. Violence in Mexico associated with drug trafficking is continuing. Arcosa has not, to date, been materially affected by any of these risks, but Arcosa cannot predict the likelihood of future effects from such risks or any resulting adverse impact on Arcosa s business. Arcosa ships raw materials to Mexico and manufactures products in Mexico that are sold in the U.S. or elsewhere, which are subject to customs and other regulations and the transportation and import of such products may be disrupted. Some foreign countries where Arcosa operates have regulatory authorities that regulate products sold or used in those countries. If Arcosa fails to comply with the applicable regulations related to the foreign countries where Arcosa operates, Arcosa may be unable to market and sell its products in those countries or could be subject to administrative fines or penalties. 
 In addition, with respect to operations in Mexico and other foreign countries, unexpected changes in the political environment, laws, rules, and regulatory requirements; tariffs and other trade barriers, including regulatory initiatives for buying goods produced in America; more stringent or restrictive laws, rules and regulations relating to labor or the environment; adverse tax consequences; price exchange controls and restrictions; regulations affecting cross-border rail and vehicular traffic; or availability of commodities, including gasoline and electricity, could limit operations affecting production throughput and making the manufacture and distribution of Arcosa s products less timely or more difficult. 
 Furthermore, any material change in the quotas, regulations or duties on imports imposed by the U.S. government and agencies or on exports by the government of Mexico or its agencies, could affect Arcosa s ability to export products that Arcosa manufactures in Mexico. Failure to comply with such import and export regulations could result in significant fines and penalties. 
 Because Arcosa has operations outside the U.S., Arcosa could be adversely affected by final judgments of non-compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 FCPA or import/export rules and regulations and similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery, or import/export laws of other countries. As a result of our policy to comply with the FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws, we may be at a competitive disadvantage to competitors that are not subject to, or do not comply with, such laws. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Arcosa's margins may be affected as a result of inflation. 
 Arcosa's margins may be negatively impacted by increased costs resulting from inflationary pressures in the market, including increased costs for fuel, energy, and steel. Under varying circumstances, Arcosa may take actions to minimize these inflationary risks, but such efforts may not be effective in mitigating the impact on Arcosa's margins. 
 Arcosa may incur increased costs due to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Arcosa is exposed to risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Under varying circumstances, Arcosa may seek to minimize these risks using hedges and similar financial instruments and other activities, although these measures, if and when implemented, may not be effective. Any material and untimely changes in interest rates or exchange rates could adversely impact our business. 
 Fluctuations in the price and supply of raw materials and parts and components used in the production of Arcosa s products and the availability of natural aggregates, recycled aggregates, and specialty materials reserves could have a material adverse effect on its ability to cost-effectively manufacture and sell its products. In some instances, Arcosa relies on a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials, parts, and components needed in its production. 
 A significant portion of Arcosa s business depends on the adequate supply of numerous specialty and other parts and components at competitive prices. Arcosa s manufacturing operations partially depend on Arcosa s ability to obtain timely deliveries of raw materials, parts, and components in acceptable quantities and quality from Arcosa s suppliers. Certain raw materials, parts, and components for Arcosa s products are currently available from a limited number of suppliers and, as a result, Arcosa may have limited control over pricing, availability, and delivery schedules. If Arcosa is unable to purchase a sufficient quantity of raw materials, parts, and components on a timely basis, Arcosa could face disruptions in its production and incur delays while Arcosa attempts to engage alternative suppliers. Fewer suppliers could result from unimproved or worsening economic or commercial conditions, potentially increasing Arcosa s rejections for poor quality and requiring Arcosa to source unknown and distant supply alternatives. Any such disruption or conditions could harm Arcosa s business. 
 The principal material used in Arcosa s manufacturing segments is steel. Market steel prices may exhibit periods of volatility and increased steel prices could negatively impact demand for Arcosa's products like barges. Steel prices may experience further volatility as a result of scrap surcharges assessed by steel mills, tariffs, and other market factors. Arcosa may use contract-specific purchasing practices, supplier commitments, contractual price escalation provisions, and other arrangements with Arcosa s customers to mitigate the effect of this volatility on Arcosa s operating profits for the year. To the extent that Arcosa does not have such arrangements in place, a change in steel prices could materially lower Arcosa s profitability. In addition, meeting production demands is dependent on Arcosa s ability to obtain a sufficient amount of steel. An unanticipated interruption in Arcosa s supply chain could have an adverse impact on both Arcosa s margins and production schedules. 
 A part of the operations in Arcosa s Construction Products segment includes the mining of natural aggregates and specialty materials reserves. The success and viability of these operations depend on the accuracy of Arcosa s reserve estimates, the costs of production and the ability to economically distribute the natural aggregates and specialty materials. Estimates for natural aggregate and specialty materials reserves and for the costs of production of such reserves depend upon a variety of factors and assumptions, many of which involve uncertainties beyond Arcosa s control, such as geological and mining conditions that may not be identifiable. In addition, Arcosa's success in recovering natural aggregates and specialty materials depends on the ability to secure new reserve locations and permits to mine such reserves in areas that make distribution of materials economically viable. Community engagement and maintaining good relations within the communities that we operate is important to retaining and securing permits. Inaccuracies in reserve estimates and production costs, and the inability to secure locations and permits for future operations could negatively affect our results of operations. The success and viability of Arcosa's recycled aggregates operation depends on Arcosa's success in procuring supply stock for processing recycled materials into recycled aggregates. The inability to maintain and secure locations and permits for recycled aggregates operations could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Reductions in the availability of energy supplies or an increase in energy costs may increase Arcosa s operating costs. 
 Arcosa uses electricity and various gases, including natural gas, at Arcosa s manufacturing facilities and uses diesel fuel in vehicles to transport Arcosa s products to customers and to operate its plant equipment. An outbreak or escalation of hostilities between the U.S. and any foreign power or between other foreign powers, such as the war in Ukraine, could result in a real or perceived shortage of petroleum and/or natural gas, which could result in an increase in the cost of natural gas or energy in general. Extreme weather conditions and natural occurrences such 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 as extreme temperatures, hurricanes, tornadoes, and floods could result in varying states of disaster and a real or perceived shortage of petroleum and/or natural gas, including rationing thereof, potentially resulting in unavailability or an increase in natural gas prices, electricity prices, or other general energy costs. Speculative trading in energy futures in the world markets could also result in an increase in natural gas and general energy cost. Future limitations on the availability (including limitations imposed by increased regulation or restrictions on rail, road, and pipeline transportation of energy supplies as well as other potential supply chain limitations) or consumption of petroleum products and/or an increase in energy costs, particularly natural gas for plant operations and diesel fuel for vehicles and plant equipment, could have an adverse effect upon our ability to conduct Arcosa s business cost effectively. 
 The inability to hire and retain skilled or professional labor could adversely impact Arcosa s operations. 
 Arcosa depends on professional labor across its businesses and skilled labor in the manufacture, maintenance, and repair of Arcosa s products. Some of Arcosa s facilities are located in areas where demand for skilled laborers may exceed supply. If Arcosa is unable to hire and retain these skilled laborers, including welders, Arcosa may be limited in its ability to maintain or increase production rates and could increase Arcosa s labor costs. 
 Some of Arcosa s employees belong to labor unions and strikes or work stoppages could adversely affect Arcosa s operations. 
 Arcosa is a party to collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions at some of Arcosa s operations in the U.S. and Canada and all of Arcosa s operations in Mexico. Disputes with regard to the terms of these agreements or Arcosa s potential inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with these unions in the future could result in, among other things, strikes, work stoppages, or other slowdowns by the affected workers and Arcosa could experience a significant disruption of its operations and higher ongoing labor costs. In addition, Arcosa could face higher labor costs in the future as a result of severance or other charges associated with lay-offs, shutdowns, or reductions in the size and scope of its operations or difficulties of restarting Arcosa s operations that have been temporarily shuttered. 
 Potential expansion of our business may expose us to new business, regulatory, political, operational, financial, and economic risks associated with such expansion, both inside and outside of the U.S. 
 Previously, we have expanded and plan in the future to expand our business and operations, and this expansion may involve expansion into markets (either inside or outside the U.S.) in which we have limited operating experience, including with respect to seeking regulatory approvals, becoming subject to regulatory authorities, and marketing or selling products. Further, our operations in new foreign markets may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: general economic conditions and monetary and fiscal policy; financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty in collecting from international customers, the effect of local and regional financial crises, and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and controls; multiple, conflicting, and changing laws and regulations such as export and import restrictions, employment laws, regulatory and local zoning requirements, and other governmental approvals, permits, and licenses; interest rates and taxation laws and policies; increased government regulation; social stability; and political, economic, or diplomatic developments. Certain jurisdictions have, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and hostilities, both internally and with neighboring countries. Rioting, military activity, terrorist attacks, or armed hostilities could cause our operations in such jurisdictions to be adversely affected or suspended. We generally do not have insurance for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist attacks, military conflicts, and wars. 
 Any of these factors could significantly harm our potential business or international expansion and our operations. 
 The limited number of customers for certain of Arcosa s products, the variable purchase patterns of Arcosa s customers in all of its segments, the impact of inflation on principal raw material prices, including steel prices with respect to the order of new barges, and the timing of completion, delivery, and customer acceptance of orders may cause Arcosa s revenues and income from operations to vary substantially each quarter, potentially resulting in significant fluctuations in its quarterly results. 
 Some of the markets Arcosa serves have a limited number of customers. The volumes purchased by customers in each of Arcosa s business segments vary from year to year, and not all customers make purchases every year. Additionally, the inflationary pressures on principal raw material prices, like steel, may result in a delay in orders from Arcosa's customers, including but not limited to, a customer's decision to place or delay orders for new barges due to fluctuations in the price of steel. As a result, the order levels for Arcosa s products have varied significantly from quarterly period to quarterly period in the past and may continue to vary significantly in the future. Therefore, Arcosa s results of operations in any particular quarterly period may also vary. As a result of these quarterly fluctuations, Arcosa believes that comparisons of its sales and operating results between quarterly periods may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicators of future performance. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 The loss of revenues attributable to one of our customers could negatively impact our business. 
 GE Renewable Energy, a customer in our Engineered Structures segment, accounted for approximately 9.3 of our consolidated revenues in 2022 down from 9.5 of consolidated revenues in 2021. The loss of revenues attributable to this customer could have a material adverse effect on Arcosa's business. 
 Arcosa may not be able to successfully identify, consummate or integrate acquisitions, and acquisitions may bring additional known and unknown risks to Arcosa s business. 
 Arcosa expects to routinely engage in the search for growth opportunities, including assessment of merger and acquisition prospects in new markets and/or products. However, Arcosa may not be able to identify and secure suitable opportunities. Arcosa s ability to consummate any acquisitions on terms that are favorable to Arcosa may be limited by a number of factors, such as competition for attractive targets and, to the extent necessary, Arcosa s ability to obtain financing on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
 In addition, any merger or acquisition into which Arcosa may enter is subject to known and unknown risks of such business, new lines of business, markets, downturn of such markets, and/or products and integrating such business, regulatory compliance or zoning requirements, financial systems, markets, and/or products into Arcosa s businesses and culture. For example, the acquisitions of StonePoint and Southwest Rock brought new lines of businesses to Arcosa, including asphalt production, and expose Arcosa to new geographic markets. The failure to successfully integrate such mergers or acquisitions could prevent Arcosa from achieving the anticipated operating and cost synergies or long-term strategic benefits from such transactions. 
 If Arcosa is not able to successfully integrate its transactions to any material degree, such failure of a successful integration could result in unexpected claims or otherwise have a material adverse effect on Arcosa s business. Integration risks include the following: (i) the diversion of management s time and resources to integration matters from other Arcosa matters; (ii) difficulties in achieving business opportunities and growth prospects of the acquired business; (iii) difficulties in managing the expanded operations; and (iv) challenges in retaining key personnel. 
 Acquisitions and divestitures bring risks that the counterparties to the transactions may fail to perform. 
 Certain acquisitions and divestitures may require Arcosa s counterparties to indemnify Arcosa for certain liabilities, including, but not limited to, certain liabilities related to product warranties. However, third parties could also seek to hold Arcosa responsible for these liabilities that Arcosa s counterparties agreed to provide indemnification for, and there can be no assurance that the indemnity from these counterparties or any insurance will be sufficient to protect Arcosa against the full amount of such potential liabilities, or that the counterparties will be able to fully satisfy their indemnification obligations. 
 Acquisitions or divestitures may bring known and unknown risks to Arcosa, and Arcosa may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions or divestitures or those benefits may be delayed. 
 Arcosa has grown through acquisitions. Arcosa s anticipated benefits from acquisitions may not be realized. A downturn in the new markets brought with acquisitions could have a disproportionate adverse impact on the acquired company s business. An element of Arcosa s long-term strategy is to reduce the complexity and cyclicality of the overall business, which may result in divestitures which have known and unknown risks. Some or all of Arcosa s anticipated benefits from any divestiture, like further simplification of Arcosa s business, may not be realized. If any of these divestiture-related risks occur, they could result in a material adverse effect on Arcosa s business. 
 Arcosa's indebtedness restricts its current and future operations, which could adversely affect its ability to respond to changes in its business and manage its operations. 
 Arcosa is a party to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), by and among Arcosa, as borrower, and the lenders party thereto and the Indenture by and among Arcosa, certain of its subsidiaries which are guarantors and the trustee (the "Indenture") pursuant to which 400 million of 4.375 senior notes due 2029 (the "Senior Notes") (the Credit Agreement, Indenture, and Senior Notes, collectively, the Financing Documents were issued. The Financing Documents contain a number of covenants potentially restricting the operations and financial condition of Arcosa and certain of its subsidiaries. These covenants could have an adverse effect on Arcosa's business by limiting its ability to take advantage of financing, merger and acquisition, or other opportunities. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default under the Financing Documents. 
 For more information on the restrictive covenants in the Financing Documents and the Indenture, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -Liquidity and Capital Resources. Arcosa's ability to comply with these agreements may be affected by events beyond its control, including prevailing economic, financial, and industry conditions. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The phaseout of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and the replacement of LIBOR with a different reference rate may have an adverse effect on Arcosa s business. 
 The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that regulates LIBOR) has announced that it would phase out the most popular LIBOR indices by the end of June 2023. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as its preferred alternative to LIBOR. Arcosa s revolving credit facility, term loan, and other financial instruments utilize LIBOR or an alternative benchmark reference rate for calculating the applicable interest rate. Arcosa anticipates entering into an amendment to its revolving credit facility, term loan, and other financial instruments to replace LIBOR with SOFR prior to the completion of the LIBOR phase-out. This anticipated replacement may adversely affect interest rates and result in higher borrowing costs. This could materially and adversely affect Arcosa s business and ability to acquire debt financing. 
 Our business is subject to significant regulatory compliance in the U.S., Mexico, and other countries where we do business. 
 We are subject to various governmental regulations in the U.S., Mexico, and other countries where we do business related to occupational safety and health, labor, and business practices. Failure to comply with current or future regulations or operating permits could result in the imposition of substantial fines, suspension of production, alterations of our production processes, cessation of operations, or other actions which could harm our business. 
 Although we believe that we are in material compliance with all applicable regulations and operating permits material to our business operations, amendments to existing statutes and regulations, adoption of new statutes and regulations, modification of existing operating permits, or entering into new lines of business could require us to continually alter our methods of operation and/or discontinue the sale of certain of our products resulting in costs to us that could be substantial. We may not be able, for financial or other reasons, to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, and permit requirements. Our failure to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, or permit requirements could subject us to civil remedies, including substantial fines, penalties, and injunctions, as well as possible criminal sanctions, which would, if of significant magnitude, materially adversely impact our future business. If the SEC s proposed climate disclosure requirements are adopted on substantially similar terms as proposed, we will be required to incur significant time and money to comply with the disclosure requirements and may be required to modify certain of our operations. These compliance costs could adversely impact our future business. 
 Violations of or changes in the regulatory requirements applicable to the industries in which Arcosa operates or will operate may have a material adverse effect on Arcosa s business. 
 Arcosa s Transportation Products segment is subject to regulation by, among others, the U.S. Coast Guard; the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board; the U.S. Customs Service; the Maritime Administration of the USDOT and private industry organizations such as the American Bureau of Shipping and the Association of American Railroads. These organizations establish safety criteria, investigate vessel accidents, and recommend improved safety standards. 
 Arcosa s Construction Products segment is subject to regulation by MSHA, USEPA, FDA, and various state agencies. 
 Arcosa s Engineered Structures segment is subject to the regulations by the USDOT and various state agencies, including state departments of transportation. 
 Arcosa s operations are also subject to regulation of health and safety matters by OSHA and MSHA. In addition, our business is subject to additional regulatory requirements in Mexico and other countries where we conduct business. 
 Future regulatory changes, new lines of business which are covered by regulatory agencies that Arcosa has not previously been subject to, or the determination that Arcosa s current or future products or processes are not in compliance with applicable requirements, rules, regulations, specifications, standards or product testing criteria might result in additional operating expenses, administrative fines or penalties, product recalls, reputational harm, or loss of business that could have a material adverse effect on Arcosa s business. For example, the U.S. barge industry relies, in part, on the Jones Act, and changes to or a repeal of the legislation could have a material adverse impact on Arcosa s barge business and revenues. In addition, the impact of a government shutdown could have a material adverse effect on Arcosa's revenues, profits, and cash flows. Arcosa relies on government personnel to conduct certain routine business processes related to the inspection and delivery of certain products that, if disrupted, could have an immediate impact on Arcosa's revenues and business. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Arcosa is subject to health and safety laws and regulations and any failure to comply with any current or future laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Manufacturing and construction sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. Arcosa s manufacturing sites often put Arcosa s employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing processes, heavy products and other items, and highly regulated materials. As a result, Arcosa is subject to a variety of health and safety laws and regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. Unsafe work sites have the potential to increase employee turnover and raise Arcosa s operating costs. Arcosa s safety record can also impact Arcosa s reputation. Arcosa maintains functional groups whose primary purpose is to ensure Arcosa implements effective work procedures throughout Arcosa s organization and take other steps to ensure the health and safety of Arcosa s work force, but there can be no assurances these measures will be successful in preventing injuries or violations of health and safety laws and regulations. Any failure to maintain safe work sites or violations of applicable health and safety standards and laws, including those related to COVID-19, could expose Arcosa to significant financial losses and reputational harm, as well as civil and criminal liabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Arcosa s business. 
 Arcosa has potential exposure to environmental liabilities that may increase costs and lower profitability. 
 Arcosa is subject to comprehensive federal, state, local, and foreign environmental laws and regulations relating to: (i) the release or discharge of regulated materials into the environment at Arcosa s facilities or with respect to Arcosa s products while in operation; (ii) the management, use, processing, handling, storage, transport and transport arrangement, and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous waste, substances, and materials; and (iii) other activities relating to the protection of human health and the environment. Such laws and regulations expose Arcosa to liability for its own acts and in certain instances potentially expose Arcosa to liability for the acts of others. These laws and regulations also may impose liability on Arcosa currently under circumstances where at the time of the action taken, Arcosa s acts or those of others complied with then applicable laws and regulations. In addition, such laws may require significant expenditures to achieve compliance, and are frequently modified or revised to impose new obligations. Civil and criminal fines and penalties may be imposed for non-compliance with these environmental laws and regulations. Arcosa s operations involving hazardous materials also raise potential risks of liability under common law. 
 Environmental operating permits are, or may be, required for Arcosa s operations under these laws and regulations. These operating permits are subject to modification, renewal, and revocation. Although Arcosa regularly monitors and reviews its operations, procedures, and policies for compliance with Arcosa s operating permits and related laws and regulations, the risk of environmental liability is inherent in the operation of Arcosa s businesses. 
 However, future events, such as changes in, or modified interpretations of, existing environmental laws and regulations or enforcement policies, or further investigation or evaluation of the potential health hazards associated with the manufacture of Arcosa s products and related business activities and properties, may give rise to additional compliance and other costs that could have a material adverse effect on Arcosa s business. In 2021, Arcosa began operating an underground limestone mine in Pennsylvania, which involves unique potential environmental and safety risks and hazards inherent to underground mining operations. This may give rise to additional compliance and other costs that could have a material adverse effect on Arcosa's business. 
 In addition to environmental laws, the transportation of commodities by rail, barge, or container raises potential risks in the event of an accident that results in the release of an environmentally sensitive substance. Generally, liability under existing laws for an accident depends upon causation analysis and the acts, errors, or omissions, if any, of a party involved in the transportation activity, including, but not limited to, the shipper, the buyer, and the seller of the substances being transported, or the manufacturer of the barge, container, or its components. Additionally, the severity of injury or property damage arising from an incident may influence the causation responsibility analysis, exposing Arcosa to potentially greater liability. Under certain circumstances, strict liability concepts may apply. If Arcosa is found liable in any such incidents, it could have a material adverse effect on Arcosa s business. 
 Responding to claims relating to improper handling, transport, storage, or disposal of hazardous materials could be time consuming and costly. 
 We use controlled hazardous materials in our business and generate wastes that are regulated as hazardous wastes under U.S. federal, state, and local environmental laws and under equivalent provisions of law in those and other jurisdictions in which our manufacturing facilities are located. Our use of these substances and materials is subject to stringent, and periodically changing, regulation that can impose costly compliance obligations on us and have the potential to adversely affect our manufacturing activities. We are also subject to potential liability for claims alleging property damage and personal and bodily injury or death arising from the use of or exposure to our 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 products, especially in connection with products we manufacture that our customers use to transport or store hazardous, flammable, toxic, or explosive materials. 
 The risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be completely eliminated. If an accident with these substances occurs, we could be held liable for any damages that result, as well as incurring clean-up costs and liabilities, which can be substantial. Additionally, an accident could damage our facilities, resulting in delays and increased costs. 
 Our manufacturing plants or other facilities may have unknown environmental conditions that could be expensive and time-consuming to correct. 
 There can be no assurance that we will not encounter hazardous environmental conditions at any of our manufacturing plants or other facilities that may require us to incur significant clean-up or correction costs. Upon encountering a hazardous environmental condition or receiving a notice of a hazardous environmental condition, we may be required to correct the condition. The presence of a hazardous environmental condition relating to any of our manufacturing plants or other facilities may require significant expenditures to correct the environmental condition. 
 Business, regulatory, and legal developments regarding climate change, and physical impacts from climate change, could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Legislation and new rules to regulate emission of greenhouse gases GHGs has been introduced in numerous state legislatures, the U.S. Congress, and by the USEPA. Some of these proposals would require industries to meet new standards that may require substantial reductions in carbon emissions. There is also a potential for climate change legislation and regulation that could adversely impact the cost of certain manufacturing inputs, including the increased cost of energy and electricity. While Arcosa cannot assess the direct impact of these or other potential regulations, new climate change protocols could affect demand for its products and/or affect the price of materials, input factors, energy costs, and manufactured components. 
 Potential impacts of climate change include physical impacts, such as disruption in production and product distribution due to impacts from major storm events, shifts in regional weather patterns and intensities, and sea level changes. Other adverse consequences of climate change could include an increased frequency of severe weather events, low river levels, drought, flooding, and rising sea levels that could affect operations at Arcosa s manufacturing facilities as well as the price and/or availability of insurance coverage for the Company assets or other unforeseen disruptions of Arcosa s operations, systems, property, or equipment. 
 The impacts of climate change and related regulations on our operations and the Company overall are highly uncertain and difficult to estimate, but such effects could be materially adverse to our business. 
 From time to time Arcosa may take tax positions that the Internal Revenue Service IRS , the Servicio de Administracion Tributaria SAT in Mexico, or other taxing jurisdictions may contest. 
 Our subsidiaries have in the past and may in the future take tax positions that the IRS, the SAT, or other taxing jurisdictions may challenge. If the IRS, SAT, or other taxing jurisdictions successfully contests a tax position that Arcosa takes, Arcosa may be required to pay additional taxes or fines which may not have been previously accrued that may adversely affect its results of operations and financial position. 
 Some of Arcosa s products are sold to contractors, distributors, installers, and rental companies who may misuse, abuse, improperly install, or improperly or inadequately maintain or repair such products, thereby potentially exposing Arcosa to claims that could increase Arcosa s costs and weaken Arcosa s liquidity and financial condition. 
 The products Arcosa manufactures are designed to work optimally when properly assembled, operated, installed, repaired, and maintained. When this does not occur, Arcosa may be subjected to claims or litigation associated with personal or bodily injuries or death and property damage. 
 U.S. government actions relative to the federal budget, taxation policies, government expenditures, U.S. borrowing/debt ceiling limits, and trade policies could adversely affect Arcosa s business and operating results. 
 Periods of impasse, deadlock, and last-minute accords may continue to permeate many aspects of U.S. governance, including federal government budgeting and spending, taxation, U.S. deficit spending and debt ceiling limits, and international commerce. Such periods could negatively impact U.S. domestic and global financial markets, thereby reducing customer demand for Arcosa s products and services and potentially result in reductions in Arcosa s revenues, increased price competition, or increased operating costs, any of which could adversely affect Arcosa s business. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 For example, Arcosa produces many of its products at its manufacturing facilities in Mexico. Arcosa s business benefits from free trade agreements such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement USMCA ). Potential developments, including failure to enforce the USMCA, potential changes or amendments to the agreement, governmental policies, and laws and regulations could adversely affect Arcosa s existing production operations in Mexico and have a material adverse effect on Arcosa s business. 
 Some of Arcosa s customers place orders for Arcosa s products (i) in reliance on their ability to utilize tax benefits or tax credits such as accelerated depreciation or the production tax credit for renewable energy or (ii) to utilize federal-aid programs that allow for purchase price reimbursement or other government funding or subsidies, any of which benefits, credits, or programs could be or are being delayed, discontinued or allowed to expire without extension thereby reducing demand for certain of Arcosa s products and reducing certain tax credits for which Arcosa may be eligible. 
 There is no assurance that the U.S. government will reauthorize, modify, or otherwise not allow the expiration of tax benefits, tax credits, subsidies, or federal-aid programs that may include funding of the purchase or purchase price reimbursement of certain of Arcosa s products. For example, the federal renewable electricity production tax credit (the PTC was previously allowed to expire, until it was restored as part of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the "IRA"). Additionally, 45X of the IRA includes new Advanced Manufacturing Production AMP tax credits for manufacturers of wind energy components, like Arcosa Wind Towers. Although the IRA was signed into law in August 2022 the issuance of guidance and interpretation as to the eligibility for, calculation of, and methods for claiming the IRA s various tax benefits, tax credits, subsidies, and programs remains pending. In instances where any benefits, credits, subsidies, or programs are allowed to expire or are otherwise delayed, modified or discontinued, the demand for Arcosa s products could decrease and reduce the amount of AMP tax credits for which Arcosa may be eligible, thereby creating the potential for a material adverse effect on Arcosa s business and could result in non-cash impairments on long-lived assets, including intangible assets, and/or goodwill. 
 Arcosa s business is based in part on government-funded infrastructure projects and building activities, and any reductions or re-allocation of spending or related subsidies in these areas could have an adverse effect on us. 
 Certain of Arcosa s businesses depend on government spending for infrastructure and other similar building activities. As a result, demand for some of Arcosa s products is influenced by local, U.S. federal, and international government fiscal policies, tax incentives and other subsidies, and other general macroeconomic and political factors. Projects in which Arcosa participates may be funded directly by governments or privately-funded, but are otherwise tied to or impacted by government policies and spending measures. 
 Government spending is often approved only on a short-term basis and some of the projects in which Arcosa s products are used require longer-term funding commitments. If government funding is not approved or funding is lowered as a result of poor economic conditions, lower than expected revenues, competing spending priorities, or other factors, it could limit infrastructure projects available, increase competition for projects, result in excess inventory, and decrease sales, all of which could adversely affect the profitability of Arcosa s business. 
 Additionally, certain regions or states may require or possess the means to finance only a limited number of large infrastructure projects and periods of high demand may be followed by years of little to no activity. There can be no assurances that governments will sustain or increase current infrastructure spending and tax incentive and other subsidy levels, and any reductions thereto or delays therein could affect Arcosa s business. 
 Arcosa s manufacturer s warranties expose Arcosa to product replacement and repair claims. 
 Depending on the product, Arcosa warrants its workmanship and certain materials (including surface coatings), parts, and components pursuant to express limited contractual warranties. Arcosa may be subject to significant warranty claims in the future, such as multiple claims based on one defect repeated throughout Arcosa s production process or claims for which the cost of shipping, repairing, or replacing the defective part, component, or material is highly disproportionate to the original price. These types of warranty claims could result in significant costs associated with product recalls or product shipping, repair, or replacement, and damage to Arcosa s reputation. 
 Defects in materials and workmanship could harm our reputation, expose us to product warranty or product liability claims, decrease demand for products, or materially harm existing or prospective customer relationships. 
 A defect in materials or components from suppliers, our materials, or in the manufacturing of our products could result in product warranty and product liability claims, decrease demand for products, or materially harm existing or prospective customer relationships. These claims may require costly repairs or replacement and may include costs related to disassembly of our products and transportation of the products from the field to our facilities and returning the products to the customer, a change in our manufacturing processes, recall of previously manufactured products, 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 or personal injury claims, which could result in significant expense and materially harm our existing or prospective customer relationships. Any of the foregoing could materially harm our business. 
 Insurance coverage could be costly, unavailable, or inadequate. 
 Arcosa is subject to potential liability for third-party claims alleging property damage and personal and bodily injury or death arising from the use of or exposure to Arcosa s products, especially in connection with products Arcosa manufactures that Arcosa s customers use to transport hazardous, flammable, toxic, or explosive materials. Arcosa s businesses are subject to losses arising from property damages or losses from business interruption. As policies expire, premiums for renewed or new coverage may further increase and/or require that Arcosa increase its self-insured retention, deductibles, or overall limits. Arcosa maintains primary coverage and excess coverage policies for liability claims as well as property damage. An unusually large liability claim, property loss claim, business interruption claim, or a string of claims coupled with an unusually large damage award could exceed Arcosa s available insurance coverage. Moreover, any accident or incident involving Arcosa s businesses in general or Arcosa or Arcosa s products specifically, even if Arcosa is fully insured, contractually indemnified, or not held to be liable, could negatively affect Arcosa s reputation among customers and the public. The ability of Arcosa to insure against the risks described in this Item 1A is limited by the applicable insurance markets, which may be costly, unavailable or inadequate. Arcosa s inability to secure adequate insurance could increase Arcosa s risk exposure and operational expenses and disrupt the management of its business operations. 
 Arcosa s inability to produce and disseminate relevant and/or reliable data and information pertaining to Arcosa s business in an efficient, cost-effective, secure, and well-controlled fashion may have significant negative impacts on confidentiality requirements and obligations and trade secret or other proprietary needs and expectations and, therefore, Arcosa s future operations, profitability, and competitive position. 
 Arcosa relies on information technology infrastructure and architecture, including hardware, network including the cloud, software, people, and processes to provide useful and confidential information to conduct Arcosa s business in the ordinary course. Any material failure, interruption of service, compromised data security, or cybersecurity threat could adversely affect Arcosa s relations with suppliers, customers, and regulators and place Arcosa in violation of confidentiality and data protection laws, rules, and regulations, and result in negative impacts to Arcosa s market share, operations, and profitability. Arcosa will have to continually upgrade its infrastructure and applications, to reduce these risks. Security breaches in Arcosa s information technology could result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of confidential data, trade secrets, or other proprietary or intellectual property that could adversely impact Arcosa s future results. 
 Cybersecurity incidents, whether with Arcosa or a third party, could disrupt our business and result in the compromise of confidential information. 
 Our business is at risk from and may be impacted by information security incidents, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data, ransomware, malware, phishing emails, and other electronic security events as well as unauthorized access to the confidential data, ransomware, malware, phishing emails, and other electronic security events involving third parties with which we do business. Such incidents can range from individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems to more sophisticated security threats. They can also result from internal compromises, such as human error, or malicious acts. While we employ several measures to prevent, detect, and mitigate these threats, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cyber event or that any third parties with which we do business will be successful in preventing a cyber event. There is increased risk related to remote working and the potential increased cybersecurity vulnerability related to remote work. Arcosa will have to continually upgrade its network infrastructure to reduce the risk of such cyber events. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and compromise confidential information belonging to us and third parties. 
 Repercussions from terrorist activities or armed conflict could harm Arcosa s business. 
 Terrorist activities, anti-terrorist efforts, and other armed conflict involving the U.S. or its interests abroad or other foreign actors may adversely affect the U.S. and global economies, potentially preventing Arcosa from meeting its financial and other obligations by negatively affecting the industries in which Arcosa operates. This could result in delays in or cancellations of the purchase of Arcosa s products or shortages in raw materials, parts, or components. 
 Arcosa s inability to sufficiently protect Arcosa s intellectual property rights could adversely affect Arcosa s business. 
 Arcosa s patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights are important to Arcosa s success. Arcosa relies on patent, copyright, and trademark law, and trade secret protection and confidentiality and/or license agreements with others to protect Arcosa s intellectual property rights. Arcosa s trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, and trade secrets may be exposed to market confusion, commercial 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 abuse, infringement, or misappropriation and possibly challenged, invalidated, circumvented, narrowed, or declared unenforceable by countries where Arcosa s products and services are made available, including countries where the laws may not protect Arcosa s intellectual property rights as fully as in the U.S. Such instances could negatively impact Arcosa s competitive position and adversely affect Arcosa s business. Additionally, Arcosa could be required to incur significant expenses to protect its intellectual property rights. 
 Arcosa s ESG efforts may be costly or may not meet the public sentiments of our stockholders and others with respect to our ESG practices and related public disclosures. 
 Arcosa has been proactive in integrating its ESG initiatives into its long-term strategy. The subjective nature and wide variety of frameworks and methods used by our stockholders and others to assess Arcosa s ESG strategy and progress; diversity, equity, and inclusion ("DEI") initiatives; and heightened governance standards could result in a negative perception by our stockholders or misrepresentation of Arcosa s ESG goals and progress. Arcosa s inability to achieve satisfactory progress on its ESG initiatives, like climate change related initiatives, reduced emissions, DEI efforts, and improved safety, on a timely basis, or at all, or to meet the ESG criteria of our stockholders and others could adversely affect Arcosa s business. 
 Risks Related to Arcosa Common Stock. 
 Investors may have difficulty valuing Arcosa's stock. 
 Investors may have difficulty accurately valuing Arcosa common stock resulting from difficulty in finding comparable companies and accurately valuing Arcosa common stock, which may cause the trading price of Arcosa common stock to fluctuate. 
 Arcosa cannot guarantee the timing, amount, or payment of dividends on its common stock. 
 The timing, declaration, amount, and payment of future dividends to Arcosa s stockholders falls within the discretion of Arcosa s Board of Directors. The Board of Directors decisions regarding the payment of future dividends will depend on many factors, such as Arcosa s financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, covenants related to our debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, access to the capital markets, and other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant. Arcosa cannot guarantee that it will continue to pay any dividend in the future. 
 Certain provisions in Arcosa s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws ("Arcosa s Governing Documents"), and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of Arcosa, which could decrease the trading price of the common stock. 
 Arcosa s Governing Documents and Delaware law contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with Arcosa s Board of Directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. 
 In addition, Arcosa is subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Section 203 provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that (without prior board approval) acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15 percent of the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or its affiliate becomes the holder of more than 15 percent of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. 
 Arcosa believes these provisions will protect its stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with Arcosa s Board of Directors and by providing Arcosa s Board of Directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make Arcosa immune from takeovers. However, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that Arcosa s Board of Directors determines is not in the best interests of Arcosa and its stockholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. 
 Risks Related to the Separation. 
 Trinity may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that were executed as part of the Separation. 
 Third parties could seek to hold Arcosa responsible for liabilities that Trinity has agreed to retain under the separation and distribution agreement and other agreements, and there can be no assurance that the indemnity from Trinity will be sufficient to protect Arcosa against the full amount of such liabilities, or that Trinity will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. In addition, Trinity s insurers may attempt to deny coverage to Arcosa for 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 liabilities associated with certain occurrences of indemnified liabilities prior to the Separation. Trinity or its insurer's failure to perform under the separation and distribution agreements could result in substantial losses to Arcosa. 
 If the distribution of shares of Arcosa, together with certain related transactions, does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Arcosa's stockholders in the distribution and Trinity could be subject to significant tax liability and, in certain circumstances, Arcosa could be required to indemnify Trinity for material taxes pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement. 
 Notwithstanding a private letter ruling from the IRS and the tax opinions Trinity received from its advisors, the IRS could determine that the distribution or any such related transaction is taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations, or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or that the distribution should be taxable for other reasons, including if the IRS were to disagree with the conclusions in the tax opinions that are not covered by the IRS ruling. 
 Under the tax matters agreement between Trinity and Arcosa, Arcosa may be required to indemnify Trinity against any taxes imposed on Trinity that arise from the failure of the distribution to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes within the meaning of Section 355 of the Code or the failure of certain related transactions to qualify for tax-free treatment. Such tax amounts could be significant, and Arcosa s exposure through its indemnification obligations under the tax matters agreement not being subject to any cap could be significant. 
 General Risk Factors. 
 Arcosa s stock price may fluctuate significantly. 
 We cannot predict the prices at which shares of Arcosa common stock may trade. The trading and market price of Arcosa common stock may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond Arcosa s control, including: Arcosa s quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in its industry; actual or anticipated fluctuations in Arcosa s operating results; changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or Arcosa s ability to meet those estimates; Arcosa s ability to meet its forward-looking guidance; the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; overall market fluctuations and domestic and worldwide economic conditions; and other factors described in these Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of Arcosa s common stock, regardless of Arcosa s operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, shareholder derivative lawsuits and/or securities class action litigation has often been instituted against that company. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 
 Stockholders percentage of ownership in Arcosa may be diluted in the future. 
 Stockholders percentage ownership in Arcosa may be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market transactions, or otherwise, including, without limitation, equity awards that Arcosa grants to its directors, officers, and employees. 
 In addition, Arcosa s restated certificate of incorporation authorizes Arcosa to issue, without the approval of Arcosa s stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences, and relative, participating, optional, and other special rights, including preferences over Arcosa common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as Arcosa s Board of Directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the residual value of Arcosa common stock. 
 Arcosa may be adversely affected by trade policies and practices, including trade practices of competitors that violate U.S. or other foreign laws, regulations, or practices. 
 Arcosa faces competition from manufacturers both in the U.S. and around the world, some of which may engage in competition and trade practices involving the importation of competing products into the U.S. in violation of U.S. or other foreign laws, regulations, or practices. For example, Arcosa s competitors may import competing products that are subsidized by foreign governments and sold in the U.S. at less than fair value. The results of trade negotiations, trade agreements, and tariffs could also negatively affect Arcosa s supplies, cost of goods sold, and customers. These trade policies and practices could increase pricing pressure on Arcosa s products, reduce Arcosa s revenues and operating profits, limit Arcosa s ability to grow, and otherwise adversely affect Arcosa s financial results. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Arcosa s access to capital may be limited or unavailable due to deterioration of conditions in the global capital markets and/or weakening of macroeconomic conditions. 
 In general, Arcosa may rely upon banks and capital markets to fund its growth strategy. These markets can experience high levels of volatility and access to capital can be constrained for extended periods of time. In addition to conditions in the capital markets, a number of other factors could cause Arcosa to incur increased borrowing costs and have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets for both secured and unsecured debt, which factors include Arcosa s financial performance. If Arcosa is unable to secure financing on acceptable terms, Arcosa s other sources of funds, including available cash, its committed bank facility, and cash flow from operations may not be adequate to fund its operations and contractual commitments and refinance existing debt. 
 Employment related lawsuits could be brought against us, which could be expensive, time consuming, and result in substantial damages to us. 
 Arcosa may become subject to substantial and costly litigation by its former and current employees related to improper termination of employment, sexual harassment, hostile work environment, and other employment-related claims. Such claims could divert management s attention from Arcosa s core business, be expensive to defend, and result in sizable damage awards against Arcosa. Arcosa s current insurance coverage is limited and may not apply or may not be sufficient to cover these claims. Any employment related claims brought against Arcosa, with or without merit, could harm Arcosa s reputation in the industry and reduce product sales. Damages assessed against Arcosa could have a material adverse impact on Arcosa s business. 
 Arcosa may be required to reduce the value of Arcosa s long-lived assets, including intangible assets and/or goodwill, which would weaken Arcosa s financial results. 
 Arcosa periodically evaluates for potential impairment the carrying values of Arcosa s long-lived assets, including intangible assets, to be held and used. The carrying value of a long-lived asset to be held and used is considered impaired when the carrying value is not recoverable through undiscounted future cash flows and the fair value of the asset is less than the carrying value. Fair value is determined primarily using the anticipated cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risks involved or market quotes as available. Impairment losses on long-lived assets held for sale are determined in a similar manner, except that fair values are reduced commensurate with the estimated cost to dispose of the assets. In addition, goodwill is required to be tested for impairment annually or on an interim basis whenever events or circumstances change indicating that the carrying amount of the goodwill might be impaired. 
 Certain non-cash impairments may result from a change in our strategic goals, business direction, changes in market interest rates, or other factors relating to the overall business environment. Any impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets recorded in connection with previous acquisitions would result in a non-cash charge against earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in accounting policies or inaccurate estimates or assumptions in the application of accounting policies could adversely affect the reported value of Arcosa s assets or liabilities and financial results. 
 Arcosa s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The significant accounting policies, together with the other notes that follow, are an integral part of the financial statements. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported value of Arcosa s assets or liabilities and financial results and require management to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards (such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and Arcosa s independent registered public accounting firm) may amend or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how Arcosa records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, Arcosa could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements. For a further discussion of some of Arcosa s critical accounting policies and standards and recent accounting changes, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . -Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Note 1. "Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Litigated disputes and other claims could increase Arcosa s costs and weaken Arcosa s liquidity and financial condition. 
 Arcosa is currently, and may from time to time be, involved in various claims or legal proceedings arising out of Arcosa s operations. Adverse judgments and outcomes in some or all of these matters could result in significant losses and costs that could weaken Arcosa s liquidity and financial condition. Although Arcosa maintains reserves 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 for its probable and reasonably estimable liability, Arcosa s reserves may be inadequate to cover its portion of claims or final judgments after taking into consideration rights in indemnity and recourse under insurance policies or to third parties as a result of which there could be a material adverse effect on Arcosa s business. See Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies for additional information on the Company s current litigation. 
 The use of social and other digital media (including websites, blogs and newsletters) to disseminate negative, false, misleading and/or unreliable or inaccurate data and information about our Company could create unwarranted volatility in our stock price and losses to our stockholders and could adversely affect our reputation, products, business, and operating results. 
 Investors may rely on social and other digital media to receive news, data, and information about the Company. Social and other digital media can be used by anyone to publish data and information without regard for factual accuracy. The use of social and other digital media to publish inaccurate, offensive, and disparaging data and information may influence the public s inability to distinguish what is true and accurate and could obstruct an effective and timely response to correct inaccuracies or falsifications. Such use of social and other digital media could result in negative unsubstantiated claims concerning the Company in general, our products, or our reputation which could reflect negatively on our Company and/or employees, and potentially having a material adverse effect on our business. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 Arcosa s corporate headquarters is located in Dallas, Texas. We principally operate in various locations throughout the U.S. and in Mexico. Our facilities are considered to be in good condition, well maintained, and adequate for our purposes. Information about the total square footage of our facilities as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 
 Approximate Square Feet (1) 
 Approximate Square Feet Located In (1) 
 Owned Leased U.S. Non-U.S. Construction Products 767,200 182,500 938,100 11,600 Engineered Structures 1,993,100 317,000 1,657,500 652,600 Transportation Products 1,802,500 81,100 1,883,600 Corporate 24,600 24,600 4,562,800 605,200 4,503,800 664,200 
 (1) Excludes non-operating facilities. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Our estimated weighted average production capacity utilization for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 is reflected by the following percentages: 
 Production Capacity Utilized (1) 
 Construction Products (2) 
 75 Engineered Structures 65 Transportation Products 35 
 (1) Excludes non-operating facilities. 
 (2) Includes processing facilities, quarries, and mines. 
 
 Mineral Reserves - Overview 
 Information concerning the Company s mining properties has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K S-K 1300 ), which first became applicable to the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. These requirements differ from the previously applicable disclosure requirements of SEC Industry Guide 7. Among other differences, S-K 1300 requires the Company to disclose its mineral resources in addition to its proven and probable mineral reserves, as of the end of their most recently completed fiscal year both in the aggregate and for each of their individually material mining properties. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any individually material mining properties. 
 The terms mineral resource, measured mineral resource, indicated mineral resource, inferred mineral resource, mineral reserve, proven mineral reserve, and probable mineral reserve, whether singular or plural, are defined and used in accordance with S-K 1300. Under S-K 1300, mineral resources may not be classified as mineral reserves unless the determination has been made by a qualified person that the mineral resources can be the basis of an economically viable project. 
 The Company s estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources are determined internally by competent professionals, including engineers and geologists, using industry best practices and internal controls. These estimates are based on geologic data, mineral ownership information, and current or proposed operating plans. Our mineral reserves are proven and probable reserves that could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination, considering grade and quality of the minerals and all material modifying factors. These estimates are periodically updated to reflect past mining production, updated mine plans, new exploration information, and other geologic or mining data. Acquisitions or dispositions of mining properties will also change these estimates. Changes in mining or processing methods may increase or decrease the recovery basis for the estimates. The ability to update or modify the estimates of our mineral reserves is restricted to competent geologists and mining engineers and material modifications are documented. Our estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources, and supporting information, have been assessed by the John T. Boyd Company, a qualified person, which is unaffiliated with the Company and conforms to the requirements under S-K 1300 for qualified persons. 
 Mining Properties 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we produced 31.4 million tons of natural aggregates and specialty materials from our mining and processing operations located in the United States and Canada, all of which, we believe, have adequate road and/or railroad access. The Company reports its mining operations primarily through the following commodity groupings: 
 Natural Aggregates includes operations which specialize in the production of sand, gravel, limestone, and stabilized material. Our aggregates operations are grouped into the Texas (including Arkansas and Oklahoma) and All Other geographic regions and shipments from an individual quarry or stationary crushing location are generally limited in geographic scope because the cost of transportation to customers is high relative to the value of the product itself. 
 Specialty Materials includes operations which produce lightweight aggregates, select natural aggregates, and milled or processed specialty building products and agricultural products. Since specialty materials have a much wider, multi-state distribution area due to their higher value relative to their distribution costs as compared to natural aggregates, we do not group our specialty materials operations by geographic region. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Our active operations as of December 31, 2022 included 44 that produce and distribute natural aggregates and 13 that produce, process, and distribute specialty materials. In addition to our active operations, we control interests in 22 inactive and greenfield (undeveloped) mining properties. We also own and operate recycled aggregates (i.e., recycled concrete products) facilities which are not dependent on mineral reserves. 
 The following map illustrates the locations of our active mining operations as of December 31, 2022, excluding stand-alone processing facilities: 
 
 The following table summarizes, by major commodity group and geographic region, the status for our mining properties as of December 31, 2022: 
 Number of Properties Producing Inactive Total Natural aggregates: Texas 22 9 31 All other 22 9 31 44 18 62 Specialty materials 13 4 17 57 22 79 
 Our active mining operations include 56 surface mines and one underground mine. The operations extract materials from surficial or near-surface alluvial and bedrock deposits. Mining methods utilized at our surface operations include conventional truck/shovel excavation and dredge mining. Our single underground mine in Pennsylvania utilizes mechanized room-and-pillar mining methods. 
 Processing operations to produce sand and gravel and crushed stone consist of mechanized crushing, washing, and sizing. Stabilized sand is mixed in a pug mill. Specialty materials may be subjected to additional processing such as milling and grinding, roasting (in kilns), and/or pelletizing depending on the product specifications. The following table summarizes, by major commodity group, the annual production history over the preceding three years for our mining properties: 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Annual Production (million tons) 2022 2021 2020 Natural aggregates 26.8 24.4 14.5 Specialty materials 4.6 5.3 5.3 31.4 29.7 19.8 
 Our ownership or leasehold interest in our mining properties both active and undeveloped is 100 . Rights to mine the properties is controlled through our ownership in fee and/or long-term lease agreements with third parties. 
 Our mining operations are subject to a wide range of laws, ordinances, and regulations and require various governmental approvals and permits. Federal, state, and local authorities regulate the operations with respect to matters such as employee health and safety, permitting and licensing requirements, air quality standards, water quality standards, plant and wildlife protection, the reclamation and restoration of mining properties after mining has been completed, the discharge of materials into the environment, surface subsidence from underground mining, and the effects of mining on groundwater quality and availability. We have obtained all material permits currently required to conduct our present mining operations. 
 Mineral Reserves 
 We controlled an estimated 1.2 billion tons of mineral reserves as of December 31, 2022. Reported mineral reserves include only quantities that are owned in fee or under lease approximately 550 million tons or 46 are located on owned land and 647 million tons or 54 are located on leased land. The economic viability of our reserves were determined using average selling prices ranging from 2.68 to 64.47 per ton, depending on the location and market. 
 Our mineral reserves, on average, represent approximately 30 years at current production levels within the natural aggregates business and approximately 90 years at current production levels within the specialty materials business. However, certain operations may have more limited reserves and may not be able to expand. Approximately 966 million tons or 81 of the reported mineral reserves are attributable to active mining operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s estimated proven and probable mineral reserves by major commodity group and geographic region are as follows: 
 Estimated Mineral Reserves (million tons) Proven Probable Total Owned Leased Natural aggregates: Texas 185.8 18.9 204.7 67 33 All other 274.1 295.0 569.1 19 81 459.9 313.9 773.8 32 68 Specialty materials 337.4 85.5 422.9 72 28 797.3 399.4 1,196.7 46 54 
 Quantities of mineral reserves were estimated from geologic analysis of exploration results and the application of economic and mining parameters appropriate to the individual deposits. Estimated mineral reserves have been adjusted to account for anticipated process dilutions and losses during mining and processing involved in producing saleable products. Economic viability of the reported mineral reserves has been demonstrated using three-year trailing average product prices on a per-property basis. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Mineral Resources 
 We controlled an estimated 118.8 million tons of mineral resources as of December 31, 2022, exclusive of our reported mineral reserves. Our mineral resource estimates are based on an initial assessment using average selling price assumptions ranging from 6.43 to 88.33, depending on the location and market. The following table summarizes our mineral resources by major commodity group and geographic region as of December 31, 2022: 
 Estimated Mineral Resources (million tons) Measured Indicated Inferred Total Natural aggregates: Texas 1.6 19.7 21.3 All other 6.5 7.7 10.3 24.5 6.5 9.3 30.0 45.8 Specialty materials 23.5 49.5 73.0 30.0 9.3 79.5 118.8 
 Our inferred mineral resources have been estimated on the basis of limited geologic evidence. Mineral resources, that are not mineral reserves, do not have a demonstrated economic viability at this time; however, of the 79.5 million tons of inferred mineral resources, 29.3 million tons or 37 are attributable to 9 active mining operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 See Note 15 of the Consolidated Financial Statements regarding legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this Form 10-K. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Shares of our common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ACA, which began regular-way trading on November 1, 2018 immediately following the Separation. Our transfer agent and registrar is American Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 Holders 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 1,057 record holders of common stock. Because many of our shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following Performance Graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph compares the Company's cumulative total stockholder return from November 1, 2018 (beginning of regular-way trading) through December 31, 2022 with the S P Small Cap 600 Index and the S P Small Cap 600 Construction Engineering Industry Index. The data in the graph assumes 100 was invested in each index at the closing price on November 1, 2018 and assumes the reinvestment of dividends. 

Copyright Standard and Poor s, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. 
 11/1/2018 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Arcosa, Inc. 100 101 163 202 194 201 S P Small Cap 600 Index 100 88 107 120 152 127 S P Small Cap 600 Construction Engineering Industry Index 100 87 115 132 190 194 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 This table provides information with respect to purchases by the Company of shares of its common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 
 232 64.58 25,656,442 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 
 46,148 58.85 25,656,442 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 
 188 57.17 25,656,442 Total 46,568 58.87 25,656,442 
 (1) These columns include the surrender to the Company of 46,568 shares of common stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees. 
 (2) In December 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new 50 million share repurchase program effective January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2024 to replace a program of the same amount that expired on December 31, 2022. Under the previous program, the Company repurchased 298,629 shares at a cost of 15.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased 170,168 shares at a cost of 9.4 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately 25.7 million available dollars for share repurchases under the current program. 

Item 6 . Reserved. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Our MD A is presented in the following sections: 
 Company Overview 
 Potential Impact of COVID-19 on our Business 
 Executive Overview 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Our MD A should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Company Overview 
 Arcosa, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, Arcosa, Company, we, or our headquartered in Dallas, Texas, is a provider of infrastructure-related products and solutions with leading brands serving construction, engineered structures, and transportation markets in North America. Arcosa is a Delaware corporation and was incorporated in 2018 in connection with the separation (the Separation of Arcosa from Trinity Industries, Inc. Trinity or Former Parent on November 1, 2018 as an independent, publicly-traded company, listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Potential Impact of COVID-19 on our Business 
 Our highest priority is the health and safety of our employees and communities. We are committed to safety across our operations. Our businesses support critical infrastructure sectors and our plants have continued to operate throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. If one or more of Arcosa s facilities become subject to governmental ordered closure, voluntary temporary closure, closure from a COVID-19 outbreak within the facility, or other COVID-19 related reason the business, liquidity and financial condition, and results of operations for Arcosa could be adversely affected. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted global trade, commerce, financial and credit markets, and daily life throughout the world. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, liquidity and financial condition, and results of operations will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business, and individuals actions taken in response to the pandemic; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity, and actions taken in response; the effect on our customers and customer demand for our products and services; our ability to sell and provide our products and services; if key personnel are unable to perform their duties or have limited availability; the number of employees who contract or are directly exposed to COVID-19 and their availability to work in our plants and facilities; the ability to retain employees; the ability of our customers to pay for our products and services; any disruption in our supply chain; the ability to procure personal protective equipment; the availability of COVID-19 testing supplies; our ability to continue operations in compliance with COVID-19 related regulations; any closures of our and our customers facilities; increased cybersecurity and IT infrastructure risks; the impact on the health and safety of our employees; the impact on the demand for commodities served by our products and services; the impact of new COVID-19 variants and the response to any potential reoccurrence. 
 We strive to continuously improve our procedures, processes, and management systems regarding employee health and safety, and the COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the critical importance of focusing on the health and wellness of our employees. We have followed the federal, state, and local guidelines governing our facilities and shared best practices across the organization, with the goal of protecting our employees and communities. We do not anticipate that any enhanced health and safety protocols will have a material impact on the productivity of our plants. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The preparation of the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. At this time, we have not observed any material impairments of our assets or a significant change in the fair value of assets due to the COVID-19 pandemic. However, due to the factors discussed above, we are unable to determine or predict the overall impact the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our business, results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources. 
 Market Outlook 
 Within our Construction Products segment, our natural and recycled aggregates businesses have remained resilient, particularly in Texas, when seasonal weather conditions have been normal, and where states have reopened for business. We did experience a softening of demand for our specialty materials and shoring products businesses beginning in 2020 following the COVID-19 outbreak, but have largely recovered to pre-pandemic demand levels in 2022. The outlook for public and private construction activity has improved driven by healthy demand and increased infrastructure spending. However, following the recent sharp rise in interest rates and the market expectation for additional tightening, the outlook for single-family residential housing has weakened. We are focused on managing inflationary pressures related to diesel, cement, and process fuels through proactive price increases and are monitoring potential impacts on overall demand as leading economic indicators indicate an increased probability of an economic slowdown in 2023. 
 Within our Engineered Structures segment, our backlog as of December 31, 2022 provides good production visibility for 2023. Our customers remain committed to taking delivery of these orders. In utility structures, order and inquiry activity continues to be healthy, as customers remain focused on grid hardening and reliability initiatives. The demand outlook for traffic and telecom structures also remains positive. Wind tower order quantities in 2022 were impacted by high steel prices and uncertainty related to the renewal of the Production Tax Credit PTC ), that expired at the end of 2021. As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we idled our Clinton, Illinois wind tower facility in anticipation of lower volumes. The passage of the Inflation Reduction Act ("IRA") on August 16, 2022, which included a long-term extension of the PTC for new wind farm projects and introduced a new advanced manufacturing tax credit for companies that domestically manufacture and sell clean energy equipment in the U.S., is a significant catalyst for our wind towers business. However, the lapse in the PTC and the associated impact on our customers and the wind industry supply chain, has created a near-term lull in projects. As a result, we anticipate 2023 will be a transition year as new wind projects ramp up and expect a strong multi-year rebound in volumes beginning in 2024. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we received wind tower orders of 371 million which extends our backlog to 2025 and fills a base level of production capacity for the next three years. 
 Within our Transportation Products segment, our backlog for inland barges as of December 31, 2022 is 225.1 million, which fills a significant portion of our planned production capacity for 2023. Our customers remain committed to taking delivery of these orders. Barge order levels fell sharply at the onset of the pandemic and ensuing high steel prices further negatively impacted demand throughout 2021. To align with lower expected production levels in 2022, we reduced capacity in our two active barge operating plants and completed the idling of our Madisonville, Louisiana facility in the fourth quarter of 2021 to further reduce our cost structure. While high steel prices continued to negatively impact order levels in 2022, the underlying fundamentals for a dry barge replacement cycle remain in place. The fleet continues to age, new builds have not kept pace with scrapping, and utilization rates are high. As a result, order inquiries have been increasing, and we received orders of 134 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, primarily for hopper barges for 2023 delivery. Demand for steel components, which was softening pre-COVID-19 due to a weakening North American rail transportation market, is increasing relative to 2020 and 2021 cyclical lows as the near-term outlook for the new railcar market indicates a stable level of replacement demand. 
 Executive Overview 
 Financial Operations and Highlights 
 Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 10.1 to 2.2 billion compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 with all three segments contributing to the increase. 
 Operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 349.0 million increased 241.7 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, of which 189.0 million related to the gain on the sale of the storage tanks business completed in the fourth quarter. The additional 52.7 million increase was driven by increased pricing and volumes in Construction Products, higher margins on increased pricing in Engineered Structures, and higher overall volumes and increased efficiencies in Transportation Products. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 As a percentage of revenue, selling, general, and administrative expenses was 11.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 12.6 in the prior year. Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased by 2.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the prior year largely due to increased compensation costs. 
 The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 22.3 compared to 16.7 for the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 10, Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 245.8 million compared with 69.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Unsatisfied Performance Obligations (Backlog) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 our backlog of firm orders was as follows: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in millions) Engineered Structures: Utility, wind, and related structures 671.3 437.5 Storage tanks (1) 
 22.0 Transportation Products: Inland barges 225.1 92.7 
 (1) On October 3, 2022, the Company completed the sale of its storage tanks business and its related backlog. 
 Approximately 57 of the unsatisfied performance obligations for our utility, wind, and related structures in our Engineered Structures segment are expected to be delivered during the year ending 2023, 24 expected to be delivered during the year ending 2024, with the remainder expected to be delivered during the year ending 2025. All of the unsatisfied performance obligations for inland barges in our Transportation Products segment are expected to be delivered during the year ending 2023. 

Results of Operations 
 The following discussion of Arcosa s results of operations should be read in connection with Forward-Looking Statements and Item 1A, Risk Factors . These items provide additional relevant information regarding the business of Arcosa, its strategy and various industry conditions which have a direct and significant impact on Arcosa s results of operations, as well as the risks associated with Arcosa s business. 
 Overall Summary 
 Revenues Year Ended December 31, Percent Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 in millions) Construction Products 923.5 796.8 593.6 15.9 34.2 Engineered Structures 1,002.0 934.1 877.7 7.3 6.4 Transportation Products 317.3 305.6 466.5 3.8 (34.5) Segment Totals before Eliminations 2,242.8 2,036.5 1,937.8 10.1 5.1 Eliminations (0.1) (2.2) Consolidated Total 2,242.8 2,036.4 1,935.6 10.1 5.2 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Revenues increased by 10.1 . 
 Revenues from our Construction Products segment increased primarily due to increased pricing across our product lines in our aggregate and specialty materials businesses and higher volumes from recently acquired businesses. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 In our Engineered Structures segment, revenues increased primarily due to increased pricing in all product lines. 
 Revenues from our Transportation Products segment increased primarily due to higher deliveries in steel components, partially offset by lower tank barge deliveries. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Revenues increased by 5.2 . 
 Revenues from our Construction Products segment increased primarily due to higher natural and recycled aggregates volumes from acquired businesses as well as in our legacy natural aggregates business. 
 In our Engineered Structures segment, revenues increased primarily due to increased pricing in all product lines driven by higher steel prices and higher volumes in utility structures and U.S. storage tanks. 
 Revenues from our Transportation Products segment decreased primarily due to lower volumes in our inland barge business. 
 Operating Costs 
 Operating costs are comprised of cost of revenues; selling, general, and administrative expenses; impairment charges; and gains or losses on property disposals. 
 Year Ended December 31, Percent Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 (in millions) Construction Products 827.0 713.6 518.9 15.9 37.5 Engineered Structures 695.0 846.1 797.5 (17.9) 6.1 Transportation Products 305.8 299.2 411.9 2.2 (27.4) Segment Totals before Eliminations and Corporate Expenses 1,827.8 1,858.9 1,728.3 (1.7) 7.6 Corporate 66.0 70.3 57.7 (6.1) 21.8 Eliminations (0.1) (2.2) Consolidated Total 1,893.8 1,929.1 1,783.8 (1.8) 8.1 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization 154.1 144.3 114.5 6.8 26.0 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Operating costs decreased 1.8 . Excluding the 189.0 million gain on the sale of our storage tanks business within the Engineered Structures segment, operating costs increased 8.0 
 Cost of revenues for Construction Products increased primarily due to inflationary-related cost increases, including diesel, cement, and process fuels and higher volumes from recently acquired businesses. 
 Excluding the gain from the sale of the storage tanks business, operating costs for Engineered Structures increased primarily due to higher steel raw material prices. 
 Cost of revenues for Transportation Products increased primarily due to increased steel component volumes and higher steel raw material costs in inland barges. 
 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization increased primarily due to recent acquisitions, including the fair value mark up of long-lived assets. 
 As a percentage of revenue, selling, general, and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 11.7 compared to 12.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Operating costs increased 8.1 . 
 Cost of revenues for Construction Products increased primarily due to higher volumes from acquired businesses, including the cost impact of the fair market value write-up of acquired inventory and additional depreciation, depletion, and amortization expense. 
 Cost of revenues for Engineered Structures increased primarily due to higher volumes in our utility structures business, as well as higher steel raw material prices. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of revenues for Transportation Products decreased primarily due to lower volumes in our inland barge business. 
 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization increased primarily due to the acquisition of StonePoint and other recent acquisitions, including the fair value mark up of long-lived assets. 
 As a percentage of revenue, selling, general, and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 12.6 compared to 11.5 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase is largely due to additional costs from acquired businesses in Construction Products and higher corporate costs due to a legal settlement in the fourth quarter and higher acquisition-related transaction and integration costs. 
 Operating Profit (Loss) 
 Year Ended December 31, Percent Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 (in millions) Construction Products 96.5 83.2 74.7 16.0 11.4 Engineered Structures 307.0 88.0 80.2 248.9 9.7 Transportation Products 11.5 6.4 54.6 79.7 (88.3) Segment Totals before Eliminations and Corporate Expenses 415.0 177.6 209.5 133.7 (15.2) Corporate (66.0) (70.3) (57.7) (6.1) 21.8 Consolidated Total 349.0 107.3 151.8 225.3 (29.3) 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Operating profit increased 225.3 , a large portion of which related to the 189.0 million gain on sale of our storage tanks business within the Engineered Structures segment. Excluding the gain, operating profit increased 52.7 million, or 49.1 . 
 Operating profit in Construction Products increased primarily due to increased pricing and volumes from recently acquired businesses, partially offset by inflationary-related cost increases, including diesel, cement, and process fuels. 
 Operating profit in Engineered Structures increased by 34.1 , excluding the gain on the sale of the storage tanks business, primarily due to higher revenues and improved margins in our utility structures and storage tanks businesses as well as improved pricing across all product lines. 
 Operating profit in Transportation Products increased primarily due to higher volumes and improved margins in our steel components business. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Our operating profit decreased 29.3 . 
 Operating profit in the Construction Products segment increased primarily due to increased volumes from recently acquired business and in our legacy businesses. 
 Operating profit in our Engineered Structures segment increased primarily due to higher volumes in our utility structures business and improved margins in our storage tanks business, partially offset by lower wind tower volumes. 
 Operating profit in our Transportation Products segment decreased primarily due to lower barge volumes and the associated decline in operational efficiencies from reduced capacity utilization. 
 For a further discussion of revenues, costs, and the operating results of individual segments, see Segment Discussion below. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income and Expense 
 Other, net (income) expense consists of the following items: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Interest income (1.1) (0.4) Foreign currency exchange transactions 3.3 0.6 3.6 Other (0.4) (0.3) (0.2) Other, net (income) expense 1.8 0.3 3.0 
 
 Other, net expense due to foreign currency exchange transactions increased by 2.7 million in 2022 primarily driven by increased volatility in the U.S. dollar to Mexican peso exchange rate as well as foreign currency impacts on the sale of the storage tanks business in Mexico. 
 Income Taxes 
 The income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 70.4 million, 14.0 million, and 31.6 million, respectively. The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 22.3 , 16.7 , and 22.9 , respectively. The effective tax rates differ from the federal tax rate of 21.0 due to the impact of state income taxes, excess tax benefits related to equity compensation, and the impact of foreign tax benefits. The increase in our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was largely due to true-ups of apportionment rates impacting prior year state current and deferred taxes. For a reconciliation of the federal tax rate to our effective tax rate, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, on March 27, 2020 the U.S. Congress passed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), which includes certain tax relief and benefits that impacted the Company. Approximately 15 million of federal and state income tax payments deferred during the first half of 2020 were paid during the third quarter of 2020. Approximately 5.4 million and 4.3 million of payroll-related taxes were paid during 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has repaid all payroll-related taxes deferred in accordance with the provisions of the CARES Act. 
 See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion of income taxes. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Discussion 
 Construction Products Year Ended December 31, Percent Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 in millions) Revenues: Aggregates and specialty materials 821.4 711.6 529.4 15.4 34.4 Construction site support 102.1 85.2 64.2 19.8 32.7 Total revenues 923.5 796.8 593.6 15.9 34.2 Operating costs: Cost of revenues 726.6 623.7 449.7 16.5 38.7 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 100.4 89.9 68.4 11.7 31.4 Impairment charge 0.8 Operating profit 96.5 83.2 74.7 16.0 11.4 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization 102.7 88.7 60.1 15.8 47.6 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Revenues increased 15.9 partially due to recent acquisitions, which on a combined basis accounted for approximately half of the increase in segment revenues. The additional increase in revenues was driven by strong pricing gains across our product lines in our aggregates and specialty materials businesses, partially offset by overall lower volumes from legacy operations. Revenues from our trench shoring business increased 19.8 driven by higher volumes and increased pricing. 
 Cost of revenues increased 16.5 , partially due to higher volumes as well as additional depreciation, depletion, and amortization expense from recently acquired businesses. Cost of revenues also increased due to higher inflationary-related costs, including diesel, cement, and process fuels, across our businesses. As a percent of revenues, cost of revenues increased slightly. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 11.7 driven by additional costs from recently acquired businesses. As a percentage of revenues, selling, general, and administrative costs declined to 10.9 compared to 11.3 in the previous year. 
 Operating profit increased by 16.0 , in line with revenue. 
 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization expense increased primarily due to recent acquisitions, including the impact of the fair value mark up of long-lived assets. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Revenues increased 34.2 , primarily due to StonePoint and other recent acquisitions, which on a combined basis increased segment revenues by approximately 25 . The additional increase in revenues was driven by strong demand for construction aggregates despite numerous weather-related challenges in the first half of the year, partially offset by reduced shipments to oil and gas markets. Revenues from our trench shoring business increased 32.7 , above pre-pandemic levels, due to higher steel prices and improved demand conditions as COVID-related construction delays improved. 
 Cost of revenues increased 38.7 due to higher volumes from the acquired businesses and strong demand in our legacy businesses. Cost of revenues also increased due to a 4.7 million increase in the amortization of the fair value mark up of acquired inventory as well as higher depreciation, depletion, and amortization expense from acquired businesses. As a percent of revenues, cost of revenues in our legacy businesses, excluding depreciation, depletion, and amortization, were mostly in line with the prior year despite higher fuel prices and other inflationary-related increases. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 31.4 due to additional costs from acquired businesses. As a percentage of revenues, selling, general, and administrative costs in the legacy businesses declined as legacy costs were substantially unchanged from the previous year. 
 Operating profit increased 11.4 driven by increased volumes in the second half of the year which offset the impact of Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter, and excessive rainfall in the second quarter. Excluding the impact of the fair value mark up of acquired inventory and the impairment charge recognized in the prior year, operating profit increased approximately 15 . 
 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization expense increased primarily due to StonePoint and other recently acquired businesses along with the associated fair value mark up of acquired long-lived assets. 

Engineered Structures Year Ended December 31, Percent Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 in millions) Revenues: Utility, wind, and related structures 813.1 717.9 695.2 13.3 3.3 Storage tanks 188.9 216.2 182.5 (12.6) 18.5 Total revenues 1,002.0 934.1 877.7 7.3 6.4 Operating costs: Cost of revenues 810.4 769.2 721.8 5.4 6.6 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 73.6 74.0 74.4 (0.5) (0.5) Gain on sale of storage tanks business (189.0) Impairment charge 2.9 1.3 Operating profit 307.0 88.0 80.2 248.9 9.7 Depreciation and amortization 30.5 33.1 31.5 (7.9) 5.1 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Revenues increased 7.3 driven by increased pricing across all product lines partially offset by lower overall volumes and the sale of the storage tanks business which was completed on October 3, 2022. 
 Cost of revenues increased 5.4 primarily driven by higher steel raw material prices partially offset by lower overall volumes and the elimination of costs for storage tanks in the fourth quarter following the sale. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were substantially unchanged as increased costs in utility structures were offset by the elimination of costs from storage tanks in the fourth quarter following the sale. 
 Operating profit increased significantly driven by the 189.0 million gain recognized on sale of our storage tanks business during the fourth quarter. Excluding the gain, operating profit increased 30.0 million or 34.1 primarily due to higher revenues and improved margins in our utility structures and storage tanks businesses as well as improved pricing across all product lines. The increase was partially offset by a 7.7 million increase to operating profit in 2021 related to the resolution of a customer dispute. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Revenues increased 6.4 due to increased pricing across all product lines, higher volumes in utility structures, and the full year impact of the acquired traffic and telecom structures businesses. Revenue increases were partially offset by lower wind tower volumes. Revenues also increased by 7.7 million due to a non-recurring item in our wind towers business related to the resolution of a customer dispute from 2019. 
 Cost of revenues increased 6.6 driven by higher steel raw material prices and increased volumes in our utility structures business, partially offset by lower wind tower volumes. Cost of revenues were reduced by a gain of 3.9 million recognized on the sale of a non-operating facility in the first quarter. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were substantially unchanged. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Operating profit increased by 9.7 primarily due to increased volumes in our utility structures business and improved margins in our storage tanks and utility structures businesses, a one-time resolution of a customer dispute, and the gain on the sale of a non-operating facility. This increase was partially offset by lower wind tower volumes and Winter Storm Uri that impacted production in our Texas and Oklahoma plants for approximately one week in the first quarter. 
 Unsatisfied Performance Obligations (Backlog) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the backlog for utility, wind, and related structures was 671.3 million compared to 437.5 million as of December 31, 2021. Approximately 57 of the unsatisfied performance obligations for our utility, wind, and related structures are expected to be delivered during the year ending December 31, 2023, 24 expected to be delivered during the year ending 2024, with the remainder expected to be delivered during the year ending 2025. 

Transportation Products Year Ended December 31, Percent Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 in millions) Revenues: Inland barges 189.9 215.7 378.3 (12.0) (43.0) Steel components 127.4 89.9 88.2 41.7 1.9 Total revenues 317.3 305.6 466.5 3.8 (34.5) Operating costs: Cost of revenues 283.0 277.4 384.3 2.0 (27.8) Selling, general, and administrative expenses 22.8 21.8 22.6 4.6 (3.5) Impairment charge 5.0 Operating profit 11.5 6.4 54.6 79.7 (88.3) Depreciation and amortization 15.8 17.8 18.0 (11.2) (1.1) 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Revenues increased 3.8 led by a 41.7 increase in steel components revenues due to increased deliveries resulting from improving demand conditions in the North American railcar market. The segment increase was partially offset by a 12.0 decrease in revenues from inland barges, reflecting continued weak demand conditions resulting from historically high steel prices. 
 Cost of revenues increased by 2.0 driven by higher steel component volumes, partially offset by lower tank barge volumes. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 4.6 due to higher overall volumes and increased legal expenses. 
 Operating profit increased by 79.7 due to higher overall volumes and improved margins in our steel components business. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Revenues decreased 34.5 . Revenues from inland barges decreased 43.0 due to lower tank and hopper barge deliveries as demand conditions weakened from the COVID-19 pandemic and increased steel prices. Steel component revenues increased slightly due to higher deliveries as market fundamentals in the North American railcar market began to improve from cyclical trough levels reached in 2020. 
 Cost of revenues decreased 27.8 driven by lower barge volumes. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased due to lower compensation costs. 
 Operating profit decreased by 88.3 due to lower barge volumes and the associated decline in operational efficiencies from reduced capacity utilization. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Unsatisfied Performance Obligations (Backlog) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the backlog for inland barges was 225.1 million compared to 92.7 million as of December 31, 2021. All of the backlog for inland barges is expected to be delivered during the year ending December 31, 2023. 

Corporate Year Ended December 31, Percent Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 in millions) Corporate overhead costs 66.0 70.3 57.7 (6.1) 21.8 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Corporate overhead costs decreased 6.1 primarily due to a 1.1 million reduction in acquisition and divestiture-related expenses as well as by 8.7 million for a legal settlement recognized in the prior year. This decrease was partially offset by higher compensation-related expenses in the current year. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Corporate overhead costs increased 21.8 primarily due to an additional 6.9 million of acquisition-related transaction and integration costs as well as a legal settlement of 8.7 million incurred during the fourth quarter of 2021 related to a previously disclosed matter regarding events that pre-dated the Company's spin-off. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Arcosa s primary liquidity requirement consists of funding our business operations, including capital expenditures, working capital investment, and disciplined acquisitions. Our primary sources of liquidity include cash flow from operations, our existing cash balance, availability under the revolving credit facility, and, as necessary, the issuance of additional long-term debt or equity. To the extent we have available liquidity, we may also consider undertaking new capital investment projects, executing additional strategic acquisitions, returning capital to stockholders, or funding other general corporate purposes. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for each of the last three years: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Total cash provided by (required by): Operating activities 174.3 166.5 259.9 Investing activities 90.7 (570.3) (528.2) Financing activities (177.5) 380.9 123.7 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 87.5 (22.9) (144.6) 
 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 174.3 million compared to 166.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The changes in current assets and liabilities resulted in a net use of cash of 65.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net use of cash of 50.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The current year activity was primarily driven by increased receivables and inventories due to increased volumes and higher steel prices. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities. Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 90.7 million compared to net cash required by investing activities of 570.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 138.0 million compared to 85.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 driven by investment in various growth projects in our Construction Products and Engineered Structures segments. 
 Proceeds of 271.6 million were received during the year ended December 31, 2022 from the sale of the storage tanks business compared to 18.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from the divestiture of an asphalt operation acquired as part of the StonePoint acquisition. 
 Proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment and other assets totaled 32.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 20.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired, was 75.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 523.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Financing Activities. Net cash required by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 177.5 million compared to 380.9 million of net cash provided by financing activities for the same period in 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received net proceeds from borrowings under its revolving credit facility of 30 million which was used to partially finance the acquisition of RAMCO. Subsequently, the Company used 155.0 million of cash proceeds from the sale of the storage tanks business in the fourth quarter to repay all amounts borrowed under its revolving credit facility. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received proceeds from the issuance of the 400 million senior notes to finance the acquisition of StonePoint. The Company also received proceeds of 100 million from borrowings under the revolving credit facility, of which 75 million were repaid during the year. 
 Dividends paid during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 9.8 million. 
 The Company paid 15.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 to repurchase common stock under the share repurchase program in effect at the time compared to 9.4 million paid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 2021 versus 2020 
 Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 166.5 million compared to 259.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The changes in current assets and liabilities resulted in a net use of cash of 50.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to a net source of cash of 3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily driven by increased receivables and inventories due to increased volumes and higher steel prices. 
 Investing Activities. Net cash required by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 570.3 million compared to 528.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 85.1 million compared to 82.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment and other assets totaled 20.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 9.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired, was 523.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 455.7 million during for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Financing Activities. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 380.9 million compared to 123.7 million of net cash provided by financing activities for the same period in 2020. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received proceeds from the issuance of the 400 million senior notes. The Company also received proceeds of 100 million from borrowings under our revolving credit facility, of which 75 million were repaid during the year. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company received proceeds from the issuance of the 150 million term loan to partially fund the acquisition of Cherry and, as a precautionary measure at the onset of the pandemic, borrowings under the Company's revolving credit facility of 100 million which were later repaid during the year. 
 Dividends paid during the year ended December 31, 2021 were 9.8 million. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The Company paid 9.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 to repurchase common stock under the share repurchase program in effect at the time compared to 8.0 million paid during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Other Investing and Financing Activities 
 Revolving Credit Facility and Senior Notes 
 On January 2, 2020, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to increase the revolving credit facility to 500 million and added a term loan facility of 150 million, in each case with a maturity date of January 2, 2025. The entire term loan was advanced on January 2, 2020 in connection with the closing of the acquisition of Cherry. As of December 31, 2022, the term loan had a remaining balance of 136.8 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding loans borrowed under the revolving credit facility, and there were approximately 25.3 million of letters of credit issued, leaving 474.7 million available. During 2022, the Company borrowed a net 30 million, which was used to partially finance the acquisition of RAMCO. In the fourth quarter, the Company used 155.0 million of the cash proceeds from the sale of the storage tanks business to repay all outstanding loans borrowed under its revolving credit facility. See Note 2 Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. Of the outstanding letters of credit as of December 31, 2022, 24.7 million are expected to expire in 2023, with the remainder in 2024. The majority of our letter of credit obligations support the Company s various insurance programs and generally renew by their terms each year. 
 The interest rates under the revolving credit facility and term loan are variable based on LIBOR or an alternate base rate plus a margin. A commitment fee accrues on the average daily unused portion of the revolving facility. The margin for borrowing and commitment fee rate are determined based on Arcosa s leverage as measured by a consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The margin for borrowing ranges from 1.25 to 2.00 and was set at LIBOR plus 1.75 as of December 31, 2022. The commitment fee rate ranges from 0.20 to 0.35 and was set at 0.30 at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company's revolving credit and term loan facilities require the maintenance of certain ratios related to leverage and interest coverage. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all such financial covenants. Borrowings under the credit agreement are guaranteed by certain wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. 
 In order to increase liquidity in anticipation of the acquisition of StonePoint, the Company entered into an unsecured 364-Day Credit Agreement on March 26, 2021 providing for a revolving line of credit of 150.0 million, with an outside maturity date of March 25, 2022, with pricing, covenants, and guarantees substantially similar to the Company s existing revolving credit and term loan facilities. Per the terms of the facility, it terminated on April 6, 2021 upon the closing of the Company s private offering of 400.0 million in senior notes. 
 On April 6, 2021, the Company issued 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.375 senior notes (the Notes that mature in April 2029. Interest on the Notes is payable semiannually in April and October of each year. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of the Company s domestic subsidiaries that is a guarantor under our revolving credit and term loan facilities. 
 We believe, based on our current business plans, that our existing cash, available liquidity, and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund necessary capital expenditures and operating cash requirements for the foreseeable future. 
 Repurchase Program 
 In December 2022, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board authorized a new 50 million share repurchase program effective January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2024 to replace a program of the same amount that expired on December 31, 2022. Under the previous program, the Company repurchased 298,629 shares at a cost of 15.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased 170,168 shares at a cost of 9.4 million. See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 In December 2018, the Company entered into an interest rate swap instrument, effective as of January 2, 2019 and expiring in October 2023, to reduce the effect of changes in the variable interest rates associated borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The instrument carried an initial notional amount of 100 million, thereby hedging the first 100 million of borrowings. The instrument effectively fixes the LIBOR component of the borrowings at a monthly rate of 2.71 . As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded an asset of 1.8 million for the fair value of the instrument, all of which is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. See Note 3 and Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We have a stock-based compensation plan for our directors, officers, and employees. See Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Employee Retirement Plans 
 In 2022, we sponsored an employee savings plan under the 401(k) plan that covered substantially all employees and included a company matching contribution with the investment of the funds directed by the participants. The Company also contributed to a multiemployer defined benefit pension plan under the terms of a collective-bargaining agreement that covered certain union-represented employees at one of our facilities. See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had the following contractual obligations and commercial commitments: Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments Total Next 12 Months Beyond 12 Months (in millions) Debt 536.8 8.4 528.4 Operating leases 40.3 7.8 32.5 Finance leases 20.3 6.9 13.4 Obligations for purchase of goods and services 
 181.8 177.1 4.7 Total 779.2 200.2 579.0 
 See Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 MD A discusses our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 
 On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe the following critical accounting policies include our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Business Combinations and Allocation of Purchase Price 
 We account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. As of the date that control in the entity is obtained, the purchase price of the transaction is allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The purchase price is determined based on the fair value of consideration transferred to and liabilities assumed from the seller as of the date of acquisition. Goodwill is recorded for the excess of the purchase price over the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The determination of the acquisition date fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to future expected cash flows, useful lives, and discount rates. 
 We commonly use an excess earnings method to value acquired mineral reserves and separately identifiable intangible assets, which may include, but are not limited to, customer relationships, permits, and backlog. Significant assumptions used in the valuation of these types of assets may include projected revenues, production costs, capital requirements, customer attrition rates, and discount rates. Changes in the assumptions used could have a significant impact on the estimated acquisition date fair value of the related asset and any future depreciation, depletion, or amortization expense. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 The estimated remaining useful lives of acquired tangible and definite-lived intangible assets are based on the length of time that the assets are expected to provide value to the Company and have a significant impact on current and future period earnings. 
 Management's estimates of fair value are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. We may adjust the amounts recognized in an acquisition during a measurement period after the acquisition date. Any such adjustments are the result of subsequently obtaining additional information that existed at the acquisition date regarding the assets acquired or the liabilities assumed. Measurement period adjustments are generally recorded as increases or decreases to goodwill, if any, recognized in the transaction. The cumulative impact of measurement period adjustments on depreciation, amortization, and other income statement items are recognized in the period the adjustment is determined. 
 Acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. We include results of operations from acquired businesses in our Consolidated Financial Statements from the effective date of the acquisition. 
 Long-lived Assets 
 As of December 31, 2022, net property, plant, and equipment and net intangible assets represent 36 and 8 of the Company's total assets, respectively. The methods for recognition of depreciation, depletion, and amortization are based on estimates regarding the expected future economic benefit to the Company and any potential impairment to the value of such assets could be significant. As such, the accounting treatment for these long-lived assets is a critical accounting policy. 
 Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated or depleted over their estimated useful lives, primarily using the straight-line method. Depletion of mineral reserves is calculated based on estimated proven and probable reserves using the units-of-production method on a quarry-by-quarry basis. Intangible assets, primarily consisting of customer relationships and permits, are recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition and amortized over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the ranges of estimated useful lives by category of property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets. 
 We periodically evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used for potential impairment whenever facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used is considered impaired when the carrying value is not recoverable through undiscounted future cash flows and the fair value of the asset or asset group is less than their carrying value. Fair value is determined primarily using the anticipated cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risks involved or market quotes as available. Significant estimates and judgments that most significantly impact the impairment analysis may include projected revenues, operating profit, and the remaining useful life over which the asset or asset group is expected to generate cash flows. 
 Impairment losses on long-lived assets held for sale are determined in a similar manner, except that estimated fair values are reduced by the estimated cost to dispose of the assets. 
 The Company had no impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2022. Impairment charges of 2.9 million were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to assets that were classified as held for sale during the year. Impairment charges of 7.1 million were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2020 related to assets that were disposed of during the year. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment annually or on an interim basis whenever events or circumstances change indicating that the carrying amount of the goodwill might be impaired. The quantitative goodwill impairment test is assessed at the reporting unit level by comparing the reporting unit's estimated fair value with the carrying amount of its net assets. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. The goodwill impairment is measured as the excess of the reporting unit's carrying value over its fair value, not to exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The estimates and judgments that most significantly affect the fair value calculations are assumptions, consisting of level three inputs, related to revenue and operating profit growth, discount rates, and exit multiples. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, goodwill totaled 958.5 million. Based on the Company's annual goodwill impairment test, performed at the reporting unit level as of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that no impairment charges were determined to be necessary and that none of the reporting units evaluated were at risk of failing the goodwill impairment test. A reporting unit is considered to be at risk if its estimated fair value does not exceed the carrying value of its net assets by 10 or more. See Note 1 and Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We believe that the assumptions used in our impairment analysis are reasonable; however, given the uncertainties of the economy and its potential impact on our businesses, there can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions regarding the fair value of our reporting units will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. Additionally, variations in any of these assumptions may result in different calculations in fair value that could result in an impairment charge. 
 A 100 basis point increase in the discount rate or reduction in the terminal growth rate would not have resulted in an impairment of goodwill for any of our reporting units as of December 31, 2022. 
 Contingencies and Litigation 
 The Company is involved in claims and lawsuits and environmental matters incidental to our business. We evaluate our exposure to such claims and suits periodically and establish accruals for these contingencies when probable losses can be reasonably estimated. The range of reasonably possible losses for such matters, taking into consideration our rights in indemnity and recourse to third parties was 0.3 million to 1.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 9.1 million to 9.5 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Based on information currently available with respect to such claims and lawsuits, including information on claims and lawsuits as to which the Company is aware but for which the Company has not been served with legal process, it is management s opinion that the ultimate outcome of all such claims and litigation, including settlements, in the aggregate will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition for purposes of financial reporting. However, resolution of certain claims or lawsuits by settlement or otherwise, could impact the operating results of the reporting period in which such resolution occurs. For additional information, see Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Income Taxes 
 The liability method is used to account for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amount of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and other tax attributes using currently enacted tax rates. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in the provision for income taxes in the period that includes the enactment date. Management is required to estimate the timing of the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, make assumptions about the future deductibility of deferred tax assets, and assess deferred tax liabilities based on enacted law and tax rates for the appropriate tax jurisdictions to determine the amount of such deferred tax assets and liabilities. Changes in the calculated deferred tax assets and liabilities may occur in certain circumstances including statutory income tax rate changes, statutory tax law changes, or changes in the structure or tax status of the Company. The Company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency, and severity of recent losses; a forecast of future profitability; the duration of statutory carryback and carryforward periods; the Company s experience with tax attributes expiring unused; and tax planning alternatives. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our adjusted net deferred tax liability was 166.0 million. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 60.3 million federal consolidated net operating loss carryforwards, primarily from businesses acquired, and 6.6 million of tax-effected state loss carryforwards remaining. In addition, the Company had 9.1 million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards that will begin to expire in the year 2023. We have established a valuation allowance for state and foreign tax operating losses and credits that we have estimated may not be realizable. 
 For additional information, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information about recent accounting pronouncements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This annual report on Form 10-K (or statements otherwise made by the Company or on the Company s behalf from time to time in other reports, filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), news releases, conferences, internet postings or otherwise) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements contained herein that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, future financial performances, estimates, projections, goals, and forecasts. Arcosa uses the words anticipates, assumes, believes, estimates, expects, intends, forecasts, may, will, should, plans, and similar expressions to identify these forward-looking statements. Potential factors, which could cause our actual results of operations to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others: 
 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our sales, operations, supply chain, employees, and financial condition; 
 market conditions and customer demand for our business products and services; 
 the cyclical nature of the industries in which we compete; 
 variations in weather in areas where our products are manufactured, sold, used, or installed; 
 naturally occurring events and other events and disasters causing disruption to our manufacturing, product deliveries, and production capacity, thereby giving rise to an increase in expenses, loss of revenue, and property losses; 
 competition and other competitive factors; 
 our ability to identify, consummate, or integrate acquisitions of new businesses or products, or divest any business; 
 the timing of introduction of new products; 
 the timing and delivery of customer orders or a breach of customer contracts; 
 the credit worthiness of customers and their access to capital; 
 product price changes; 
 changes in mix of products sold; 
 the costs incurred to align manufacturing capacity with demand and the extent of its utilization; 
 the operating leverage and efficiencies that can be achieved by our manufacturing businesses; 
 availability and costs of steel, component parts, supplies, and other raw materials; 
 changing technologies; 
 surcharges and other fees added to fixed pricing agreements for steel, component parts, supplies and other raw materials; 
 increased costs due to increased inflation; 
 interest rates and capital costs; 
 counter-party risks for financial instruments; 
 long-term funding of our operations; 
 taxes; 
 the stability of the governments and political and business conditions in certain foreign countries, particularly Mexico; 
 changes in import and export quotas and regulations; 
 business conditions in emerging economies; 
 costs and results of litigation; 
 changes in accounting standards or inaccurate estimates or assumptions in the application of accounting policies; 
 legal, regulatory, and environmental issues, including compliance of our products with mandated specifications, standards, or testing criteria and obligations to remove and replace our products following installation or to recall our products and install different products manufactured by us or our competitors; 
 actions by the executive and legislative branches of the U.S. government relative to federal government budgeting, taxation policies, government expenditures, U.S. borrowing/debt ceiling limits, and trade policies, including tariffs, and border closures; 
 the inability to sufficiently protect our intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to mitigate against cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware, malware, phishing emails, and other electronic security threats; 
 the improper use of social and other digital media to disseminate false, misleading, and/or unreliable or inaccurate information about the Company or demonstrate actions that negatively reflect on the Company; 
 if the Company's ESG efforts and related public disclosures are not favorably received by stockholders; 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 if the Former Parent fails to perform under various transaction agreements that were executed as part of the Separation; 
 if the distribution of shares of Arcosa resulting from the Separation, together with certain related transactions, does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company's stockholders at the time of the distribution and the Company could be subject to significant tax liability; and 
 if the Separation does not comply with legal dividend requirements. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made. Arcosa undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see Item 1A, Risk Factors included elsewhere herein. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Our earnings could be affected by changes in interest rates due to the impact those changes have on our variable rate revolving credit and term loan facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding loans borrowed under the revolving credit facility and the term loan had a remaining balance of 136.8 million . If interest rates average one percentage point more in fiscal year 2023 than they did during 2022, our interest expense would increase by 0.4 million, after considering the effects of interest rate hedges. In comparison, at December 31, 2021, we estimated that an average increase of one percentage point would increase interest expense by 1.7 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 400.0 million outstanding on our 4.375 senior notes (the "Notes") due 2029. The Notes have a 4.375 fixed annual interest rate and, therefore, our economic interest rate exposure is fixed. However, the values of the Notes are exposed to interest rate risk. We estimate that a one percentage point increase in market interest rates would decrease the fair value of the Notes by approximately 17.9 million. We carry the Notes at face value less unamortized discount on our Consolidated Balance Sheet and present the fair value for disclosure purposes only. 
 In addition, we are subject to market risk related to our net investments in our foreign subsidiaries. The net investment in foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 was 109.6 million. The impact of such market risk exposures as a result of foreign exchange rate fluctuations has not been significant to Arcosa. See Note 9 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Arcosa, Inc. 
 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 57 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 60 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 61 

53 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Arcosa, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Arcosa, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of Goodwill 
 Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s goodwill was million and represented 29 of total assets. As discussed in Note 1 of the financial statements, goodwill is required to be tested for impairment annually, or on an interim basis whenever events or circumstances change, indicating that the carrying amount of the goodwill might be impaired. 
 Auditing management s annual goodwill impairment test is complex due to the significant measurement uncertainty in determining the fair value of each reporting unit. In particular, the fair value estimates are sensitive to significant assumptions such as weighted average cost of capital, revenue growth rates, and projected operating margins, which are affected by expected future market or economic conditions. Our risk assessment for goodwill impairment considers the amount by which the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of its net assets since the level of precision required for estimated fair value increases as the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value narrows. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We tested controls over the Company s goodwill impairment process for estimating the fair value of the Company s reporting units. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the valuation model and of the significant assumptions used to develop the prospective financial information, including management s controls to validate that the data used in the valuation was complete and accurate. To test the fair value of the Company s reporting units, our audit procedures included: (i) assessing the appropriateness of the methodology utilized by management to estimate fair value; (ii) assessing the significant assumptions used by management by comparing them to current industry and economic trends, considering changes in the Company s business model, customer base or product mix and other relevant factors; (iii) performing sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions; and (iv) reviewing the reconciliation of the fair value of the reporting units to the market capitalization of the Company and assessing the resulting control premium. In addition, we involved valuation specialists to assist us in evaluating the components and assumptions that are most significant to the fair value estimate. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Arcosa, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions, except per share amounts) Revenues Operating costs: Cost of revenues Selling, general, and administrative expenses Gain on sale of storage tanks business ) Impairment charge Total operating profit Interest expense Other, net (income) expense Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes: Current Deferred Net income Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Dividends declared per common share 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Arcosa, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Derivative financial instruments: Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period, net of tax expense (benefit) of , , and 
 ) Reclassification adjustments for losses included in net income, net of tax expense (benefit) of ), ), and 
 Currency translation adjustment: Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period, net of tax expense (benefit) of ), , and 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Arcosa, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in millions, except per share amounts) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and 
 Inventories: Raw materials and supplies Work in process Finished goods Other Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Goodwill Intangibles, net Deferred income taxes Other assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Advance billings Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Debt Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value shares authorized at December 31, 2022; at December 31, 2021; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; at December 31, 2021 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock shares at December 31, 2022; at December 31, 2021 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Arcosa, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, depletion, and amortization Impairment charge Stock-based compensation expense Provision for deferred income taxes Gains on disposition of property and other assets ) ) ) Gain on sale of storage tanks business ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) ) Other ) ) Changes in current assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in receivables ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in inventories ) ) (Increase) decrease in other current assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable Increase (decrease) in advance billings ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Proceeds from disposition of property and other assets Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of businesses Net cash provided (required) by investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Payments to retire debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Shares repurchased ) ) ) Dividends paid to common shareholders ) ) ) Purchase of shares to satisfy employee tax on vested stock ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Other ) Net cash (required) provided by financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 Income tax payments for the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Arcosa, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Common Stock Treasury Stock Shares Par Value 
 Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Shares Amount Total Stockholders Equity (in millions, except par value) Balances at December 31, 2019 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends on common stock ) ) Restricted shares, net ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) Other ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends on common stock ) ) Restricted shares, net ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends on common stock ) ) Restricted shares, net ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Arcosa, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1. 
 
 million share repurchase program effective January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2024 to replace a program of the same amount that expired on December 31, 2022. Under the previous program, the Company repurchased shares at a cost of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased shares at a cost of million. 
 million and million, respectively, which is included in receivables, net of allowance, within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The increase in the contract asset during 2022 is due to timing of deliveries. For all other products, revenue is recognized when the customer has accepted the product and legal title of the product has passed to the customer. 
 Transportation Products 
 The Transportation Products segment recognizes revenue when the customer has accepted the product and legal title of the product has passed to the customer. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Storage tanks Transportation Products: Inland barges 
 of the unsatisfied performance obligations for our utility, wind, and related structures in our Engineered Structures segment are expected to be delivered during the year ending 2024, with the remainder expected to be delivered during the year ending 2025. On October 3, 2022, the Company completed the sale of its storage tanks business and its related backlog. Note 2 Acquisitions and Divestitures. 

62 

Table of Contents 

to years; leasehold improvements - the lesser of the term of the lease or years; and machinery and equipment - to years. Depletion of mineral reserves is calculated based on estimated proven and probable reserves using the units-of-production method on a quarry-by-quarry basis. The costs of ordinary maintenance and repair are charged to operating costs as incurred. 
 impairment charges were determined to be necessary. 
 Intangible assets are recorded at fair value, using level three inputs, on the date of acquisition and evaluated to determine their estimated useful life. These assets primarily consist of customer relationships and permits and are amortized using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives for definite-lived intangible assets are: customer relationships - to years; permits - to years; and other - to years. 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets primarily relate to an acquired trademark. These assets are not amortized but are evaluated for impairment annually, or on an interim basis when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The impairment test compares the fair value of each asset to its carrying value using a relief from royalty method. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's annual impairment test was completed and impairment charges were determined to be necessary. 
 impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2022. Impairment charges of million were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to assets that were classified as held for sale during the year. Impairment charges of million were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2020 related to assets that were disposed of during the year. 
 million and million, respectively, which is included in accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 to years depending on the product. The warranty costs are estimated using a two-step approach. First, an engineering estimate is made for the cost of all claims that have been asserted by customers. Second, based on historical, accepted claims experience, a cost is accrued for all products still within a warranty period for which no claims have been filed. The Company provides for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized related to products covered by warranties and assesses the adequacy of the resulting reserves on a quarterly basis. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, which is included in accrued liabilities within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

64 

Table of Contents 

Net cash paid Goodwill recorded 
 2022 Acquisitions 
 In May 2022, we completed the stock acquisition of Recycled Aggregate Materials Company, Inc. ("RAMCO"), a leading producer of recycled aggregates in the Los Angeles metropolitan area, which is included in our Construction Products segment, for a total purchase price of million. The acquisition was funded with million of borrowings under our revolving credit facility. The acquisition was recorded as a business combination based on a preliminary valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair value using unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and liabilities ("Level 3" inputs). The preliminary valuation resulted in the recognition of, among others, million of permits with an initial weighted average useful life of years, million of property, plant, and equipment, and million of goodwill in our Construction Products segment. The remaining assets and liabilities were not significant in relation to assets and liabilities at the consolidated or segment level. We expect to complete our purchase price allocation as soon as reasonably possible, not to exceed one year from the acquisition date. Adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation could be material, particularly with respect to our preliminary estimates of intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 Southwest Rock Products, LLC 
 In August 2021, we completed the stock acquisition of Southwest Rock Products, LLC and affiliated entities (collectively Southwest Rock ), a natural aggregates company serving the greater Phoenix metropolitan area, which is included in our Construction Products segment, for a total purchase price of million. The acquisition was funded with cash on hand, million of borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and a million holdback payable to the seller upon the extension of a certain mineral reserve lease. The acquisition was recorded as a business combination based on a valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair value using Level 3 inputs. The final valuation resulted in the recognition of, among others, million of goodwill, million of mineral reserves, and million of property, plant, and equipment in our Construction Products segment. The remaining assets and liabilities were not significant in relation to assets and liabilities at the consolidated or segment level. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 million was funded with proceeds from a private offering of million of senior unsecured notes that closed on April 6, 2021. See Note 7 Debt for additional information. The acquisition was recorded as a business combination with valuations of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair value using Level 3 inputs. The following table represents our final purchase price allocation as of December 31, 2022: 
 Accounts receivable Inventories Property, plant, and equipment Mineral reserves Goodwill Customer relationships Other assets Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Deferred income taxes ) Other liabilities ) Total net assets acquired 
 The goodwill acquired, none of which is tax-deductible, primarily relates to StonePoint's market position and existing workforce. The customer relationships intangible asset was assigned a useful life of years. Revenues and operating profit (loss) included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations from the date of the acquisition were approximately million and ) million during the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Income before income taxes 
 In April 2021, we also completed the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of a Dallas-Fort Worth, Texas based recycled aggregates business in our Construction Products segment. The purchase price of the acquisition was not significant. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 million was funded with a combination of cash on-hand, advances under a new million five-year term loan, and future payments to the seller for a net cash paid of million during the year ended December 31, 2020. See Note 7 Debt for additional information on our credit facility. The acquisition was recorded as a business combination with valuations of the assets acquired and liabilities at their acquisition date fair value using level three inputs. 
 Inventories Property, plant, and equipment Mineral reserves Goodwill Customer relationships Permits Other assets Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Deferred income taxes ) Other liabilities ) Total net assets acquired 
 The goodwill acquired, none of which is tax deductible, primarily relates to Cherry's market position and existing workforce. The customer relationship intangibles and permits were assigned weighted average useful lives of years and years, respectively. Revenues and operating profit included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations from the date of the acquisition were approximately million and million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Income before income taxes 
 Other Acquisitions - 2020 
 In March 2020, we completed the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of a traffic structures business in our Engineered Structures segment for a total purchase price of million. The acquisition was recorded as a business combination based on a valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair value using level three inputs. The valuation resulted in the recognition of million of goodwill in our Engineered Structures segment. Such assets and liabilities were not significant in relation to assets and liabilities at the consolidated or segment level. 
 In June 2020, we completed the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of a concrete poles business in our Engineered Structures segment. The purchase price of the acquisition was not significant. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 million. The acquisition was recorded as a business combination based on a valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair value using level three inputs. The valuation resulted in the recognition of million of goodwill in our Engineered Structures segment. Such assets and liabilities were not significant in relation to assets and liabilities at the consolidated or segment level. 
 In August 2020, we completed the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of a natural aggregates business in our Construction Products segment for a total purchase price of million. The acquisition was recorded as a business combination based on a valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair value using level three inputs. The valuation resulted in the recognition of million of goodwill in our Construction Products segment. Such assets and liabilities were not significant in relation to assets and liabilities at the consolidated or segment level. 
 In October 2020, we completed the stock acquisition of Strata Materials, LLC Strata ), a leading provider of natural and recycled aggregates in the Dallas-Fort Worth, Texas area, which is included in our Construction Products segment for a total purchase price of million. The acquisition was recorded as a business combination based on a valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair value using level three inputs. The valuation resulted in the recognition of million of permits with an initial weighted average useful life of years and million of goodwill in our Construction Products segment. The remaining assets and liabilities were not significant in relation to assets and liabilities at the consolidated or segment level. 
 In October 2020, we also completed the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of a traffic structures business in our Engineered Structures segment. The purchase price of the acquisition was not significant. 
 Divestitures 
 On October 3, 2022, the Company completed the sale of its storage tanks business for million. Net cash proceeds received at closing were approximately million, after transaction closing costs. The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of million which is presented within operating income in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The storage tanks business, historically reported within the Engineered Structures segment, manufactured steel pressure tanks for the storage and transportation of propane, ammonia, and other gases serving the residential, commercial, energy, and agricultural markets with operations in the U.S. and Mexico. Revenues and operating profit of the storage tanks business were million and million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, million and million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million and million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020. As the sale of the storage tanks business is not considered a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company's operations or financial results, it is not reported as a discontinued operation. In October 2022, the Company used million of the cash proceeds from the sale to repay the outstanding loans borrowed under its revolving credit facility. See Note 7 Debt for additional information. 
 In November 2021, we completed the divestiture of certain assets and liabilities of an asphalt operation previously acquired as part of the StonePoint acquisition with a selling price of approximately million. The income statement impact of the disposal was not significant as the assets were recorded at fair value as of their acquisition date in April 2021. 
 There were businesses divested of during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3. 
 Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration (2) 
 Total liabilities Fair Value Measurement as of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in millions) Liabilities: Interest rate hedge (3) 
 Contingent consideration (2) 
 Total liabilities 
 
 (1) 
 (2) . 
 (3) 
 
 Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for that asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. An entity is required to establish a fair value hierarchy that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair values are listed below: 
 Level 1 This level is defined as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The Company s cash equivalents are instruments of the U.S. Treasury or highly rated money market mutual funds. 
 Level 2 This level is defined as observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Interest rate hedges are valued at exit prices obtained from each counterparty. See Note 7 Debt. 
 Level 3 This level is defined as unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Contingent consideration relates to estimated future payments owed to the sellers of businesses previously acquired. We estimate the fair value of the contingent consideration using a discounted cash flow model. The fair value is sensitive to changes in the forecast of sales and changes in discount rates and is reassessed quarterly based on assumptions used in our latest projections. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4. 
 principal business segments: 
 Construction Products. The Construction Products segment primarily produces and sells natural and recycled aggregates, specialty materials, and construction site support equipment, including trench shields and shoring products. 
 Engineered Structures. The Engineered Structures segment primarily manufactures and sells steel structures for infrastructure businesses, including utility structures for electricity transmission and distribution, structural wind towers, traffic structures, and telecommunication structures. These products share similar manufacturing competencies and steel sourcing requirements and can be manufactured across our North American footprint. The segment also manufactures storage and distribution tanks. On October 3, 2022, the Company completed the sale of its storage tanks business, and the gain of million is included in operating profit below. See Note 2 Acquisitions and Divestitures. 
 Transportation Products. The Transportation Products segment primarily manufactures and sells inland barges, fiberglass barge covers, winches, marine hardware, and steel components for railcars and other transportation and industrial equipment. 
 Construction site support Construction Products Utility, wind, and related structures Storage tanks Engineered Structures Inland barges Steel components Transportation Products Segment Totals before Eliminations and Corporate Corporate ) Consolidated Total 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Construction site support Construction Products Utility, wind, and related structures Storage tanks Engineered Structures Inland barges Steel components Transportation Products Segment Totals before Eliminations and Corporate Corporate ) Eliminations ) Consolidated Total 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Revenues Operating Profit (Loss) Assets Depreciation, Depletion, Amortization Capital Expenditures Aggregates and specialty materials Construction site support Construction Products Utility, wind, and related structures Storage tanks Engineered Structures Inland barges Steel components Transportation Products Segment Totals before Eliminations and Corporate Corporate ) Eliminations ) Consolidated Total 
 Corporate assets are composed of cash and cash equivalents, certain property, plant, and equipment, and other assets. Capital expenditures exclude amounts paid for business acquisitions, but include amounts paid for the acquisition of land and reserves in our Construction Products segment. 
 Revenues from one customer included in the Engineered Structures segment constituted , , and of consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Intercompany Operating profit (loss) ) 
 Total assets and long-lived assets for our Mexico operations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented below: 
 Total Assets Long-Lived Assets December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 (in millions) Mexico 

Note 5. 
 Mineral reserves Buildings and improvements Machinery and other Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and depletion ) ) 
 We did not capitalize any interest expense as part of the construction of facilities and equipment during 2022 or 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had non-operating facilities with a net book value of million and million, respectively, classified as property, plant, and equipment, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We estimate the fair market value of properties not currently in use based on the location and condition of the properties, the fair market value of similar properties in the area, and the Company's experience selling similar properties in the past. Our estimated fair value of these assets exceeds their book value. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 million classified as held for sale and included in other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. These assets related to a non-operating facility within our Engineered Structures segment that was subsequently sold in February 2022. We recognized an impairment loss on these assets of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 as the fair value less the cost to sell these assets was less than their carrying value. 

Note 6. 
 Engineered Structures Transportation Products 
 The increase in goodwill for Construction Products during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to the acquisition of RAMCO and the finalization of the purchase price allocations for StonePoint and Southwest Rock. See Note 2 Acquisitions and Divestitures. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Intangibles with definite lives: Customer relationships Permits Other Less accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 Total amortization expense from intangible assets was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7. 
 Term loan Senior notes Finance leases (see Note 8 Leases) 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt 
 On November 1, 2018, the Company entered into a million unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature in November 2023. On January 2, 2020, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to increase the revolving credit facility to million and added a term loan facility of million, in each case with a maturity date of January 2, 2025. The entire term loan was advanced on January 2, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the term loan had a remaining balance of million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding loans borrowed under the revolving credit facility, and there were approximately million of letters of credit issued, leaving million available. During 2022, the Company borrowed a net million, which was used to partially finance the acquisition of RAMCO. In the fourth quarter, the Company used million of the cash proceeds from the sale of the storage tanks business to repay all outstanding loans borrowed under its revolving credit facility. See Note 2 Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. Of the outstanding letters of credit as of December 31, 2022, million are expected to expire in 2023, with the remainder in 2024. The majority of our letters of credit obligations support the Company s various insurance programs and generally renew by their terms each year. 
 The interest rates under the revolving credit facility and term loan are variable based on LIBOR or an alternate base rate plus a margin. A commitment fee accrues on the average daily unused portion of the revolving facility. The margin for borrowing and commitment fee rate are determined based on Arcosa s leverage as measured by a consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The margin for borrowing ranges from to and was set at LIBOR plus as of December 31, 2022. The commitment fee rate ranges from to and was set at at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company's revolving credit and term loan facilities require the maintenance of certain ratios related to leverage and interest coverage. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all such financial covenants. Borrowings under the credit agreement are guaranteed by certain wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. 
 In order to increase liquidity in anticipation of the acquisition of StonePoint, the Company entered into an unsecured 364-Day Credit Agreement on March 26, 2021 providing for a revolving line of credit of million, with an outside maturity date of March 25, 2022. Pricing, covenants, and guarantees were substantially similar to the Company s existing revolving credit and term loan facilities. Per the terms of the facility, it terminated on April 6, 2021 upon the closing of the Company s private offering of million in senior notes. 
 The carrying value of borrowings under our revolving credit and term loan facilities approximate fair value because the interest rate adjusts to the market interest rate (Level 3 input). See Note 3 Fair Value Accounting. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the revolving credit facility, which are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Senior Notes 
 On April 6, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes (the Notes that mature in April 2029. Interest on the Notes is payable semiannually. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of the Company s domestic subsidiaries that is a guarantor under our revolving credit and term loan facilities. The terms of the indenture governing the Notes, among other things, limit the ability of the Company and each of its subsidiaries to create liens on assets, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, and consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of its assets and the assets of its subsidiaries. The terms of the indenture also limit the ability of the Company s non-guarantor subsidiaries to incur certain types of debt. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 million based on a quoted market price in a market with little activity (Level 2 input). 
 In connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company paid million of debt issuance costs. 
 Senior notes 
 Interest rate hedges 
 In December 2018, the Company entered into an interest rate swap instrument, effective as of January 2, 2019 and expiring in October 2023, to reduce the effect of changes in the variable interest rates associated with borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The instrument carried an initial notional amount of million, thereby hedging the first million of borrowings. The instrument effectively fixes the LIBOR component of borrowings at a monthly rate of . As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded an asset of million for the fair value of the instrument, all of which is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. See Note 3 Fair Value Accounting. 

Note 8. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted future minimum obligations Less imputed interest ) ) Present value of net minimum lease obligations 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Finance - Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating - Accrued liabilities 
 Finance - Current portion of long-term debt 
 Non-current Operating - Other liabilities 
 Finance - Debt 
 Total lease liabilities 
 Operating lease costs were million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in cost of revenues and selling, general, and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Costs related to variable lease rates or leases with terms less than twelve months were not significant. Amortization of finance lease assets was million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in cost of revenues and selling, general, and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest expense on finance lease liabilities was not significant during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Cash paid for finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases Finance leases 
 years years Weighted average remaining lease term - finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases Weighted average discount rate - finance leases 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Note 9.) ) Foreign currency exchange transactions Other ) ) ) Other, net (income) expense 

Note 10. 
 State Foreign ) Total current Deferred: Federal State ) ) Foreign ) Total deferred Provision 
 The provision for income taxes results in effective tax rates that differ from the statutory rates. 
 State taxes, including prior year true-ups ) Changes in valuation allowances and reserves ) Statutory depletion ) ) ) Prior year true-ups ) ) Foreign adjustments ) Currency adjustments ) ) ) Compensation related items Disallowed transaction costs Other, net ) Effective rate 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, on March 27, 2020 the U.S. Congress passed the CARES Act, which includes certain tax relief and benefits that may impact the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has repaid all payroll-related taxes deferred in accordance with the provisions of the CARES Act. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million, respectively, for U.S. operations, and million, million, and ) million, respectively, for foreign operations, principally Mexico and Canada. The Company provides deferred income taxes on the unrepatriated earnings of its foreign operations where it results in a deferred tax liability. 
 Deferred income taxes represent the tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
 Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets: Workers compensation and other benefits Warranties and reserves Equity items ) Tax loss carryforwards and credits Inventory Accrued liabilities and other Total deferred tax assets Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) before valuation allowances ) ) Valuation allowances Adjusted net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) ) 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had million of federal consolidated net operating loss carryforwards, primarily from businesses acquired, and million of tax-effected state loss carryforwards remaining. In addition, the Company had million of tax-effected foreign net operating loss carryforwards that will begin to expire in the year 2023. 
 We have established a valuation allowance for state and foreign tax operating losses and credits that we have estimated may not be realizable. 
 Income tax has not been recognized on the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis of investments in foreign subsidiaries that is indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. This amount becomes taxable upon a repatriation of assets from the subsidiary or a sale or liquidation of the subsidiary. The amount of such temporary differences totaled approximately million as of December 31, 2022. Determination of the amount of any unrecognized deferred income tax liability on this temporary difference is not practicable because of the complexities of the hypothetical calculation. 
 Taxing authority examinations 
 We have multiple federal tax return filings that are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). The 2019-2021 tax years are open for the Arcosa, Inc. federal return. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the IRS formally commenced an audit of the 2018 tax return for one of our subsidiaries and the audit was subsequently closed in 2022. We have various subsidiaries that file separate state tax returns and are subject to examination by taxing authorities at different times, generally open for their 2019 tax years and forward. We have various subsidiaries in Mexico that file separate tax returns and are subject to examination by taxing authorities at different times. The entities are generally open for their 2015 tax years and forward. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 The Company accounts for interest expense and penalties related to income tax issues as income tax expense. Accordingly, interest expense and penalties associated with an uncertain tax position are included in the income tax provision. There were accrued interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

Note 11. 
 Multiemployer plan 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 Established under Internal Revenue Code Section 401(k), the Arcosa, Inc. 401(k) Plan 401(k) Plan is a defined contribution plan available to all eligible employees. Participants in the 401(k) Plan are eligible to receive future retirement benefits through elected contributions and a company-funded match with the investment of the funds directed by the participants. 
 The Company also sponsors a fully funded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan. The invested assets and related liabilities of these participants were approximately million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, which are included in other assets and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Distributions from the Company s non-qualified deferred compensation plan to participants were approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Multiemployer Plan 
 The Company contributes to a multiemployer defined benefit pension plan under the terms of a collective-bargaining agreement that covers certain union-represented employees at one of the facilities of Meyer Utility Structures, a subsidiary of Arcosa. The risks of participating in a multiemployer plan are different from a single-employer plan in the following aspects: 
 Assets contributed to a multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. 
 If a participating employer stops contributing to a multiemployer plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 
 If the Company chooses to stop participating in the multiemployer plan, the Company may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 06/30/2025 
 Employer contributions to the multiemployer plan for the year ending December 31, 2023 are expected to be million. 
 ACG Pension Plan 
 In connection with the acquisition of ACG in December 2018, the Company assumed the assets and liabilities related to a defined benefit pension plan. As of December 31, 2022, the plan assets totaled million and the projected benefit obligation totaled million, for a net over funded status of million, which is included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The net pension expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was not significant. Employer contributions for the ACG pension plan for the year ending December 31, 2023 are not expected to be significant. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12.) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax expense (benefit) of , ), and 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax expense (benefit) of , ), and 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax expense (benefit) of , ), and 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 

Note 13. 
 million shares, which includes the shares granted under the Trinity equity incentive plans that were converted and assumed by Arcosa as a result of the Separation. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had million shares available for grant. Any equity awards that have been granted under the Plan that are subsequently forfeited, canceled, or tendered to satisfy tax withholding obligations are added back to the shares available for grant. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Equity Awards 
 Equity awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022 consist of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance units and generally vest for periods ranging from to years from the date of grant. Certain equity awards vest in their entirety or on a pro-rata basis upon the employee's retirement from the Company and may take into consideration the employee's age and years of service to the Company, as defined more specifically in the Company's award agreements. Equity awards granted to non-employee directors under the Plan generally vest one year from the grant date and are released at that time, in the case of restricted stock, or upon completion of the directors' service to the Company, in the case of restricted stock units. Expense related to equity awards issued to eligible employees and directors under the Plan is recognized ratably over the vesting period or to the date on which retirement eligibility is achieved, if shorter. Performance units vest and settle in shares of our common stock following the end of a three-year performance period contingent upon the achievement of specific performance goals during the performance period and certification by the Human Resources Committee of the Board of the achievement of the performance goals. Performance units are granted to employees based upon a target level of performance; however, depending upon the achievement of the performance goals during the performance period, performance units may be issued at an amount between and of the target level. Expense related to performance units is recognized ratably over the vesting period. Forfeitures are recognized as reduction to expense in the period in which they occur. 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Equity awards outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 At December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense related to equity awards totaled million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The total vesting-date fair value of shares vested and released was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Note 14. 
 million shares, million shares, and million shares, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Unvested restricted share participation ) Net income per common share basic Effect of dilutive securities: Nonparticipating unvested restricted shares Net income per common share diluted 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in millions, except per share amounts) Income (Loss) Average Shares EPS Net income Unvested restricted share participation ) Net income per common share basic Effect of dilutive securities: Nonparticipating unvested restricted shares Net income per common share diluted 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 (in millions, except per share amounts) Income (Loss) Average Shares EPS Net income Unvested restricted share participation ) Net income per common share basic Effect of dilutive securities: Nonparticipating unvested restricted shares Net income per common share diluted 

Note 15. 
 million to million. 
 The Company evaluates its exposure to such claims and suits periodically and establishes accruals for these contingencies when probable losses can be reasonably estimated. At December 31, 2022, total accruals of million are included in accrued liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company believes any additional liability from such claims and suits would not be material to its financial position or results of operations. 
 Arcosa is subject to remedial orders and federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to the environment. The Company has accrued million as of December 31, 2022, included in our total accruals of million discussed above, to cover our probable and estimable liabilities with respect to the investigations, assessments, and remedial responses to such matters, taking into account currently available information and our contractual rights to indemnification and recourse to third parties. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 million as of December 31, 2022, of which million is for the purchase of raw materials and components, primarily by the Engineered Structures and Transportation Products segments. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that it is able to collect and record the information it is required to disclose in the reports it files with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and to process, summarize, and disclose this information within the time periods specified in the rules of the SEC. The Company's Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers are responsible for establishing and maintaining these procedures and, as required by the rules of the SEC, evaluating their effectiveness. Based on their evaluation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures that took place as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers believe that these procedures are effective to 1) ensure that the Company is able to collect, process, and disclose the information it is required to disclose in the reports it files with the SEC within the required time periods and 2) accumulate and communicate this information to the Company's management, including its Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers, to allow timely decisions regarding this disclosure. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance, as opposed to absolute assurance, of achieving their internal control objectives. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 2013 Framework) COSO in Internal Control - Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 As permitted by the SEC Staff interpretive guidance for recently acquired businesses, management's assessment and conclusion on the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 excludes an assessment of the internal control over financial reporting of the RAMCO business acquired in May 2022. RAMCO represents approximately 3 of consolidated total assets and approximately 1 of consolidated revenues as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm who also audited our Consolidated Financial Statements. Ernst Young LLP's attestation report on effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting follows. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, there have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Arcosa, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Arcosa, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Arcosa, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of the Recycled Aggregate Materials Company, Inc. (RAMCO) business acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022. RAMCO constituted approximately 3 of total assets and 1 of total revenues as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of such business acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ ERNST YOUNG LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information regarding the directors of the Company is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Proposal 1 - Election of Nominated Directors in the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). Information relating to the executive officers of the Company is set forth in Part I of this report under the caption Information About Our Executive Officers. Information relating to the Board of Directors' determinations concerning whether at least one of the members of the Audit Committee is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 407 (d)(5) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Corporate Governance - Board Meetings and Committees - Audit Committee in the Company's 2023 Proxy Statement. Information regarding the Company's Audit Committee is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Corporate Governance - Board Meetings and Committees - Audit Committee in the Company's 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of its directors, officers, and employees. The Code of Conduct is on the Company's website at www.arcosa.com under Additional Governance Documents within the Corporate Governance tab of our website. The Company intends to post any amendments or waivers for its Code of Conduct to the Company's website at www.arcosa.com to the extent applicable to an executive officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or director of the Company. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Information regarding compensation of executive officers and directors is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Executive Compensation in the Company's 2023 Proxy Statement. Information concerning compensation committee interlocks and insider participation is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Corporate Governance - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Company's 2023 Proxy Statement. Information about the compensation committee report is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Executive Compensation - Human Resources Committee Report in the Company's 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated herein by reference from the Company's 2023 Proxy Statement, under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 The following table sets forth information about Arcosa common stock that may be issued under Arcosa's equity compensation plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information (a) (b) (c) Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Plan Category: Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: Restricted stock units and performance units 885,228 (1) 1,712,513 (2) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 885,228 1,712,513 
 
 (1) Represents shares underlying awards that have been granted under the 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan (including Arcosa equity awards issued in respect of outstanding Trinity equity awards in connection with the Separation). Amounts are comprised of (a) 362,279 shares of common stock issuable upon the vesting and conversion of restricted stock units and (b) 522,949 shares of common stock issuable upon the vesting and conversion of performance units, assuming payout at target performance. The restricted stock units and performance units do not have an exercise price. The performance units are granted to employees based upon a target level; however, depending upon the achievement of certain specified goals during the performance period, performance units may be issued at an amount between 0 and 200 of the target level. 
 (2) For purposes of calculating the number of shares remaining available for issuance under the Incentive Plan, this calculation reserves for issuance the potential maximum payout (200 of target) of the outstanding performance units. Upon certification of actual performance, reserved shares that are not issued will again be available for issuance under the Incentive Plan. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related person transactions is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Transactions with Related Persons in the Company's 2023 Proxy Statement. Information regarding the independence of directors is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Corporate Governance - Independence of Directors in the Company's 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Fees of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Years 2022 and 2021 in the Company's 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements. 
 See Item 8. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule. 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not required, not significant, not applicable, or the information is shown in the financial statements or the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 (3) Exhibits. 
 NO. DESCRIPTION 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2018, by and between Trinity Industries, Inc. and Arcosa, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 1, 2018, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 2.2 Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 12, 2019 by and among Arcosa MS2, LLC and Cherry Industries, Inc. and certain affiliated real estate holding companies, the sellers set forth therein, Leonard L. Cherry in his capacity as Sellers Representative and Arcosa Materials, Inc. solely as buyer guarantor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 2.3 Unit Purchase Agreement Dated March 22, 2021 by and among StonePoint Ultimate Holding, LLC, Arcosa Materials, Inc., the persons identified as sellers on the signature pages thereto, and the representative named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 2.4 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated August 4, 2021 by and among Arcosa MS5, LLC, as Buyer and Southwest Rock Products, LLC, Midwest Land Trust, LLC, White Mountain Properties, LLC collectively as the Companies, and the Members of the Companies set forth therein, collectively as the Sellers, and Christopher Reinesch, as the Sellers' Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Arcosa, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed on October 31, 2018, File No. 333-228098 ). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Arcosa, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 12, 2022, File No. 001-38494). 
 4.1 Description of Arcosa, Inc. s Capital Stock filed herewith ). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated April 6, 2021, among Arcosa, Inc., the guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 9, 2021, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 30, 2021 among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries named therein, Arcosa, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 4.4 Form of 4.375 Senior Note due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.1 and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2021, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 17, 2022 among the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries named therein, Arcosa, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, File No. 001-38494). 
 10.1 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2018, by and between Trinity Industries, Inc. and Arcosa, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 1, 2018, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.2 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2018, by and between Trinity Industries, Inc. and Arcosa, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 1, 2018, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.3 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2018, by and between Trinity Industries, Inc. and Arcosa, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 1, 2018, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 10.4 Intellectual Property Matters Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2018, by and between Trinity Industries, Inc. and Arcosa, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 1, 2018, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.5 Arcosa, Inc. 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed on October 31, 2018, File No. 333-228098 ). 
 10.6 Arcosa, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 1, 2018, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.7 Arcosa, Inc. 2018 Deferred Plan for Director Fees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 1, 2018, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.8 Arcosa, Inc. Supplemental Profit Sharing Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 1, 2018, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.9 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.10 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.11 Form of Former Parent Restricted Stock Grant Agreement for grants issued prior to 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.1 to Trinity Industries, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-06903 ). 
 10.12 Form of Former Parent Restricted Stock Grant Agreement for grants issued commencing 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.1.1 to Trinity Industries, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-06903 ). 
 10.13 Form of Former Parent Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors for grants issued prior to 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.2 to Trinity Industries, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-06903 ). 
 10.14 Form of Former Parent Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors for grants issued commencing 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.2.1 to Trinity Industries, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-06903 ). 
 10.15 Form of Former Parent Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for grants issued commencing 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Trinity Industries, Inc. Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2017, File No. 001-06903 ). 
 10.16 Form of Former Parent Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement for grants issued commencing 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Trinity Industries, Inc. Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2017, File No. 001-06903 ). 
 10.17 Form of Former Parent Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for grants issued commencing 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Trinity Industries, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter period ended June 30, 2017, File No. 001-06903 ). 
 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for grants commencing 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2019, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.19 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for grants commencing 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2019, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.20 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement for grants commencing 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2019, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.21 Amendment Number One to the Arcosa, Inc. 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.22 Amendment Number One to the Arcosa, Inc. Supplemental Profit Sharing Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.23 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for grants commencing 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2022, File No. 001-38494). 
 10.24 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for grants commencing 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2022, File No. 001-38494). 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 10.25.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of January 2, 2020 by and among Arcosa, Inc., as borrower, the lenders thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Truist Bank, as co-documentation agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 6, 2020, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.25.2 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of May 27, 2020 by Arcosa Cherry, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.25.3 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of May 27, 2020 by Cherry Industries, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.25.4 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of May 27, 2020 by Cherry Crushed Concrete, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.25.5 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of December 24, 2020 by Arcosa Materials Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24.5 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.25.6 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of August 31, 2021 by Arcosa StonePoint, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.25.7 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of August 31, 2021 by StonePoint Holding, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.25.8 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of August 31, 2021 by StonePoint Intermediate Holding, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.25.9 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of August 31, 2021 by StonePoint Materials LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.25.10 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of August 31, 2021 by StonePoint Ultimate Holding, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.25.11 Amendment Number One to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 26, 2021 by and among Arcosa, Inc. as borrower, the lenders thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, File No. 001-38494 ). 
 10.25.12 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of April 8, 2022 by Arcosa Aggregates Texas, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, File No. 001-38494). 
 10.25.13 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of April 26, 2022 by Arcosa Aggregates Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, File No. 001-38494). 
 10.25.14 Amendment Number Two to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 29, 2022 by and among Arcosa, Inc., as borrower, the lenders thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, File No. 001-38494). 
 10.25.15 Supplement to Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of December 27, 2022 by Southern Aggregates, LLC (filed herewith). 
 10.26 Arcosa, Inc. 2022 Change in Control Severance Plan, dated March 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2022, File No. 001-38494). 
 10.27 Equity Purchase Agreement by and between Arcosa, Inc. and Triarc Tanks Bidco, LLC, dated April 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, File No. 001-38494). 
 10.28 Amendment No. 1 to Equity Purchase Agreement by and between Arcosa, Inc. and Triarc Tanks Bidco, LLC, dated May 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, File No. 001-38494). 
 21 Listing of subsidiaries of Arcosa, Inc. (filed herewith ). 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP (filed herewith ). 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 23.2 Consent of John T. Boyd Company (filed herewith ). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith ). 
 31.2 Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer (filed herewith ). 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith ). 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith ). 
 95 Mine Safety Disclosure Exhibit (filed herewith ). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (filed electronically herewith). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed electronically herewith). 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith). 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith). 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith). 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed electronically herewith). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Management contracts and compensatory plan arrangements 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 94 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ARCOSA, INC. By /s/ Gail M. Peck Registrant Gail M. Peck Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Antonio Carrillo President and Chief Executive Officer and Director February 24, 2023 Antonio Carrillo (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Gail M. Peck Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 Gail M. Peck (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Mary E. Henderson Chief Accounting Officer February 24, 2023 Mary E. Henderson (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Rhys J. Best Non-Executive Chairman February 24, 2023 Rhys J. Best /s/ Joseph Alvarado Director February 24, 2023 Joseph Alvarado /s/ Jeffrey A. Craig Director February 24, 2023 Jeffrey A. Craig /s/ Steven J. Demetriou Director February 24, 2023 Steven J. Demetriou /s/ Ronald J. Gafford Director February 24, 2023 Ronald J. Gafford /s/ John W. Lindsay Director February 24, 2023 John W. Lindsay /s/ Kimberly S. Lubel Director February 24, 2023 Kimberly S. Lubel /s/ Julie A. Piggott Director February 24, 2023 Julie A. Piggott /s/ Melanie M. Trent Director February 24, 2023 Melanie M. Trent 
 95 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exh41descriptionofcapitals.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 For a more detailed description of capital stock, you should refer to the provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Form 10-K, as well as the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Arcosa, Inc. has registered its common stock, par value 0.01 per share, under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In this discussion, the terms Arcosa, we, us and our refer only to Arcosa, Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of (i) 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share and (ii) 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Each holder of Arcosa common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted upon by the common stockholders. The holders of Arcosa common stock are not entitled to cumulative voting of their shares. Subject to any preferential rights of any outstanding preferred stock, holders of Arcosa common stock are entitled to receive ratably the dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by Arcosa s board of directors (the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. If there is a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of Arcosa, holders of its common stock would be entitled to ratable distribution of its assets remaining after the payment in full of liabilities and any preferential rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 Holders of Arcosa common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, preferences, and privileges of the holders of Arcosa common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that Arcosa may designate and issue in the future. 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Under the terms of our restated certificate of incorporation, the Board of Directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series without further action by the holders of our common stock. The Board of Directors has the discretion, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law and by our restated certificate of incorporation, to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, terms of redemption, and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. 
 
 Our Board of Directors could authorize Arcosa to issue a class or series of preferred stock that could, depending upon the terms of the particular class or series, delay, defer, or prevent a transaction or a change of control of our Company, even if such transaction or change of control involves a premium price for our stockholders or our stockholders believe that such transaction or change of control may be in their best interests. The Board of Directors may be able to issue preferred stock with voting rights or conversion rights that, if exercised, could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of common stock. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Various Provisions of Delaware Law and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Provisions of the DGCL, our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire Arcosa by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and takeover bids that our Board of Directors may consider inadequate and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with our Board of Directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure it outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. Such provisions, among other things, include 
 Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover statute prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination or the acquisition of shares that resulted in a stockholder becoming an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner (generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own) 15 percent or more of a corporation s voting stock) 
 amendment of the bylaws by the Board of Directors or by the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the outstanding capital stock entitled to vote thereon 
 the number of directors on the Board of Directors may not be less than five nor more than eleven, with the exact number of directors to be fixed exclusively by the Board of Directors and any 

vacancies created in the Board of Directors resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors will be filled by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office 
 stockholders may not call special stockholder meetings and only the Board of Directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors or the President may call special meetings of Arcosa stockholders 
 action must take place at the annual or a special meeting of Arcosa stockholders and stockholders have no right to act by written consent 
 advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and nomination of candidates for election as directors (other than nominations made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors) 
 ability to issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock without stockholder approval, subject to applicable rules of the NYSE, or a comparable public market, and Delaware law, for a variety of corporate purposes and 
 no cumulative voting. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the shares of common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11219. 
 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol ACA . 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.25 15>
 3
 exh102515southernaggregate.htm
 EX-10.25 15

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.25.15 

SUPPLEMENT TO SUBSIDIARY GUARANTY 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Subsidiary Guaranty (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guaranty made as of January 2, 2020, by each of the Material Domestic Subsidiaries of Arcosa, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower listed on the signature pages thereto (each, an Initial Guarantor and together with any additional Subsidiaries of the Borrower, which become parties thereto and together with the undersigned, the Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations, under the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Guaranty. By its execution below, the undersigned Southern Aggregates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the New Guarantor ), agrees to become, and does hereby become, a Guarantor under the Guaranty and agrees to be bound by such Guaranty as if originally a party thereto. By its execution below, the undersigned represents and warrants as to itself that all of the representations and warranties contained in Section 2 of the Guaranty are true and correct in all respects as of the date hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, New Guarantor has executed and delivered this Annex I counterpart to the Guaranty as of this 27 th day of December, 2022. 
 SOUTHERN AGGREGATES, LLC 
 
 By s Gail M. Peck 
 Gail M. Peck 
 Vice President 

</EX-10.25 15>

<EX-21>
 4
 exh21listofsubsidiaries123.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 Arcosa, Inc. 
 Active Subsidiaries as of February 24, 2023 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation 4601 Holmes Road Corporation Texas Administradora Especializada, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Arcosa Aggregates Holdings, LLC. Delaware Arcosa Aggregates Gulf Coast, LLC Delaware Arcosa Aggregates Ohio River Valley, LLC Delaware Arcosa Aggregates Texas, LLC Delaware Arcosa Aggregates West, LLC Delaware Arcosa Canada Distribution, Inc. Alberta Arcosa Canada ULC Alberta Arcosa Cherry, LLC Delaware Arcosa Crushed Concrete, LLC Delaware Arcosa Cryogenics, LLC Delaware Arcosa EPI, LLC Delaware Arcosa Industries de M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Arcosa International Holdings AG Switzerland Arcosa LWB, LLC Delaware Arcosa LW BR, LLC Delaware Arcosa LWFP, LLC Delaware Arcosa LW HPB, LLC Delaware Arcosa LW KY, LLC Delaware Arcosa LW, LLC Delaware Arcosa LWS, LLC Delaware Arcosa Marine Components, LLC Delaware Arcosa Marine Leasing, Inc. Delaware Arcosa Marine Products, Inc. Delaware Arcosa Materials Holdings, Inc. Delaware Arcosa Materials, Inc. Delaware Arcosa Mining and Construction Equipment, Inc. Delaware Arcosa Shoring Products, Inc. Delaware Arcosa Telecom Structures, LLC Delaware Arcosa Traffic and Lighting Structures, LLC Delaware Arcosa Wind Towers, Inc. Delaware Art Wilson Co. Delaware CEMC Services, LLC Delaware Cherry Administration Services, Inc. Texas Cherry Companies Management, Inc. Texas Cherry Concrete Removal, Ltd. Texas Cherry Crawford Holdings, Ltd. Texas Cherry Crushed Concrete, Inc. Texas Cherry Demolition, Inc. Texas Cherry Industries, Inc. Texas Cherry Land Holdings, L.L.C. Texas Cherry Moving Company, Inc. Texas Cherry Recycling, Inc. Texas CreekWood Resources, LLC Delaware 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Diamond Gypsum, LLC Delaware The Gravel Company, LLC Texas Harrison Gypsum, LLC Delaware HG Eagle, LLC Delaware Imperial Limestone Company Limited British Columbia Inland Marine Equipment LLC Delaware Jack Acquisitions, Inc. Delaware J.A. Jack & Sons, Inc. Delaware Lake Lynn Transportation LLC Delaware Laurel Aggregates of Delaware, LLC Delaware Laurel Aggregates of PA, LLC Delaware Laurel Aggregates Terminal Services of Delaware, LLC Delaware McAsphalt, LLC Delaware McConway & Torley, LLC Delaware McIntosh Construction Company, LLC Delaware Meyer Utility Structures, LLC Delaware Midwest Land Trust, LLC Delaware North Florida Rock, LLC Delaware OFE, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Opelika Stone Company, LLC Delaware POB Exploration, LLC Delaware RB Parkway, LLC Delaware RB Paving and Construction, LLC Delaware Recycled Aggregate Materials Company, Inc. California River Aggregates, LLC Delaware Selinsky Road Holdings, Ltd. Texas Servicios Corporativos Tatsa, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Southwest Equipment Holdings, LLC Arizona Southwest Rock Products, L.L.C. Delaware Standard Forged Products, LLC Delaware StonePoint Holding, LLC Delaware StonePoint Intermediate Holding, LLC Delaware StonePoint Materials LLC Delaware StonePoint Ultimate Holding, LLC Delaware Strata Materials, LLC Delaware Utica Resources LLC Delaware Washita Valley Logistics, LLC Delaware Western Oklahoma Development Group, LLC Delaware Western States Gypsum, Inc. Delaware White Mountain Investment II, LLC Arizona White Mountain Properties, LLC Delaware White Mountain Rock Products, LLC Arizona Winn Marine, LLC Delaware Winn Materials, LLC Delaware Winn Materials of Kentucky LLC Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exh231eyconsent12312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-228098) pertaining to the 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan of Arcosa, Inc., and in the Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-251101) of Arcosa, Inc. and in the related Prospectus, of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Arcosa, Inc. and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Arcosa, Inc. and subsidiaries, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s ERNST & YOUNG LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 exh232boydconsent12312022.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.2 
 
 CONSENT OF THIRD-PARTY QUALIFIED PERSON 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference by Arcosa, Inc. (the Company in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-228098) pertaining to the 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan of Arcosa, Inc., and in the Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-251101) of the Company and in the related Prospectus, of information contained in our report dated February 24, 2023, addressed to the Company, relating to certain mineral reserves and mineral resources information for the Company s natural aggregate and specialty materials properties including setting forth the estimates of the Company s mineral reserves and mineral resources included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We also consent to the reference to John T. Boyd Company in those filings and any amendments thereto. 
 
 JOHN T.BOYD COMPANY By s John T. Boyd II John T. Boyd II President and CEO 

February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exh31112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Antonio Carrillo, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Arcosa, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 s Antonio Carrillo 
 Antonio Carrillo 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exh31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Gail M. Peck, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Arcosa, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 s Gail M. Peck 
 Gail M. Peck 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 exh32112312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Arcosa, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Antonio Carrillo, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company, as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 
 
 s Antonio Carrillo 
 Antonio Carrillo 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 February 24, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 exh32212312022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Arcosa, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gail M. Peck, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company, as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 
 
 s Gail M. Peck 
 Gail M. Peck 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 February 24, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 11
 exh95mininginformation1231.htm
 EX-95

Document 

Exhibit 95 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 The Company owned or operated mines during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Financial Reform Act Dodd-Frank requires us to disclose in our periodic reports filed with the SEC, specific information about each of our mines comprised of notices, violations, and orders 1 made by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration pursuant to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977. 
 The following table is a summary of the reportable information required for our mines that operated during the year ended December 31, 2022 Mine or Operating Name MSHA Identification Number Section 104 S&S Citations (#) Section 104(b) Orders (#) Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) Section 107(a) Orders (#) Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed ) Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities (#) Received Notice of Pattern of Violation Under Section 104(e) (yes no) Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern under Section 104(e) (yes no) Legal Actions Pending as of Last Day of Period (#) Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#) Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#) Asa (4104399) 435 No No Cottonwood (4104553) 1 813 No No Kimball Bend (4105462) No No Academy (4105537) 133 No No Paradise (4103253) 421 No No Indian Village (1600348) 133 No No Rye (4102547) 266 No No Pearl River (1601334) No No Eaves Loop (1601589) 3 1,305 No No Moody (4105304) 133 No No Cameron 1336 (1) (4104482) 266 No No Bouse Junction (3401828) 1 1,106 No No Diamond 1885 (3401660) No No Shamrock (4104758) 133 No No Adams Claim (2600668) 1 651 No No Cyril HG #2 (3401364) 133 No No 
 1 Significant and Substantial (S&S) citations are reported on this form. Non-S&S citations are not reported on this form but any assessments resulting from non-S&S citations are reported. 

Mine or Operating Name MSHA Identification Number Section 104 S&S Citations (#) Section 104(b) Orders (#) Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) Section 107(a) Orders (#) Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed ) Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities (#) Received Notice of Pattern of Violation Under Section 104(e) (yes no) Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern under Section 104(e) (yes no) Legal Actions Pending as of Last Day of Period (#) Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#) Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#) Cyril 1883 HG #5 (3401964) 532 No No Ludwig (2602775) No No Ft Stockton (4104943) No No Orla (4104958) 1 5,995 No No Stanton (4105067) 133 No No Midkiff (4104913) No No McCamey Pit (4105507) No No Seven Points (4104495) No No Seattle 1890 (4503239) 399 No No Marianna Quarry (0801267) 3 No No Wills Point Lester (4104071) No No Boulder (0504415) 13 80,785 No No Brooklyn (1200254) 12 1 22,396 5 No No 3 6,7,8 
 1 6 
 Brooks (1500187) 3 No No Erwinville (1600033) No No Frazier Park (0400555) 2 903 No No Livingston (0100034) No No Streetman (4101628) No No Ferris Malloy Bridge (4102946) No No Smithville (4105621) No No Kitsap (4503363) 3 No No Laurel Aggregates (3608891) 4 2,563 2 1 No No 
 
 1 Significant and Substantial (S&S) citations are reported on this form. Non-S&S citations are not reported on this form but any assessments resulting from non-S&S citations are reported. 2 Proposed penalty amounts are pending regarding S&S and non-S&S citation(s) issued during the reporting period. 3 Proposed penalty amounts are pending regarding non-S&S citation(s) issued during the reporting period. 5 Proposed penalty amounts are pending regarding 107(a) order(s) issued during the reporting period. 6 Contests of proposed penalties referenced in Subpart C of 29 CFR Part 2700. 7 Complaint of discharge, discrimination, or interference referenced in Subpart E of 29 CFR part 2700. 8 Contests of citations and orders referenced in Subpart B of 29 CFR Part 2700. 

Mine or Operating Name MSHA Identification Number Section 104 S&S Citations (#) Section 104(b) Orders (#) Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) Section 107(a) Orders (#) Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed ) Total Number of Mining Related Fatalities (#) Received Notice of Pattern of Violation Under Section 104(e) (yes no) Received Notice of Potential to Have Pattern under Section 104(e) (yes no) Legal Actions Pending as of Last Day of Period (#) Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#) Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#) Winn - Clarksville (4003094) No No Winn - GRQ (1519561) No No Easterly Plant 10 (1601571) 3 No No Amite Plant 14 (1601578) No No Duvall Plant 19 (1601602) 133 No No Deridder Plant 20 (1601580) 532 No No JJJ Plant 24 (1601590) 266 No No Hattiesburg Plant 28 (2200823) 1 996 No No Goss Plant 29 (2200812) 266 No No Pearl River Plant 30 (1601506) No No River Agg Hwy 242 Plant (4105046) 133 No No River Agg Rye Plant 33 (4105364) 1 348 No No Northern Pit (0203296) No No Old Coolidge (0203192) No No New Coolidge (0203338) 8 3,105 No No Eagle Mountain Quarry (0203146) 133 No No Queen Creek Plant 1 (0202821) 1 1,289 3 No No Queen Creek Plant 2 (0203402) 1 1,009 No No Queen Creek Plant 3 (0202663) 1 1,060 No No Higley Pit (0203395) No No Peoria Pit (0203359) No No 
 
 1 Significant and Substantial (S&S) citations are reported on this form. Non-S&S citations are not reported on this form but any assessments resulting from non-S&S citations are reported. 3 Proposed penalty amounts are pending regarding non-S&S citation(s) issued during the reporting period. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 aca-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 aca-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 aca-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 aca-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 aca-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

