<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1793497_0001213900-23-023646.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3503556</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>174255</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>677197</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>811439</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>927682</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>816322</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-023646.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328153748
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-023646
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VS Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001793497
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				846704517
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41280
		FILM NUMBER:		23769229

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 SOUTH BEDFORD ROAD, SUITE 340
		CITY:			MOUNT KISCO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10549
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2039986005

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 SOUTH BEDFORD ROAD, SUITE 340
		CITY:			MOUNT KISCO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10549

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-023646.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_vstrust.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended , . 

or 

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from ________ to ________. 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

c/o Volatility Shares LLC 
 , 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such 
files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statement of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.). Yes 
No 

As of February 28, 2023, the registrant had shares
of common stock, 0 par value per share, outstanding. 

The aggregate market value of each Fund s units held by non-affiliates
as of June 30, 2022 and the number of outstanding units for each Fund as of February 28, 2023, are included in the table below. 

Fund Aggregate Market Value of the Fund's Units Held by Non-Affiliates as of June 30, 2022 Number of Outstanding Units as of February 28, 2023 -1x Short VIX Futures ETF 2,890,000 2x Long VIX Futures ETF 4,680,000 Total 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

None. 

THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES CONTAINED IN
PART IV OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K CONSTITUTE THE ANNUAL REPORT WITH RESPECT TO THE COMMODITY POOLS FOR PURPOSES OF
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION RULE 4.22(C) 

VS Trust 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Part I. 

1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 16 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 16 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 16 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 16 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 16 

Part II. 

17 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 17 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 17 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 17 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 24 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 25 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 25 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 26 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure
Regarding Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 26 

Part III. 

26 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 26 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 30 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 30 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 30 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 30 

Part IV. 

31 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 31 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 31 

i 

Part I. 

Item 1. Business. 

Summary 

VS Trust
(the Trust is a Delaware statutory trust formed on October 24, 2019 and is currently organized into separate series (each,
a Fund and collectively, the Funds ). As of September 30, 2022, the following two series of the Trust have
commenced investment operations: -1x Short VIX Futures ETF SVIX and 2x Long VIX Futures ETF UVIX ). Each
of the Funds listed above issues common units of beneficial interest Shares ), which represent units of fractional undivided
beneficial interest in and ownership of only that Fund. The Shares of each Fund are listed on the Cboe BZX Exchange Cboe BZX ). 

The Funds 
inception of operation was March 28, 2022. Neither the Trust nor the Funds had any operations prior to March 28, 2022, other than matters
relating to its date of organization and the registration of each series under the Securities Act of 1933. 

Each Fund s
investment exposure to VIX futures contracts will cause each to be deemed a commodity pool, thereby subjecting each Fund to regulation
under the Commodity Exchange Act of 1934 CEA and Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC rules. The Sponsor is registered as a Commodity Pool Operator CPO and the Fund will be operated in accordance with applicable
CFTC rules. Registration as a CPO imposes additional compliance obligations on the Sponsor and the Funds related to additional laws, regulations
and enforcement policies, which could increase compliance costs and may affect the operations and financial performance of the Funds. 

Volatility
Shares LLC (the Sponsor is the sponsor of the Trust and the Funds. The Sponsor also will serve as the Trust s commodity
pool operator. The Funds are commodity pools, as defined under the Commodity Exchange Act (the CEA ), and the applicable
regulations of the CFTC and are operated by the Sponsor, which is registered as a commodity pool operator with the CFTC. The Trust
is not an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Penserra Capital (the Commodity Sub-Adviser serves as the Funds sub-adviser (the Commodity Sub-Adviser and provides sub-advisory services to each Fund pursuant
to a commodity sub-advisory agreement (the Commodity Sub-Advisory Agreement ). Prior to November 1, 2022, Milliman FRM served
as the Funds commodity sub-adviser. 

SVIX seeks daily investment results, before fees
and expenses, that correspond to the performance of the Short VIX Futures Index (the Short Index for a single day, not
for any other period. UVIX seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to twice the performance of the Long
VIX Futures Index (the Long Index ). A single day is measured from the time a Fund calculates its net asset
value NAV to the time of the Fund s next NAV calculation. The NAV calculation time for a Fund typically is 4:00
p.m. (Eastern Time). The Short Index measures the daily inverse (i.e., opposite) performance of a portfolio of first- and second-month
futures contracts on the CBOE Volatility Index, commonly known as the VIX. The Long Index measures the performance of a
portfolio of first- and second-month futures contracts on the VIX. Because the Funds portfolios are rebalanced daily to meet their
leveraged (or inverse) investment objective, the Funds may not be suitable for investors who plan to hold them for periods longer than
one day, particularly in volatile markets. 

The Funds seek to achieve their investment objective
through the appropriate amount of exposure to the VIX futures contracts included in their respective index. The Funds also have the ability
to engage in options transactions, swaps, forward contracts and other instruments in order to achieve their investment objective, in the
manner and to the extent described herein. 

SVIX is not benchmarked to the inverse of, and
UVIX is not benchmarked to twice, the widely referenced VIX. The Short Index and the inverse of the VIX are separate measurements and
can be expected to perform very differently. The Long Index and twice the VIX also are separate measurements and can be expected to perform
very differently. As such, SVIX can be expected to perform very differently from the inverse (-1x) of the performance of the VIX over
any period, and UVIX can be expected to perform very differently from twice (2x) of the performance of the VIX over any period. The Funds
continuously offer and redeem Shares in blocks of at least 10,000 Shares (each such block, a Creation Unit at current per
Share market prices. Only Authorized Participants (as defined herein) may purchase and redeem Shares from a Fund and then only in Creation
Units. An Authorized Participant is an entity that has entered into an Authorized Participant Agreement with the Trust and Volatility
Shares LLC (the Sponsor ). Shares are offered on a continuous basis to Authorized Participants in Creation Units at NAV.
Authorized Participants may then offer to the public, from time to time, Shares from any Creation Unit they create at a per-Share market
price. The form of Authorized Participant Agreement and the related Authorized Participant Procedures Handbook set forth the terms and
conditions under which an Authorized Participant may purchase or redeem a Creation Unit. Authorized Participants will not receive from
a Fund, the Sponsor, or any of their affiliates, any fee or other compensation in connection with their sale of Shares to the public.
An Authorized Participant may receive commissions or fees from investors who purchase Shares through their commission or fee-based brokerage
accounts. 

1 

The Sponsor maintains a website at www.volatilityshares.com,
through which monthly account statements and the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), can be accessed free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after
such material is electronically file with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Additional
information regarding the Trust may also be found on the SEC s EDGAR database at www.sec.gov. 

Investment Objectives and Principal Investment Strategies 

Investment Objectives 

SVIX 

SVIX seeks daily investment results, before fees
and expenses, that correspond to the performance of the Short Index for a single day. The Fund does not seek to achieve its stated
objective over a period greater than a single day. A single day is measured from the time the Fund calculates
its NAV to the time of the Fund s next NAV calculation. 

The Index measures the daily inverse performance
of a portfolio of first and second month VIX futures contracts. This theoretical portfolio is rolled each day to maintain a
consistent time to maturity of the futures contracts. The Index is calculated daily at 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) and at a value calculated
from the average price for the futures contracts between 3:45 p.m. (Eastern time) and 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time). Through this
price averaging process known as the Time Weighted Average Price (or TWAP). The Short Index inception date was November 22,
2019. Its ticker symbol is: SHORTVOL. 

If SVIX is successful in meeting its objective,
its value on a given day, before fees and expenses, should gain approximately as much on a percentage basis as the level of the Short
Index. Conversely, its value on a given day, before fees and expenses, should lose approximately as much on a percentage basis as
the level of the Short Index. Although the Fund seeks to track the performance of the Short Index each day, the Fund may not perfectly
track the Short Index s performance over the same period, which is known as tracking error. 

UVIX 

UVIX seeks daily investment results, before fees
and expenses, that correspond to twice (2x) the performance of the Long Index for a single day. The Fund does not seek to achieve
its stated objective over a period greater than a single day. A single day is measured from the time the Fund
calculates its NAV to the time of the Fund s next NAV calculation. 

The Long Index measures the daily performance of
a portfolio of long positions in first and second month VIX futures contracts. This theoretical portfolio is rolled each day
to maintain a consistent time to maturity of the futures contracts. The Index is calculated daily at 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) and
at a value calculated from the average price for the futures contracts between 3:45 p.m. (Eastern time) and 4:00 p.m. (Eastern
time). Through this price averaging process known as the Time Weighted Average Price (or TWAP). The Long Index inception
date is October 8, 2021. Its ticker symbol is: LONGVOL. If the Fund is successful in meeting its objective, its value on a given day,
before fees and expenses, should gain or lose approximately as much on a percentage basis as twice (2x) the level of the Index. Although
the Fund seeks to track twice (2x) the performance of the Index each day, the Fund may not perfectly achieve its objective over the
same period, which is known as tracking error. For more information, see Correlation Risk on page 10. 

The Fund is not designed to meet its investment
objective over periods longer than one day. Notwithstanding, the table below shows a performance example of the how compounding impacts
a 2x daily rebalanced investment referencing an index over periods longer than one day. Areas shaded lighter represent those scenarios
where a hypothetical fund that seeks 2x daily returns of an index will return the same or outperform (i.e., return more than) 2x of the
index performance; conversely, areas shaded darker represent those scenarios where the hypothetical fund will underperform (i.e., return
less than) 2x of the index performance. 

2 

Principal Investment Strategies 

In seeking to achieve each Fund s investment
objective, the Commodity Sub-Adviser uses a mathematical approach to investing. Using this approach, the Commodity Sub-Adviser determines
the type, quantity and mix of investment positions that it believes, in combination, should produce daily returns consistent with each
Fund s objective. 

Each Fund intends to meet its investment objective
by investing all or substantially all of its assets in positions in first and second month VIX futures contracts, though it may invest
in any one of, or combinations of, Financial Instruments (e.g., futures contracts, options contracts and swap transactions), such that
a Fund typically has exposure intended to approximate the Index at the time of its NAV calculation. Under normal market conditions, SVIX s
portfolio will comprise short positions, and UVIX s portfolio will comprise long positions, on first- and second-month VIX
futures contracts. The number and type of these contracts will naturally change day-to-day as each Fund takes a daily rolling position
in such contracts. 

In the event that accountability rules, price limits,
position limits, margin limits or other exposure limits are reached with respect to VIX futures contracts, the Sponsor may cause
a Fund to obtain exposure to the Index through the use of options contracts or swap transactions referencing the VIX futures contracts.
Each Fund may also invest in swaps if the market for a specific futures contract experiences emergencies e.g. , natural disaster,
terrorist attack or an act of God) or disruptions e.g. , a trading halt or a flash crash) or in situations where the Sponsor deems
it impractical or inadvisable to buy or sell futures contracts (such as during periods of market volatility or illiquidity). 

Each Fund also may hold cash or cash equivalents
such as U.S. Treasury securities or other high credit quality, short-term fixed-income or similar securities (such as shares of money
market funds) as collateral for Financial Instruments and pending investment in Financial Instruments. 

Neither Fund is actively managed by traditional
methods e.g., by effecting changes in the composition of a portfolio on the basis of judgments relating to economic, financial
and market conditions with a view toward obtaining positive results under all market conditions). Each Fund seeks to remain fully invested
at all times in Financial Instruments and money market instruments that, in combination, provide exposure to the Index consistent with
its investment objective without regard to market conditions, trends or direction. 

Each Fund seeks to position its portfolio so that
its exposure to its Benchmark is consistent with its investment objective. The time and manner in which the Fund rebalances its portfolio
is defined by the Index methodology but may vary from day to day depending upon market conditions and other circumstances, deemed at
the discretion of the Commodity Sub-Adviser, beneficial at tracking the Benchmark, or beneficial to the Fund holders. 

The amount of exposure a Fund has to a specific
combination of Financial Instruments may differ and may be changed without shareholder approval at any given time. Currently, SVIX seeks
to be, under normal market conditions and absent any unforeseen circumstances, fully exposed to short positions in short-term VIX
futures contracts, and UVIX seeks to be, under normal market conditions and absent any unforeseen circumstances, fully exposed to long
positions in short-term VIX futures contracts. To the extent that any options or swap transaction entered into by a Fund are believed
by the Fund to be securities under the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Fund will limit its investments in
such transactions so that such investments, in combination, will not exceed 40 percent of the Fund s assets (other than cash and
government securities) and thereby avoid potentially being deemed an unregistered investment company. 

The amount of a Fund s exposure should be
expected to change from time to time at the discretion of the Sponsor based on market conditions and other factors. 

In addition, the Sponsor has the power to change
the Fund s investment objective, Benchmark or investment strategy at any time, without shareholder approval, subject to applicable
regulatory requirements. 

Mitigating Price Impacts to VIX Futures
Contract Prices at Times of Fund Rebalancing 

The Sponsor will seek to minimize the market impact
of rebalances across all exchange traded products based on VIX Futures Contracts that it sponsors (the VIX ETPs on
the price of VIX futures contracts by limiting VIX ETP participation, on any given day, in VIX futures contracts to
no more than ten percent (10 of the contracts traded on Cboe Futures Exchange, Inc. CFE during any Rebalance
Period, defined as any fifteen minute period of continuous market trading. In the event that any VIX ETP (including each Fund)
expects to hit the ten percent threshold during the primary Rebalance Period from 3:45 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time), the VIX
ETPs would extend participation during periods of market illiquidity, the Sponsor, on any given day, may vary the manner and period
over which all funds it sponsors are rebalanced, and as such, the manner and period over which a Fund is rebalanced. 

3 

The Short Index 

The Short Index measures the daily inverse performance
of a portfolio of first and second month VIX futures contracts. This theoretical portfolio is rolled each day to maintain a
consistent time to maturity of the futures contracts. 

The Short Index is calculated daily at 4:00 p.m.
(Eastern time) from the average price of the VIX futures contracts between 3:45 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time). 

The Short Index has an inception date of November 22,
2019. 

The Long Index 

The Long Index measures the daily performance of
long positions in a portfolio of first and second month VIX futures contracts. This theoretical portfolio is rolled each day
to maintain a consistent time to maturity of the futures contracts. 

The Long Index is calculated daily at 4:00 p.m.
(Eastern time) from the average price of the VIX futures contracts between 3:45 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time). 

The Long Index has an inception date of October 8,
2021. 

VIX Futures Contracts 

Each Index is comprised of VIX futures contracts. VIX
futures contracts were first launched for trading by the CBOE in 2004. VIX futures contracts allow investors to invest based on their
view of the forward implied market volatility of the S P 500. Investors that believe the forward implied market volatility of the
S P 500 will increase may buy VIX futures contracts. Conversely, investors that believe that the forward implied market volatility
of the S P 500 will decline may sell VIX futures contracts. 

While the VIX represents a measure of the
current expected volatility of the S P 500 over the next 30 days, the prices of VIX futures contracts are based on the current
expectation of the expected 30-day volatility of the S P 500 on the expiration date of the futures contract. Since the VIX and VIX
futures contracts are two distinctly different measures, the VIX and VIX futures contracts generally behave quite differently. 

An important consequence of the spot/forward
relationship between the VIX and VIX futures contracts (and therefore between the VIX and A Fund) that investors should
understand is that the price of a VIX futures contract can be lower, equal to or higher than the VIX, depending on whether the
market expects volatility to be lower, equal to or higher in the 30-day forward period covered by the VIX futures contract than in
the 30-day spot period covered by the VIX. Therefore the performance of VIX Futures contracts should be expected to be
very different than the performance of the VIX as there is no direct relationship between the two measures. As a result, since the
performance of a Fund is linked to the performance of the VIX futures contracts included in the Index, a Fund should be expected
to perform very differently from the VIX (or -1x or 2x thereof). 

The VIX 

The VIX is an index designed to measure the
implied volatility of the S P 500 over 30 days in the future. The VIX is calculated based on the prices of certain put and
call options on the S P 500. The VIX is reflective of the premium paid by investors for certain options linked to the level of
the S P 500. 

During periods of rising investor uncertainty, including
periods of market instability, the implied level of volatility of the S P 500 typically increases and, consequently, the prices of
options linked to the S P 500 typically increase (assuming all other relevant factors remain constant or have negligible changes).
This, in turn, causes the level of the VIX to increase. 

During periods of declining investor uncertainty, the implied
level of volatility of the S P 500 typically decreases and, consequently, the prices of options linked to the S P 500 typically
decrease (assuming all other relevant factors remain constant or have negligible changes). This, in turn, causes the level of the VIX
to decrease. 

4 

Volatility, and the level of the VIX, can
increase (or decrease) without warning. The VIX was developed by the CBOE and is calculated, maintained and published by the CBOE. The
CBOE may change the methodology used to determine the VIX and has no obligation to continue to publish, and may discontinue the publication
of, the VIX. The VIX is reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P. under the ticker symbol VIX. 

The S P 500 

The S P 500 is an index that measures large-cap
U.S. stock market performance. It is a float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index of 500 U.S. operating companies and
real estate investment trusts selected by the S P U.S. Index Committee through a non-mechanical process that factors in criteria
such as liquidity, price, market capitalization and financial viability. Reconstitution occurs both on a quarterly and ongoing basis.
S P publishes the S P 500. The daily calculation of the current value of the S P 500 is based on the relative value of the
aggregate market value of the common stocks of 500 companies as of a particular time compared to the aggregate average initial market
value of the common stocks of 500 similar companies at the time of the inception of the S P 500. The 500 companies are not the 500
largest publicly traded companies and not all 500 companies are listed on the Exchange. S P chooses companies for inclusion in the
S P 500 with the objective of achieving a distribution by broad industry groupings that approximates the distribution of these groupings
in the common stock population of the U.S. equity market. S P may from time to time, in its sole discretion, add companies to,
or delete companies from, the S P 500 to achieve the objectives stated above. Relevant criteria employed by S P include the viability
of the particular company, the extent to which that company represents the industry group to which it is assigned, the extent to which
the company s common stock is widely held and the market value and trading activity of the common stock of that company. 

Information about the Index Provider 

EACH FUND IS NOT SPONSORED, ENDORSED, SOLD OR PROMOTED
BY S P AND ITS AFFILIATES OR CBOE. S P AND CBOE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION, CONDITION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO THE
OWNERS OF A FUND OR ANY MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC REGARDING THE ADVISABILITY OF INVESTING IN SECURITIES GENERALLY OR IN THE FUND PARTICULARLY
OR THE ABILITY OF THE INDEX TO TRACK MARKET PERFORMANCE AND/OR OF GROUPS OF ASSETS OR ASSET CLASSES AND/OR TO ACHIEVE ITS STATED OBJECTIVE
AND/OR TO FORM THE BASIS OF A SUCCESSFUL INVESTMENT STRATEGY, AS APPLICABLE. S P S AND CBOE S ONLY RELATIONSHIP TO
VS TRUST ON BEHALF OF ITS APPLICABLE SERIES AND VOLATILITY SHARES LLC IS THE LICENSING OF CERTAIN TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES AND OF EACH
INDEX WHICH ARE DETERMINED, COMPOSED AND CALCULATED BY S P AND CBOE WITHOUT REGARD TO VS TRUST ON BEHALF OF ITS APPLICABLE SERIES
AND VOLATILITY SHARES LLC OR THE FUNDS. S P AND CBOE HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO TAKE THE NEEDS OF VS TRUST ON BEHALF OF ITS APPLICABLE
SERIES AND VOLATILITY SHARES LLC OR THE OWNERS OF THE FUNDS INTO CONSIDERATION IN DETERMINING, COMPOSING OR CALCULATING THE INDEX. S P
AND CBOE ARE NOT ADVISORS TO THE FUNDS AND ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR AND HAVE NOT PARTICIPATED IN THE DETERMINATION OF THE PRICES AND AMOUNT
OF THE FUNDS OR THE TIMING OF THE ISSUANCE OR SALE OF A FUND OR IN THE DETERMINATION OR CALCULATION OF THE EQUATION BY WHICH FUND SHARES
ARE TO BE CONVERTED INTO CASH. S P AND CBOE HAVE NO OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE ADMINISTRATION, MARKETING,
OR TRADING OF THE FUNDS. 

NEITHER S P, ITS AFFILIATES NOR THIRD PARTY
LICENSORS, INCLUDING CBOE, GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF AN INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN AND S P, ITS AFFILIATES
AND THEIR THIRD PARTY LICENSORS, INCLUDING CBOE, SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INTERRUPTIONS THEREIN. S P
AND CBOE MAKE NO WARRANTY, CONDITION OR REPRESENTATION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY VS TRUST ON BEHALF OF ITS
APPLICABLE SERIES AND VOLATILITY SHARES LLC, SHAREHOLDERS OF THE FUNDS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF AN INDEX OR ANY
DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. S P AND CBOE MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR CONDITIONS, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE AND ANY OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR
CONDITION WITH RESPECT TO THE INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL S P,
ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR THIRD PARTY LICENSORS, INCLUDING CBOE, HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN, EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

5 

Information about Financial Instruments and Commodities Markets 

Futures Contracts 

A futures contract is a standardized contract traded
on, or subject to the rules of, an exchange that calls for the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of a particular underlying
asset at a specified time and place or alternatively may call for cash settlement. Futures contracts are traded on a wide variety of underlying
assets, including bonds, interest rates, agricultural products, stock indexes, currencies, energy, metals, economic indicators and statistical
measures. The notional size and calendar term futures contracts on a particular underlying asset are identical and are not subject to
any negotiation, other than with respect to price and the number of contracts traded between the buyer and seller. A Fund generally deposits
cash and/or securities with an FCM for its open positions in futures contracts, which may, in turn, transfer such deposits to the clearinghouse
to protect the clearing house against non-payment by the Fund. The clearing house becomes substituted for each counterparty to a futures
contract, and, in effect, guarantees performance. In addition, the FCM may require a Fund to deposit collateral in excess of the clearing
house s margin requirements for the FCM s own protection. 

Certain futures contracts, including stock index
contracts, VIX futures contracts and certain commodity futures contracts settle in cash. The cash settlement amount reflects the
difference between the contract purchase/sale price and the contract settlement price. The cash settlement mechanism avoids the potential
for either side to have to deliver the underlying asset. For other futures contracts, the contractual obligations of a buyer or seller
may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying asset or by making an offsetting sale or purchase of
an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the designated date of delivery. The difference between the price
at which the futures contract is purchased or sold and the price paid for the offsetting sale or purchase, after allowance for brokerage
commissions and exchange fees, constitutes the profit or loss to the trader. 

Futures contracts involve, to varying degrees,
elements of market risk and exposure to loss in excess of the amounts of variation margin, which are the amounts of cash that a Fund agrees
to pay to or receive from FCMs equal to the daily fluctuation in the value of a futures contract. Additional risks associated with the
use of futures contracts are imperfect correlation between movements in the price of the futures contracts and the level of the underlying
benchmark and the possibility of an illiquid market for a futures contract. With futures contracts, there is minimal but some counterparty
risk to a Fund since futures contracts are exchange traded and the exchange s clearing house, as counterparty to all exchange-traded
futures contracts, effectively guarantees futures contracts against default. Many futures exchanges and boards of trade limit the amount
of fluctuation permitted in futures contract prices during a single trading day. Once the daily limit has been reached in a particular
contract, no trades may be made that day at a price beyond that limit or trading may be suspended for specified times during the trading
day. Futures contracts prices could move to the limit for several consecutive trading days with little or no trading, thereby preventing
prompt liquidation of futures positions and potentially subjecting a Fund to substantial losses. If trading is not possible or if a Fund
determines not to close a futures position in anticipation of adverse price movements, the Fund may be required to make daily cash payments
of variation margin. 

Futures Account Agreements 

Each Fund has entered into a written agreement
(each, a Futures Account Agreement with one or more FCMs governing the terms of futures transactions of a Fund cleared
by such FCM. Each FCM has its own agreement and other documentation used for establishing customer relationships. As such, the terms
of the Futures Account Agreement and other documentation that a Fund has with a particular FCM may differ in material respects from that
with another FCM. 

Most Futures Account Agreements do not require
the FCM to enter into new transactions or maintain existing transactions with a Fund. In general, each FCM is permitted to terminate its
agreement with a Fund at any time in its sole discretion. In addition, an FCM generally will have the discretion to set margin requirements
and/or position limits that would be in addition to any margin requirements and/or position limits required by applicable law, set by
the exchange, or set by the clearing house that clears the futures contracts in which a Fund transacts. As a result, a Fund s ability
to engage in futures transactions or maintain open positions in such contracts will be dependent on the willingness of its FCMs to continue
to accept or maintain such transactions on terms that are economically appropriate for a Fund s investment strategy. 

When a Fund has an open futures contract position,
it is subject to at least daily variation margin calls by an FCM that could be substantial in the event of adverse price movements. Because
futures contracts may require only a small initial investment in the form of a deposit or margin, they may involve a high degree of leverage.
A Fund with open positions is subject to maintenance or variance margin on its open positions. If a Fund has insufficient cash to meet
daily variation margin requirements, it may need to sell Financial Instruments at a time when such sales are disadvantageous. Futures
markets are highly volatile and the use of or exposure to futures contracts may increase volatility of a Fund s NAV. 

6 

Margin posted by a Fund to an FCM typically will
be held by relevant exchange s clearing house (in the case of clearing house-required margin) or the FCM (in the case of house 
margin requirements of the FCM). In the event that market movements favorable to a Fund result in the Fund having posted more margin than
is required, the Fund typically would have a right to return of margin from the FCM. However, the timing of such return may be uncertain.
As a result, it is possible that a Fund may face liquidity constraints including potential delays in its ability to pay redemption proceeds,
where margin is not immediately returned by an FCM. 

In the event that a Fund fails to comply with its
obligations under a Futures Account Agreement (including, for example, failing to deliver the margin required by an FCM on a timely basis),
the Futures Account Agreement typically will provide the FCM with broad discretion to take remedial action against the Fund. Among other
things, the FCM typically will have the right, upon the occurrence of such a failure by a Fund, to terminate any or all futures contracts
in the Fund s account with that FCM, to sell the collateral posted as margin by the Fund, to close out any open positions of the
Fund in whole or in part, and to cancel any or all pending transactions with the Fund. Futures Account Agreements typically provide that
the Fund will remain liable for paying to the relevant FCM, on demand, the amount of any deficiency in a Fund s account with that
FCM. 

The Futures Account Agreement between the Fund
and an FCM generally requires the Fund to indemnify and hold harmless the FCM, its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates
(collectively, indemnified persons from and against all claims, damages, losses and costs (including reasonable attorneys 
fees) incurred by the indemnified persons, in connection with: (1) any failure by the Fund to perform its obligations under the Futures
Account Agreement and the FCM s exercise of its rights and remedies thereunder; (2) any failure by the Fund to comply with
applicable law; (3) any action reasonably taken by the indemnified persons pursuant to the Futures Account Agreement to comply with
applicable law; and (4) any actions taken by the FCM in reliance on instructions, notices and other communications that the FCM and
its relevant personnel, as applicable, reasonably believes to originate from a person authorized to act on behalf of the Fund. 

To the extent that the Fund trades in futures contracts
on U.S. exchanges, the assets deposited by the Fund with the FCMs (or another eligible financial institution, as applicable) as margin
must be segregated pursuant to the regulations of the CFTC. Such segregated funds may be invested only in a limited range of instruments principally
U.S. government obligations to margin futures and forward contract positions. 

Each Fund currently uses each of the following
firms as an FCM: ADM Investor Services, Inc. ADMIS ), Advantage Futures LLC Advantage ), Marex North
America LLC Marex ), StoneX Financial Inc. FCM, Straits Financial LLC, E D F Man Capital Markets Inc. and RBC
Capital Markets, LLC RBC Capital ). The FCMs used by a Fund may change from time to time. The above discussion relating
to an FCM also would apply to other firms that serve as an FCM to a Fund in the future. Each FCM in its capacity as a registered FCM,
serves as a clearing broker to the Trust and a Fund and certain other funds of the Trust and as such arranges for the execution and clearing
of a Fund s futures transactions. Each FCM acts as clearing broker for many other funds and individuals. A variety of executing
brokers may execute futures transactions on behalf of the Funds. The executing brokers will give-up all such transactions to an FCM as
applicable. Each FCM is registered as an FCM with the CFTC, is a member of the NFA and a clearing member of the CBOT, CME, NYMEX, or another
major U.S. commodity exchange. No FCM is affiliated with or acts as a supervisor of the Trust, the Funds, the Sponsor, the Commodity
Sub-Adviser, the Trustee, the Administrator, Sub-Administrator, Transfer Agent, or the Custodian. No FCM acts as an underwriter or sponsor
of the offering of the Shares, or has passed upon the merits of participating in this offering or has passed upon the adequacy of this
Prospectus or on the accuracy of the information contained herein. No FCM provides any commodity trading advice regarding a Fund s
trading activities. Investors should investors should also note that the Sponsor may select additional clearing brokers or replace any
FCM as a Fund s clearing broker. 

Options 

An option is a contract that gives the purchaser
of the option, in return for the premium paid, the right to buy an underlying reference instrument, such as a specified security, currency,
index, or other instrument, from the writer of the option (in the case of a call option), or to sell a specified reference instrument
to the writer of the option (in the case of a put option) at a designated price during the term of the option. The premium paid by the
buyer of an option will reflect, among other things, the relationship of the exercise price to the market price and the volatility of
the underlying reference instrument, the remaining term of the option, supply, demand, interest rates and/or currency exchange rates.
An American style put or call option may be exercised at any time during the option period while a European style put or call option may
be exercised only upon expiration or during a fixed period prior thereto. Put and call options are traded on national securities exchanges
and in the OTC market. Options traded on national securities exchanges are within the jurisdiction of the SEC or other appropriate national
securities regulator, as are securities traded on such exchanges. As a result, many of the protections provided to traders on organized
exchanges will be available with respect to such transactions. In particular, all option positions entered into on a national securities
exchange in the United States are cleared and guaranteed by the Options Clearing Corporation, thereby reducing the risk of counterparty
default. Furthermore, a liquid secondary market in options traded on a national securities exchange may be more readily available than
in the OTC market, potentially permitting a Fund to liquidate open positions at a profit prior to exercise or expiration, or to limit
losses in the event of adverse market movements. There is no assurance, however, that higher than anticipated trading activity or other
unforeseen events might not temporarily render the capabilities of the Options Clearing Corporation inadequate, and thereby result in
the exchange instituting special procedures which may interfere with the timely execution of a Fund s orders to close out open options
positions. 

7 

Swap Agreements 

Swaps are contracts that have traditionally been
entered into primarily by institutional investors in OTC markets for a specified period ranging from a day to many years. Certain
types of swaps may be cleared, and certain types are, in fact, required to be cleared. The types of swaps that may be cleared are generally
limited to only swaps where the most liquidity exists and a clearing organization is willing to clear the trade on standardized terms.
Swaps with customized terms or those for which significant market liquidity does not exist are generally not able to be cleared. 

In a standard swap transaction, the parties agree
to exchange the returns on, among other things, a particular predetermined security, commodity, interest rate, or index for a fixed or
floating rate of return (the interest rate leg, which will also include the cost of borrowing for short swaps) in respect
of a predetermined notional amount. The notional amount of the swap reflects the extent of a Fund s total investment exposure under
the swap. 

In the case of futures contracts-based indexes,
such as those used by a Fund, the reference interest rate typically is zero, although a financing spread or fee is generally still applied.
Transaction or commission costs are reflected in the benchmark level at which the transaction is entered into. The gross returns to be
exchanged are calculated with respect to the notional amount and the benchmark returns to which the swap is linked. Swaps are usually
closed out on a net basis, i.e. , the two payment streams are netted out in a cash settlement on the payment date specified in the
agreement, with the parties receiving or paying, as the case may be, only the net amount of the two payments. Thus, while the notional
amount reflects a Fund s total investment exposure under the swap i.e. , the entire face amount or principal of a swap),
the net amount is the Fund s current obligations (or rights) under the swap. That is the amount to be paid or received under the
agreement based on the relative values of the positions held by each party to the agreement on any given termination date. 

Swaps may also expose a Fund to liquidity risk.
Although a Fund may have the ability to terminate a swap at any time, doing so may subject the Fund to certain early termination charges.
In addition, there may not be a liquid market within which to dispose of an outstanding swap even if a permitted disposal might avoid
an early termination charge. Uncleared swaps generally are not assignable except by agreement between the parties to the swap, and generally
no party or purchaser has any obligation to permit such assignments. 

Swaps involve, to varying degrees, elements of
market risk and exposure to loss in excess of the amount which would be reflected on a Fund s Statement of Financial Condition.
In addition to market risk and other risks, the use of swaps also comes with counterparty credit risk i.e. , the
inability of a counterparty to a swap to perform its obligations. A Fund that invests in swaps bears the risk of loss of the net amount,
if any, expected to be received under a swap agreement in the event of the default or bankruptcy of a swap counterparty. A Fund enters
or intends to enter into swaps only with major, global financial institutions. However, there are no limitations on the percentage of
its assets a Fund may invest in swaps with a particular counterparty. 

A Fund that invests in swaps may use various techniques
to minimize counterparty credit risk. A Fund that invests in swaps generally enters into arrangements with its counterparties whereby
both sides exchange collateral on a mark-to-market basis. In addition, the Fund may post initial margin or independent
amount to counterparties in swaps. Such collateral serves as protection for the counterparty in the event of a failure by the Fund
and is in addition to any mark-to-market collateral that i.e. , the Fund may post initial margin to the counterparty even where
the counterparty would owe money to the Fund if the swap were to be terminated). The amount of initial margin posted by the Fund may vary
depending on the risk profile of the swap. The collateral, whether for mark-to-market or for initial margin, generally consists of cash
and/or securities. 

Collateral posted by a Fund to a counterparty in
connection with uncleared derivatives transactions is generally held for the benefit of the counterparty in a segregated tri-party account
at a third-party custodian to protect the counterparty against non-payment by the Fund. In the event of a default by a Fund where the
counterparty is owed money in the uncleared swap transaction, such counterparty will seek withdrawal of this collateral from the segregated
account. 

8 

Collateral posted by the counterparty to a Fund
is typically held for the benefit of the Fund in a segregated tri-party account at a third-party custodian. In the event of a default
by the counterparty where the Fund is owed money in the uncleared swap transaction, the Fund will seek withdrawal of this collateral from
the segregated account. The Fund may incur certain costs exercising its right with respect to the collateral. 

Notwithstanding the use of collateral arrangements,
to the extent any collateral provided to a Fund is insufficient or there are delays in accessing the collateral, a Fund will be exposed
to counterparty risk as described above, including possible delays in recovering amounts as a result of bankruptcy proceedings. 

Money Market Instruments 

Money market instruments are short-term debt instruments
that have a remaining maturity of 397 days or less and exhibit high quality credit profiles. Money market instruments may include
U.S. government securities, securities issued by governments of other developed countries and repurchase agreements. 

U.S. Derivatives Exchanges 

Derivatives exchanges, including swap execution
facilities that are required under the Dodd-Frank Act, provide centralized market facilities for trading derivatives in which multiple
persons have the ability to execute or trade contracts by accepting bids and offers from multiple participants. Members of, and trades
executed on, a particular exchange are subject to the rules of that exchange. Among the principal exchanges in the United States
are the CBOE (which includes the CBOE Futures Exchange (the CFE )), the Chicago Mercantile Exchange CME (which
includes, among others, the Chicago Board of Trade CBOT and the New York Mercantile Exchange (the NYMEX and the Intercontinental Exchange ICE )). 

Each derivatives exchange in the United States
has an associated clearing house. Clearing houses provide services designed to transfer credit risk and ensure the integrity
of trades. Once trades between members of an exchange have been confirmed and/or cleared, the clearing house becomes substituted for each
buyer and each seller of contracts traded on the exchange and, in effect, becomes the other party to each trader s open position
in the market. Thereafter, each party to a trade looks only to the clearing house for performance. The clearing house generally establishes
some sort of security or guarantee fund to which all clearing members of the exchange must contribute. This fund acts as an emergency
buffer which is intended to enable the clearing house to meet its obligations with regard to the other side of an insolvent clearing member s
contracts. Furthermore, clearing houses require margin deposits and continuously mark positions to market to provide some assurance that
their members will be able to fulfil their contractual obligations. Thus, members effecting derivatives transactions on an organized exchange
or clearing an OTC derivatives transaction through a clearing house do not bear the risk of the insolvency of the party on the opposite
side of the trade; their credit risk is limited to the respective solvencies of their commodity broker and the clearing house. The clearing
house guarantee of performance on open positions does not run to customers. If a member firm goes bankrupt, customers could
lose money. 

If a Fund decides to execute derivatives transactions
through such derivatives exchanges and especially if it decides to become a direct member of one or more exchanges or
swap execution facilities the Fund would be subject to the rules of the exchange or swap executive facility, which would
bring additional risks and liabilities, and potential additional regulatory requirements. 

Regulations 

Derivatives exchanges in the United States
are subject to regulation under the CEA, by the CFTC, the governmental agency having responsibility for regulation of derivatives exchanges
and trading on those exchanges. Following the adoption of the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC also has authority to regulate OTC derivatives
markets, including certain OTC foreign exchange markets. 

9 

The CFTC has exclusive authority to designate exchanges
for the trading of specific futures contracts and to prescribe rules and regulations of the marketing of each. The CFTC also regulates
the activities of commodity pool operators and the CFTC has adopted regulations with respect to certain of such persons 
activities. Pursuant to its authority, the CFTC requires a commodity pool operator, such as the Sponsor, to keep accurate, current and
orderly records with respect to each pool it operates. The CFTC may suspend, modify or terminate the registration of any registrant for
failure to comply with CFTC rules or regulations. Suspension, restriction or termination of the Sponsor s registration as a commodity
pool operator would prevent it, until such time (if any) as such registration were to be reinstated, from managing, and might result in
the termination of the Fund. If the Sponsor were unable to provide services and/or advice to the Fund, the Fund would be unable to pursue
its investment objective unless and until the Sponsor s ability to provide services and advice to the Fund was reinstated or a replacement
for the Sponsor as commodity pool operator could be found. Such an event could result in termination of the Fund. 

The CEA requires all FCMs to meet and maintain
specified fitness and financial requirements, segregate customer funds from proprietary funds and account separately for all customers 
funds and positions, and to maintain specified books and records open to inspection by the staff of the CFTC. 

The CEA also gives the states certain powers to
enforce its provisions and the regulations of the CFTC. 

Under certain circumstances, the CEA grants shareholders
the right to institute a reparations proceeding before the CFTC against the Sponsor (as a registered commodity pool operator), an FCM,
as well as those of their respective employees who are required to be registered under the CEA. Shareholders may also be able to
maintain a private right of action for certain violations of the CEA. 

Pursuant to authority in the CEA, the NFA has been
formed and registered with the CFTC as a registered futures association. At the present time, the NFA is the only self-regulatory organization
for commodities professionals other than exchanges. As such, the NFA promulgates rules governing the conduct of commodity professionals
and disciplines those professionals that do not comply with such standards. The CFTC has delegated to the NFA responsibility for the registration
of commodity pool operators, FCMs, swap dealers, commodity trading advisors, introducing brokers and their respective associated persons
and floor brokers. The Sponsor is a member of the NFA (each Fund itself is not required to become members of the NFA). As an NFA member,
the Sponsor is subject to NFA standards relating to fair trade practices, financial condition, and consumer protection. 

The CEA and CFTC regulations prohibit market abuse
and generally require that all futures exchange-based trading be conducted in compliance with rules designed to ensure the integrity of
market prices and without any intent to manipulate prices. CFTC regulations and futures exchange rules also impose limits on the size
of the positions that a person may hold or control as well as standards for aggregating certain positions. The rules of the CFTC and the
futures exchanges also authorize special emergency actions to halt, suspend or limit trading overall or to restrict, halt, suspend or
limit the trading of an individual trader or to otherwise impose special reporting or margin requirements. 

Each Fund s investments in Financial Instruments
will be subject to regulation under the CEA and traded pursuant to CFTC and applicable exchange regulations. 

Daily Limits 

Most U.S. futures exchanges (but generally
not foreign exchanges or banks or dealers in the cases of swap agreements) limit the amount of fluctuation in some futures contract or
options contract prices during a single day by regulations. These regulations specify what are referred to as daily price
fluctuation limits or more commonly daily limits. Once the daily limit has been reached in a particular futures contract,
no trades may be made at a price beyond that limit. Currently, CBOE limits daily VIX futures contracts to no more than 50,000 per
entity. 

10 

Margin 

Initial or original 
margin is the minimum dollar amount that a counterparty to a cleared derivatives contract must deposit with its commodity broker in order
to establish an open position. Maintenance or variation margin is the amount (generally less than initial
margin) to which a trader s account may decline before he must deliver additional margin so as to maintain open positions. A margin
deposit is like a cash performance bond. It helps assure the futures trader s performance of the futures contracts he purchases
or sells. 

The minimum amount of margin required in connection
with a particular futures contract is set by the exchange on which such contract is traded and is subject to change at any time during
the term of the contract. Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on margins that represent a percentage of the aggregate purchase
or sales price of the contract. 

Brokerage firms may require higher amounts of margin
than exchange minimums. These requirements may change without warning. 

Margin requirements are computed each day
or intraday by a commodity broker and the relevant exchange. At the close of each trading day or intraday, each open futures contract
is marked to market, that is, the gain or loss on the position is calculated from the prior day s close. When the market value
of a particular open futures contract position changes to a point where the margin on deposit does not satisfy maintenance margin requirements,
a margin call is made by the commodity broker. If the margin call is not met within a reasonable time, the broker may close out the customer s
position. 

Creation and Redemption of Shares 

Each Fund creates and redeems Shares from time
to time, but only in one or more Creation Units. A Creation Unit is a block of at least 10,000 Shares. Except when aggregated in
Creation Units, the Shares are not redeemable securities. 

The manner by which Creation Units are purchased
and redeemed is governed by the terms of the Authorized Participant Agreement and Authorized Participant Procedures Handbook, and all
such procedures are at the discretion of the Sponsor. By placing a purchase order, an Authorized Participant agrees to deposit cash or
Financial Instruments with the Custodian of a Fund (unless as provided otherwise by this Prospectus). Purchases and redemptions made by
Authorized Participants primarily in cash rather than through in-kind delivery of Financial Instruments, if not offset by a transaction
fee (as described below), may cause a Fund to incur certain costs, including brokerage costs or taxable capital gains or losses, that
may decrease the Fund s net asset value. 

If permitted by the Sponsor in its sole discretion
with respect to a Fund, an Authorized Participant may also agree to enter into or arrange for an exchange of a futures contract for related
position EFCRP or block trade with the Fund whereby the Authorized Participant would also transfer to the Fund a number
and type of exchange-traded futures contracts at or near the closing settlement price for such contracts on the purchase order date. Similarly,
the Sponsor in its sole discretion may agree with an Authorized Participant to use an EFCRP to effect an order to redeem Creation Units. 

An EFCRP is a technique permitted by the rules
of certain futures exchanges that, as utilized by a Fund in the Sponsor s discretion, would allow the Fund to take a position in
a futures contract from an Authorized Participant, or give futures contracts to an Authorized Participant, in the case of a redemption,
rather than to enter the futures exchange markets to obtain such a position. An EFCRP by itself will not change either party s net
risk position materially. Because the futures position that a Fund would otherwise need to take in order to meet its investment objective
can be obtained without unnecessarily impacting the financial or futures markets or their pricing, EFCRPs can generally be viewed as transactions
beneficial to the Fund. A block trade is a technique that permits a Fund to obtain a futures position without going through the market
auction system and can generally be viewed as a transaction beneficial to the Fund. 

Authorized Participants pay a fixed transaction
fee of up to 500 in connection with each order to create or redeem a Creation Unit in order to compensate the Administrator, Sub-Administrator,
the Custodian and the Transfer Agent of a Fund and its Shares, for services in processing the creation and redemption of Creation Units and
to offset the costs of increasing or decreasing derivative positions. Authorized Participants also may pay a variable transaction fee
to the Fund of up to 0.20 of the value of the Creation Unit that is purchased or redeemed unless the transaction fee is waived or otherwise
adjusted by the Sponsor. The Sponsor provides such Authorized Participant with prompt notice in advance of any such waiver or adjustment
of the transaction fee. The Sponsor may waive a fixed or variable transaction fee for any number of reasons, including to maintain similar
costs structures as competitive investment vehicles. Authorized Participants may sell the Shares included in the Creation Units they
purchase from a Fund to other investors. 

11 

The form of Authorized Participant Agreement and
the related Authorized Participant Procedures Handbook set forth the procedures for the creation and redemption of Creation Units and
for the payment of cash or Financial Instruments required for such creations and redemptions. The Sponsor may delegate its duties and
obligations under the form of Authorized Participant Agreement to the Administrator, Sub-Administrator, the Custodian and the Transfer
Agent without consent from any shareholder or Authorized Participant. The form of Authorized Participant Agreement, the related procedures
attached thereto and the Authorized Participant Procedures Handbook may be amended by the Sponsor without the consent of any shareholder
or Authorized Participant. Authorized Participants who purchase Creation Units from a Fund receive no fees, commissions or other
form of compensation or inducement of any kind from either the Sponsor or the Fund, and no such person has any obligation or responsibility
to the Sponsor or the Fund to effect any sale or resale of Shares. 

Each Authorized Participant must be registered
as a broker-dealer under the 1934 Act and regulated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ), or exempt
from being, or otherwise not required to be, so regulated or registered, and must be qualified to act as a broker or dealer in the states
or other jurisdictions where the nature of its business so requires. Certain Authorized Participants may be regulated under federal and
state banking laws and regulations. Each Authorized Participant must have its own set of rules and procedures, internal controls and information
barriers as it determines is appropriate in light of its own regulatory regime. 

Authorized Participants may act for their own accounts
or as agents for broker-dealers, custodians and other securities market participants that wish to create or redeem Creation Units. 

Persons interested in purchasing Creation Units should
contact the Sponsor or the Administrator to obtain the contact information for the Authorized Participants. Shareholders who are not Authorized
Participants are only able to redeem their Shares through an Authorized Participant. 

Pursuant to the Authorized Participant Agreement,
the Sponsor agreed to indemnify the Authorized Participants against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the 1933 Act, and
to contribute to the payments the Authorized Participants may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. 

The following description of the procedures for
the creation and redemption of Creation Units is only a summary and an investor should refer to the relevant provisions of the Trust
Agreement and the form of Authorized Participant Agreement for more detail. The Trust Agreement and the form of Authorized Participant
Agreement are filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement of which this Prospectus is a part. 

Creation Procedures 

On any Business Day, an Authorized Participant
may place an order with the Marketing Agent to create one or more Creation Units. 

Purchase orders must be placed by 2:00 p.m.
(Eastern time). The cut-off time may be earlier if, for example, the Exchange or other exchange material to the valuation or operation
of the Fund closes before the cut-off time. If a purchase order is received prior to the applicable cut-off time, the day on which
the Marketing Agent receives a valid purchase order is the purchase order date. If the purchase order is received after the applicable
cut-off time, the purchase order date will be the next Business Day. Purchase orders are irrevocable. By placing a purchase order, and
prior to delivery of such Creation Units, an Authorized Participant s DTC account will be charged the non-refundable transaction
fee due for the purchase order. 

12 

Determination of Required Payment 

The total payment required to create each Creation
Unit is the value of the Creation Unit on the purchase order date plus the applicable transaction fees. 

Delivery of Cash 

Cash required for settlement will typically be
transferred to the Custodian through: (1) the Continuous Net Settlement (the CNS clearing process of NSCC, as such
processes have been enhanced to effect creations and redemptions of Creation Units; or (2) the facilities of DTC on a Delivery Versus
Payment DVP basis, which is the procedure in which the buyer s payment for securities is due at the time of delivery.
Security delivery and payment are simultaneous. If the Custodian does not receive the cash by the market close on the first Business Day
following the purchase order date T+1 ), such order may be charged interest for delayed settlement or cancelled. The Sponsor
reserves the right to extend the deadline for the Custodian to receive the cash required for settlement up to the second Business Day
following the purchase order date T+2 ). In the event a purchase order is cancelled, the Authorized Participant will be
responsible for reimbursing a Fund for all costs associated with cancelling the order including costs for repositioning the portfolio.
At its sole discretion, the Sponsor may agree to a delivery date other than T+2. Additional fees may apply for special settlement. The
Creation Unit will be delivered to the Authorized Participant upon the Custodian s receipt of the purchase amount. 

Delivery of Exchange of Futures Contract for Related Position EFCRP Futures Contracts or Block Trades 

In the event that the Sponsor shall have determined
to permit the Authorized Participant to transfer futures contracts pursuant to an EFCRP or to engage in a block trade purchase of futures
contracts from the Authorized Participant with respect to a Fund, as well as to deliver cash, in the creation process, futures contracts
required for settlement must be transferred directly to the Fund s account at its FCM. If the cash is not received by the market
close on the second Business Day following the purchase order date (T+2); such order may be charged interest for delayed settlements or
cancelled. In the event a purchase order is cancelled, the Authorized Participant will be responsible for reimbursing a Fund for all costs
associated with cancelling the order including costs for repositioning the portfolio. At its sole discretion, the Sponsor may agree to
a delivery date other than T+2. The Creation Unit will be delivered to the Authorized Participant upon the Custodian s receipt of
the cash purchase amount and the futures contracts. 

Suspension or Rejection of Purchase Orders 

The Sponsor may, in its discretion, suspend the
right to purchase, or postpone the purchase settlement date: (1) for any period during which any of the Exchange, CBOE, CFE, CME
(including CBOT and NYMEX) or ICE or other exchange material to the valuation or operation of a Fund is closed or when trading is suspended
or restricted on such exchanges in any of the underlying VIX futures contracts; (2) for any period during which an emergency
exists as a result of which the fulfilment of a purchase order is not reasonably practicable; or (3) for such other period as the
Sponsor determines to be necessary for the protection of the shareholders. The Sponsor will not be liable to any person or in any way
for any loss or damages that may result from any such suspension or postponement. 

The Sponsor also may reject a purchase order if: 

It determines that the purchase order is not in proper form; 

The Sponsor believes that the purchase order would have adverse
tax consequences to the Fund or its shareholders; 

The order would be illegal; or 

Circumstances outside the control of the Sponsor make it,
for all practical purposes, not feasible to process creations of Creation Units. 

None of the Sponsor, the Administrator, Sub-Administrator
or the Custodian will be liable for the suspension or rejection of any purchase order. 

Redemption Procedures 

The procedures by which an Authorized Participant
can redeem one or more Creation Units mirror the procedures for the creation of Creation Units. On any Business Day, an Authorized
Participant may place an order with the Marketing Agent to redeem one or more Creation Units. Redemption orders must be received prior
to 2:00 p.m. (Eastern time), or earlier if, for example, the Exchange or other exchange material to the valuation or operation of
a Fund closes before the cut-off time. If a redemption order is received prior to the applicable cut-off time, the day on which the
Marketing Agent receives a valid redemption order is the redemption order date. If the redemption order is received after the applicable
cut-off time, the redemption order date will be the next day. Redemption orders are irrevocable. Individual shareholders may not
redeem directly from the Fund. 

13 

By placing a redemption order, an Authorized Participant
agrees to deliver the Creation Units to be redeemed through DTC s book-entry system to the applicable Fund not later than noon
(Eastern Time), on the first Business Day immediately following the redemption order date (T+1). The Sponsor reserves the right to extend
the deadline for a Fund to receive the Creation Units required for settlement up to the second Business Day following the redemption
order date (T+2). By placing a redemption order, and prior to receipt of the redemption proceeds, an Authorized Participant must wire
to the Custodian the non-refundable transaction fee due for the redemption order or any proceeds due will be reduced by the amount of
the fee payable. At its sole discretion, the Sponsor may agree to a delivery date other than T+2. Additional fees may apply for special
settlement. 

Upon request of an Authorized Participant made
at the time of a redemption order, the Sponsor at its sole discretion may determine, in addition to delivering redemption proceeds, to
transfer futures contracts to the Authorized Participant pursuant to an EFCRP or to a block trade sale of futures contracts to the Authorized
Participant. 

Determination of Redemption Proceeds 

The redemption proceeds from a Fund consist of
the cash redemption amount and, if permitted by the Sponsor in its sole discretion with respect to the Fund, an EFCRP or block trade with
the Fund as described in Creation and Redemption of Shares above. The cash redemption amount is equal
to the NAV of the number of Creation Unit(s) of a Fund requested in the Authorized Participant s redemption order as of the
time of the calculation of the Fund s NAV on the redemption order date, less transaction fees and any amounts attributable to any
applicable EFCRP or block trade. 

Delivery of Redemption Proceeds 

The redemption proceeds due from a Fund are
delivered to the Authorized Participant at noon (Eastern Time), on the second Business Day immediately following the redemption
order date if, by such time on such Business Day immediately following the redemption order date, the Fund s DTC account has
been credited with the Creation Units to be redeemed. A Fund should be credited through: (1) the CNS clearing process of
NSCC, as such processes have been enhanced to effect creations and redemptions of Creation Units; or (2) the facilities of DTC
on a DVP basis. If a Fund s DTC account has not been credited with all of the Creation Units to be redeemed by such time,
the redemption distribution is delivered to the extent whole Creation Units are received. Any remainder of the redemption
distribution is delivered on the next Business Day to the extent any remaining whole Creation Units are received if:
(1) the Sponsor receives the fee applicable to the extension of the redemption distribution date which the Sponsor may, from
time to time, determine, and (2) the remaining Creation Units to be redeemed are credited to a Fund s DTC account by
noon (Eastern Time), on such next Business Day. Any further outstanding amount of the redemption order may be cancelled. The
Authorized Participant will be responsible for reimbursing a Fund for all costs associated with cancelling the order including costs
for repositioning the portfolio. 

The Sponsor is also authorized to deliver the redemption
distribution notwithstanding that the Creation Units to be redeemed are not credited to a Fund s DTC account by noon (Eastern
Time), on the second Business Day immediately following the redemption order date if the Authorized Participant has collateralized its
obligation to deliver the Creation Units through DTC s book-entry system on such terms as the Sponsor may determine from time
to time. 

In the event that the Authorized Participant shall
have requested, and the Sponsor shall have determined to permit the Authorized Participant to receive futures contracts pursuant to an
EFCRP, as well as the cash redemption proceeds, in the redemption process, futures contracts required for settlement shall be transferred
directly from a Fund s account at its FCM to the account of the Authorized Participant at its FCM. 

Suspension or Rejection of Redemption Orders 

The Sponsor may, in its discretion, suspend the
right of redemption, or postpone the redemption settlement date, (1) for any period during which any of the Exchange, CBOE, CFE,
CME (including CBOT and NYMEX) or ICE or other exchange material to the valuation or operation of a Fund is closed or when trading is
suspended or restricted on such exchanges in any of the underlying VIX futures contracts; (2) for any period during which an
emergency exists as a result of which the redemption distribution is not reasonably practicable; or (3) for such other period as
the Sponsor determines to be necessary for the protection of the shareholders. The Sponsor will not be liable to any person or in any
way for any loss or damages that may result from any such suspension or postponement. 

14 

The Sponsor will reject a redemption order if the
order is not in proper form as described in the form of Authorized Participant Agreement or if the fulfilment of the order might be unlawful. 

Creation and Redemption Transaction Fee 

To compensate Foreside Fund Services, LLC for services
in processing the creation and redemption of Creation Units and to offset some or all of the transaction costs, an Authorized Participant
may be required to pay a fixed transaction fee to Foreside Fund Services, LLC of up to 500 per order to create or redeem Creation Units and
may pay a variable transaction fee to a Fund of up to 0.20 of the value of a Creation Unit. An order may include multiple Creation Units.
The transaction fee(s) may be reduced, increased or otherwise changed by the Sponsor at its sole discretion. 

Special Settlement 

The Sponsor may allow for early settlement of purchase
or redemption orders. Such arrangements may result in additional charges to the Authorized Participant. 

Net Asset Value 

The net asset value NAV in respect
of a Fund means the total assets of the Fund including, but not limited to, all cash and cash equivalents or other debt securities less
total liabilities of the Fund, consistently applied under the accrual method of accounting. In particular, the NAV includes any unrealized
profit or loss on open futures contracts (and Financial Instruments, if any), and any other credit or debit accruing to the Fund but unpaid
or not received by the Fund. The NAV per Share of a Fund is computed by dividing the value of the net assets of the Fund i.e. ,
the value of its total assets less total liabilities) by its total number of Shares outstanding. Expenses and fees are accrued daily and
taken into account for purposes of determining the NAV. Each Fund s NAV is calculated on each day other than a day
when the Exchange is closed for regular trading. Each Fund computes its NAV only once each Business Day as of 4:00 p.m. (Eastern
Time) (the NAV Calculation Time , or an earlier time as set forth on www.volatilityshares.com. For example, a
Fund may calculate its NAV as of an earlier time if the Exchange or other exchange material to the valuation or operation of the Fund
closes early. The Funds website at www.volatilityshares.com will display the end of day closing Index level, and NAV
per Share for the Fund. The Fund will provide daily website disclosure, prior to market opening, of the Funds portfolio holdings.
This website disclosure of the portfolio composition of the Fund will occur at the same time as the disclosure by the Fund of the portfolio
composition to Authorized Participants so that all market participants are provided portfolio composition information at the same time. 

In calculating the NAV of a Fund, the VIX
futures contracts are valued using the Time Weighted Average Price (TWAP) of the futures during the last 15 minutes of NYSE s regular
trading session, rather than solely from the VIX futures settlement price. The value of a Fund s non-exchange-traded
Financial Instruments typically is determined by applying the then-current disseminated levels for the Index to the terms of the Fund s
non-exchange-traded Financial Instruments. 

In certain circumstances e.g. , if the Sponsor
believes market quotations do not accurately reflect the fair value of a Fund s investment, or a trading halt closes an exchange
or market early), the Sponsor may, in its sole discretion, choose to determine a fair value price as the basis for determining the market
value of such investment for such day. Such fair value prices would generally be determined based on available inputs about the current
value of the underlying VIX futures contract and would be based on principles that the Sponsor deems fair and equitable. 

The Funds may use a variety of money market instruments.
Money market instruments generally will be valued using market prices or at amortized cost. 

Indicative Optimized Portfolio Value IOPV 

The IOPV, which is also known as the intraday indicative
value or IIV, is an indicator of the value of a Fund s net assets at the time the IOPV is disseminated. The IOPV is calculated
and disseminated every 15 seconds during a normal Business Day. A Business Day is defined as a day the United States equity
markets are open for trading on the NYSE. The IOPV may cease calculating at an earlier time if the Exchange or other information
material to the valuation or operation of a Fund closes early. The IOPV is generally calculated using the prior day s closing
net assets of a Fund as a base and updating throughout the Business Day changes in the value of the Financial Instruments held by the
Fund. The IOPV should not be viewed as an actual real time update of the NAV because NAV is calculated only once at the end of each Business
Day. The IOPV also should not be viewed as a precise value of the Shares. Because the market price per Share may differ from the IOPV,
the price at which an investor may be able to sell Shares at any time, and especially in times of market volatility, may be significantly
less than the IOPV at the time of sale. Neither a Fund nor the Sponsor is liable for any errors in the calculation of the IOPV or any
failure to disseminate IOPV. 

15 

The Exchange disseminates the IOPV. In addition,
the IOPV is published on the Exchange s website and is available through on-line information services such as Bloomberg Finance
L.P. and/or Reuters. 

Fees and Expenses 

Management Fee 

SVIX pays the Sponsor a management fee (the Management
Fee ), monthly in arrears, in an amount equal to 1.35 per annum of its average daily net assets. UVIX pays the Sponsor a
Management Fee, monthly in arrears, in an amount equal to 1.65 per annum of its average daily net assets. Average daily
net assets is calculated by dividing the month-end net assets of each Fund by the number of calendar days in such month. 

No other Management Fee is paid by the Funds. The
Management Fee is paid in consideration of the Sponsor s trading advisory services and the other services provided to the Fund that
the Sponsor pays directly. 

Licensing and Index Calculation Fee 

Each Fund pays CBOE a fee to calculate and maintain
the Index. Each Fund pays S P a fee for the futures data that is based on the VIX and the use of third party licensor trademarks. 

Recurring and Non-Recurring Fees and Expenses 

Each Fund pays all of its fees and expenses, including
recurring, non-recurring, routine and unusual fees and expenses. 

Selling Commission 

Retail investors may purchase and sell Shares through
traditional brokerage accounts. Investors are expected to be charged a customary commission by their brokers in connection with purchases
of Shares that will vary from investor to investor. Investors are encouraged to review the terms of their brokerage accounts for applicable
charges. The price at which an Authorized Participant sells a Share may be higher or lower than the price paid by such Authorized Participant
in connection with the creation of such Share in a Creation Unit. 

Brokerage Commissions and Fees 

Each Fund pays all of its respective brokerage commissions,
including applicable exchange fees, NFA fees and give-up fees, pit brokerage fees and other transaction related fees and expenses charged
in connection with trading activities for the Fund s investments in CFTC regulated investments. On average, total charges paid to
FCMs are expected to be less than 7.00 per round-turn trade, although brokerage commissions and trading fees are determined on a contract-by-contract
basis. Each Fund bears other transaction costs including the effects of trading spreads and financing costs/fees, if any, associated with
the use of Financial Instruments, and costs relating to the purchase of U.S. Treasury securities or similar high credit quality short-term
fixed-income or similar securities (such as shares of money market funds). 

Employees 

The Trust has no employees. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company, the Trust is not required to provide
the information required by this item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Not applicable. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

16 

Part II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

a) The Shares of each Fund that has commenced investment operations are listed in the accompanying table. The dates the Shares of each
Fund began trading, their symbols and their primary listing exchange are indicated below: 

Fund 
 Commencement of Operations 
 Ticker Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which
 registered 
 
 -1x Short VIX Futures ETF 
 28-Mar-22 
 SVIX 
 Cboe BZX Exchange 
 
 2x Long VIX Futures ETF 
 28-Mar-22 
 UVIX 
 Cboe BZX Exchange 

The approximate number of holders of the Shares of each Fund as of
December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

Fund 
 Number of Holders 
 
 -1x Short VIX Futures ETF 
 3,170,000 
 
 2x Long VIX Futures ETF 
 21,450,000 
 
 Combined Trust: 
 24,620,000 

The Funds made no distributions to Shareholders during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022. The Funds have no obligation to make periodic distributions to Shareholders. 

b) Not applicable. 

Title of Securities Registered 
 Amount
Registered as of December 31, 
2022 
 Shares Sold For the Three 
 Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 Sale Price of Shares Sold For the Three 
 Months Ended December 31, 2022 
 Shares Sold For the Year 
 Ended December 31, 2022 
 Sale Price of Shares Sold For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 -1x Short VIX Futures ETF 

Common Units of Beneficial Interest 
 An indeterminant amount of securities 
 1,720,000 
 20,649,395 
 16,980,000 
 189,786,132 
 
 2x Long VIX Futures ETF 

Common Units of Beneficial Interest 
 An indeterminant amount of securities 
 17,830,000 
 146,749,592 
 36,390,000 
 399,696,269 

c) From October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the number of Shares redeemed and average price per Share for each Fund
were as follows: 

Fund 
 Total Number of Shares Redeemed 
 Average Price Per Share 
 
 -1x Short VIX Futures ETF 

10/01/22 to 10/31/22 
 (1,700,000 
 11.48 
 
 11/01/22 to 11/30/22 
 (1,280,000 
 12.66 
 
 12/01/22 to 12/31/22 
 (950,000 
 14.47 
 
 2x Long VIX Futures ETF 

10/01/22 to 10/31/22 
 (1,790,000 
 13.01 
 
 11/01/22 to 11/30/22 
 (250,000 
 8.82 
 
 12/01/22 to 12/31/22 
 (1,100,000 
 6.51 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

This information should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and notes to the financial statements included with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The discussion and analysis that
follows may contain statements that relate to future events or future performance. In some cases, such forward-looking statements can
be identified by terminology such as will, may, should, expect, plan, 
 anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, intend, 
 project, seek or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. None of the Trust, the Sponsor,
the Commodity Sub-Adviser, the Trustee, or the Administrator assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any forward-looking
statements. Except as expressly required by federal securities laws, none of the Trust, the Sponsor, the Commodity Sub-Adviser, the Trustee,
or the Administrator is under a duty to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform such statements to actual results or to
a change in expectations or predictions. 

17 

Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are
subject to inherent uncertainties, risk and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the
Funds control. The Funds forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results and conditions and important factors,
risks and uncertainties in the markets for financial instruments that the Funds trade, in the markets for related physical commodities,
in the legal and regulatory regimes applicable to the Sponsor, the Funds, and the Funds service providers, and in the broader economy
may cause the Funds actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

In order to collateralize derivatives positions, a portion of the NAV
of each Fund is held in cash and/or U.S. Treasury securities, agency securities, or other high credit quality short term fixed-income
or similar securities (such as shares of money market funds, bank deposits, bank money market accounts, certain variable rate-demand notes
and repurchase agreements collateralized by government securities). A portion of these investments may be posted as collateral in connection
with swap agreements, futures, and/or forward contracts. The percentage that U.S. Treasury bills and other short-term fixed-income securities
bear to the shareholders equity of each Fund varies from period to period as the market values of the underlying swaps, futures
contracts and forward contracts change. During the year ended December 31, 2022, each of the Funds earned total income
as follows: 

Fund 
 Total Income 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 -1x Short VIX Futures ETF 
 134,777 
 
 2x Long VIX Futures ETF 
 306,187 

Each Fund s underlying swaps, futures, options,
forward contracts and foreign currency forward contracts, as applicable, may be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions,
regulatory considerations and other reasons. For example, swaps and forward contracts are not traded on an exchange, do not have uniform
terms and conditions, and in general are not transferable without the consent of the counterparty. In the case of futures contracts, commodity
exchanges may limit fluctuations in certain futures contract prices during a single day by regulations referred to as daily limits. 
During a single day, no futures trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. Once the price of a futures contract has increased
or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in such futures contracts can neither be taken nor liquidated unless the
traders are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. Futures contract prices have occasionally moved to the daily limit for several
consecutive days with little or no trading. Such market conditions could prevent a Fund from promptly liquidating its futures positions. 

In addition, the Sponsor will seek to minimize
the market impact of rebalances across all exchange traded products based on VIX futures contracts VIX ETPs that
it sponsors on the price of VIX futures contracts by limiting the Funds participation, on any given day, in VIX
futures contracts to no more than 10 of the VIX futures contracts traded on Cboe Futures Exchange, Inc. CFE during
any Rebalance Period, defined as any fifteen minute period of continuous market trading. To limit participation during periods
of market illiquidity, the Sponsor, on any given day, may vary the manner and period over which all VIX ETPs it sponsors are
rebalanced, and as such, the manner and period over which the Funds are rebalanced. The Sponsor believes that a Fund will enter an extended
rebalance period most often during periods of extraordinary market conditions or illiquidity in VIX futures contracts. In the event
that the Fund participates in an extended rebalance period, the Fund represents that it will notify the Exchange and the SEC of such participation
as soon as practicable, but no later than 9:00 a.m. ET on the trading day following the event. 

Entry into swap agreements or forward contracts
may further impact liquidity because these contractual agreements are executed off-exchange between private parties and,
therefore, the time required to offset or unwind these positions may be greater than that for exchange-traded instruments.
This potential delay could be exacerbated to the extent a counterparty is not a United States person. 

The large size of the positions in which a Fund
may acquire increases the risk of illiquidity by both making their positions more difficult to liquidate and increasing the losses incurred
while trying to do so. Any type of disruption or illiquidity will potentially be exacerbated due to the fact that the Funds will typically
invest in Financial Investments related to one benchmark, which in many cases is highly concentrated. 

Because each Fund may enter into swaps and may
trade futures and forward contracts, its capital is at risk due to changes in the value of these contracts (market risk) or the inability
of counterparties to perform under the terms of the contracts (credit risk). 

18 

Market Risk 

Trading in derivatives contracts involves each
Fund entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell a commodity, currency or spot volatility product underlying such Fund s
benchmark at a specified date and price, should it hold such derivative contract into the deliverable period. Should a Fund enter into
a contractual commitment to sell a physical commodity, currency or spot volatility product, it would be required to make delivery of that
commodity, currency or spot volatility product at the contract price and then repurchase the contract at prevailing market prices or settle
in cash. Since the repurchase price to which the value of a commodity, currency or spot volatility product can rise is unlimited, entering
into commitments to sell commodities, currencies or spot volatility products would expose a Fund to theoretically unlimited risk. 

For more information, see Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Credit Risk 

When a Fund enters into swap agreements, futures
contracts or forward contracts, the Fund is exposed to credit risk that the counterparty to the contract will not meet its obligations. 

The counterparty for futures contracts traded on
United States and most foreign futures exchanges as well as certain swaps is the clearing house associated with the particular exchange.
In general, clearing houses are backed by their corporate members who may be required to share in the financial burden resulting from
the nonperformance by one of their members and, as such, should significantly reduce this credit risk. In cases where the clearing house
is not backed by the clearing members (i.e., some foreign exchanges, which may become applicable in the future), it may be backed by a
consortium of banks or other financial institutions. 

Certain swap and forward agreements are contracted
for directly with counterparties. There can be no assurance that any counterparty, clearing member or clearing house will meet its obligations
to a Fund. 

Swap agreements do not generally involve the delivery
of underlying assets either at the outset of a transaction or upon settlement. Accordingly, if the counterparty to an OTC swap agreement
defaults, the Fund s risk of loss typically consists of the net amount of payments that the Fund is contractually entitled to receive,
if any. Swap counterparty risk is generally limited to the amount of any unrealized gains, although in the event of a counterparty bankruptcy,
there could be delays and costs associated with the recovery of collateral posted in segregated tri-party accounts at the Fund s
custodian bank. 

Forward agreements do not involve the delivery
of assets at the onset of a transaction, but may be settled physically in the underlying asset if such contracts are held to expiration,
particularly in the case of currency forwards. Thus, prior to settlement, if the counterparty to a forward contract defaults, a Fund s
risk of loss will generally consist of the net amount of payments that the Fund is contractually entitled to receive, if any. However,
if physically settled forwards are held until expiration (presently, there is no plan to do this), at the time of settlement, a Fund may
be at risk for the full notional value of the forward contracts depending on the type of settlement procedures used. 

The Sponsor attempts to minimize certain of these
market and credit risks by normally: 

executing and clearing trades with creditworthy counterparties,
as determined by the Sponsor; 

limiting the outstanding amounts due from counterparties to
the Funds; 

requiring that the counterparty posts collateral in amounts
approximately equal to that owed to the Funds, as marked to 

market daily, subject to certain minimum thresholds; 

limiting the amount of margin or premium posted at a FCM;
and 

ensuring that deliverable contracts are not held to such a
date when delivery of the underlying asset could be called for. 

19 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 

As of February 28, 2023, the Funds have not
used, nor do they expect to use in the future, special purpose entities to facilitate off-balance sheet financing arrangements and have
no loan guarantee arrangements or off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind other than agreements entered into in the normal course of
business, which may include indemnification provisions related to certain risks service providers undertake in performing services which
are in the best interests of the Funds. While each Fund s exposure under such indemnification provisions cannot be estimated, these
general business indemnifications are not expected to have a material impact on a Fund s financial position. 

Management fee payments made to the Sponsor are
calculated as a fixed percentage of each Fund s NAV. As such, the Sponsor cannot anticipate the payment amounts that will be required
under these arrangements for future periods as NAVs are not known until a future date. The agreement with the Sponsor may be terminated
by either party upon 30 days written notice to the other party. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Preparation of the financial statements and related
disclosures in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires the application of appropriate
accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. The Trust s and the Funds application of these policies involves
judgments and actual results may differ from the estimates used. 

Each Fund has significant exposure to Financial
Instruments. The Funds hold a significant portion of their assets in swaps, futures, forward contracts or foreign currency forward contracts,
all of which are recorded on a trade date basis and at fair value in the financial statements, with changes in fair value reported in
the Statements of Operations. 

The use of fair value to measure Financial Instruments,
with related unrealized gains or losses recognized in earnings in each period, is fundamental to the Trust s and the Funds 
financial statements. The fair value of a Financial Instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (the exit price). 

For financial reporting purposes, the Funds value
investments based upon the closing price in their primary markets. Accordingly, the investment valuations in these financial statements
may differ from those used in the calculation of certain Funds final creation/redemption NAV for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Short-term investments are valued at amortized
cost which approximates fair value for daily NAV purposes. For financial reporting purposes, short-term investments are valued at their
market price using information provided by a third-party pricing service or market quotations. 

Derivatives (e.g., futures contracts, options,
swap agreements, forward agreements and foreign currency forward contracts) are generally valued using independent sources and/or agreements
with counterparties or other procedures as determined by the Sponsor. Futures contracts, except for those entered into by the Gold, Silver,
Australian Dollar and Short Euro Funds, are generally valued at the last settled price on the applicable exchange on which that future
trades. Futures contracts entered into by the Gold, Silver, 

Fair value pricing may require subjective determinations
about the value of an investment. While each Fund s policy is intended to result in a calculation of the Fund s NAV that fairly
reflects investment values as of the time of pricing, the Funds cannot ensure that fair values determined by the Sponsor or persons acting
at their direction would accurately reflect the price that the Fund could obtain for an investment if it were to dispose of that investment
as of the time of pricing (for instance, in a forced or distressed sale). 

The prices used by a Fund may differ from the value
that would be realized if the investments were sold and the differences could be material to the financial statements. 

The Funds disclose the fair value of their investments
in a hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. 

Discounts on short-term securities purchased are
amortized and reflected as Interest Income in the Statements of Operations. 

Realized gains (losses) and changes in unrealized
gain (loss) on open investments are determined on a specific identification basis and recognized in the Statements of Operations in the
period in which the contract is closed or the changes occur, respectively. 

Each Fund pays its respective brokerage commissions,
including applicable exchange fees, NFA fees, give up fees, pit futures account fees and other transaction related fees and expenses charged
in connection with trading activities for each Fund s investment in U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulated investments.
Brokerage commissions on futures contracts are recognized on a half-turn basis. 

20 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

-1x Short VIX Futures ETF 

Fund Performance 

The following table provides summary performance information for the
Fund for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 NAV beginning of period 
 - 
 
 NAV end of period 
 46,378,603 
 
 Percentage change in NAV 
 100 
 
 Shares outstanding beginning of period 
 - 
 
 Shares outstanding end of period 
 3,170,000 
 
 Percentage change in shares outstanding 
 100 
 
 Shares created 
 16,980,000 
 
 Shares redeemed 
 (13,810,000 
 
 Per share NAV beginning of period 
 15.00 
 
 Per share NAV end of period 
 14.63 
 
 Percentage change in per share NAV 
 -2.5 
 
 Percentage change in benchmark 
 5.86 
 
 Benchmark annualized volatility 
 68.53 

The Fund s
inception of operation was March 28, 2022. Neither the Trust nor the Fund had any operations prior to March 28, 2022, other than matters
relating to its organization and the registration of each series under the Securities Act of 1933. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the increase in the Fund s
NAV resulted primarily from the increase of 3,170,000 outstanding Shares during the period. The increase in the Fund s NAV also
resulted in part from the cumulative effect of the Fund seeking daily investment results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to
the performance of the Short Index. 

Net Income/Loss 

The following table provides summary income information for the Fund
for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Year Ended 
December 31, 
2022 
 
 Net investment income (loss) 
 (737,456 
 
 Management fee 
 489,398 
 
 Brokerage commissions / Futures account fees 
 41,169 
 
 Non-recurring fees and expenses 
 341,666 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) 
 16,573,828 
 
 Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 
 1,156,106 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 16,992,478 

The Fund s net income was primarily due to a decrease in the
value of the futures prices during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

21 

Futures Positions as
of December 31, 2022 (1) 

Contract 
 Long or Short 
 Expiration 
 Contracts 
 Valuation Price 
 Contract Multiplier 
 Notional 
Amount at 
 Value 
 
 CBOE VIX FUTURE Jan23 
 Short 
 Jan-23 
 (1,150 
 23.16 
 1,000 
 (26,634,000 
 
 CBOE VIX FUTURE Feb23 
 Short 
 Feb-23 
 (804 
 24.57 
 1,000 
 (19,754,280 

(1) The Fund commenced operations on March 28, 2022. 

The December 31, 2022 futures notional values are calculated
by multiplying the number of contracts held times the valuation price times the contract multiplier. The notional values will increase
(decrease) proportionally with increases (decreases) in the price of the futures contract. Additional gains (losses) associated with these
contracts will be equal to any such subsequent increases (decreases) in notional values, before accounting for spreads or transaction
or financing costs. The Fund will generally attempt to adjust its positions in Financial Instruments each day to match the performance
of the Short Index. Future period returns, before fees and expenses, cannot be estimated simply by estimating the return of the Short
Index. 

2x Long VIX Futures ETF 

Fund Performance 

The following table provides summary performance information for the
Fund for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 NAV beginning of period 
 - 
 
 NAV end of period 
 125,488,766 
 
 Percentage change in NAV 
 100.0 
 
 Shares outstanding beginning of period 
 - 
 
 Shares outstanding end of period 
 21,450,000 
 
 Percentage change in shares outstanding 
 100 
 
 Shares created 
 36,390,000 
 
 Shares redeemed 
 (14,940,000 
 
 Per share NAV beginning of period 
 15.00 
 
 Per share NAV end of period 
 5.85 
 
 Percentage change in per share NAV 
 -61.0 
 
 Percentage change in benchmark 
 -30.1 
 
 Benchmark annualized volatility 
 68.53 

The Fund s
inception of operation was March 28, 2022. Neither the Trust nor the Fund had any operations prior to March 28, 2022, other than matters
relating to its organization and the registration of each series under the Securities Act of 1933. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the increase in the Fund s
NAV resulted primarily from the increase of 21,450,000 outstanding Shares during the period. This increase was partially offset by the
cumulative effect of the Fund seeking daily investment results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to the performance of the Long
Index. 

22 

Net Income/Loss 

The following table provides summary income information for the Fund
for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Net investment income (loss) 
 (1,191,352 
 
 Management fee 
 1,004,754 
 
 Brokerage commissions / Futures account fees 
 43,638 
 
 Non-recurring fees and expenses 
 449,147 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) 
 (67,298,832 
 
 Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 
 (9,203,522 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (77,693,706 

The Fund s net loss was primarily due to a decrease in the value
of the futures prices during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Futures Positions as of December 31, 2022 (1) 
 
 Contract 
 Long or Short 
 Expiration 
 Contracts 
 Valuation Price 
 Contract Multiplier 
 Notional Amount at Value 
 
 CBOE VIX FUTURE Jan23 
 Long 
 Jan-23 
 6,221 
 23.16 
 1,000 
 144,078,360 
 
 CBOE VIX FUTURE Feb23 
 Long 
 Feb-23 
 4,355 
 24.57 
 1,000 
 107,002,350 

(1) The Fund commenced operations
on March 28, 2022. 

The December 31, 2022 futures notional values are calculated
by multiplying the number of contracts held times the valuation price times the contract multiplier. The notional values will increase
(decrease) proportionally with increases (decreases) in the price of the futures contract. Additional gains (losses) associated with these
contracts will be equal to any such subsequent increases (decreases) in notional values, before accounting for spreads or transaction
or financing costs. The Fund will generally attempt to adjust its positions in Financial Instruments each day to match the performance
of the Long Index. Future period returns, before fees and expenses, cannot be estimated simply by estimating the return of the Long Index. 

Qualitative Disclosure 

The primary market risks that the Funds are exposed to depend on each
Fund s investment objective and corresponding benchmark. For example, the primary market risk that SVIX and UVIX are exposed to
are inverse and long exposure, respectively, to the price of certain VIX futures contracts as measured by the return of holding and periodically
rolling such futures contracts. 

23 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Statement of Operations for the three month periods ended March 31,
2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022, and December 31, 2022 and the year ended
December 31, 2022 for each Fund, as applicable. 

-1x Short VIX Futures ETF 

Three Months Ended (Unaudited) 
 Year Ended 

March 31, 
2022 
 June 30, 
2022 
 September 30, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Net investment income (loss) 
 (1,793 
 (242,779 
 (230,841 
 (262,043 
 (737,456 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) 
 (4,078 
 (4,573,052 
 8,077,788 
 13,073,170 
 16,573,828 
 
 Net unrealized gain (loss) 
 (135,277 
 835,808 
 (6,278,300 
 6,733,875 
 1,156,106 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (141,148 
 (3,980,023 
 1,568,647 
 19,545,002 
 16,992,478 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net asset value per share 
 (0.84 
 (3.76 
 (0.06 
 4.29 
 (0.37 

2x Long VIX Futures ETF 

Three Months Ended (Unaudited) 
 Year Ended 

March 31, 
2022 
 June 30, 
2022 
 September 30, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Net investment income (loss) 
 (1,777 
 (180,611 
 (495,723 
 (513,241 
 (1,191,352 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) 
 (454 
 7,528,449 
 (22,686,414 
 (52,140,413 
 (67,298,832 
 
 Net unrealized gain (loss) 
 276,202 
 (256,944 
 20,574,735 
 (29,797,515 
 (9,203,522 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 273,971 
 7,090,894 
 (2,607,402 
 (82,451,169 
 (77,693,706 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net asset value per share 
 1.64 
 0.48 
 (3.25 
 (8.02 
 (9.15 

24 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of the principal executive
officer and principal financial officer of the Trust, Trust management has evaluated the effectiveness of the Trust s and the Funds 
disclosure controls and procedures, and the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the disclosure
controls and procedures of the Trust and the Funds (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act )) were effective, as of December 31, 2022, to provide reasonable assurance that
information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Trust files or submits under the 1934 Act on behalf of the Trust and the
Funds is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
of the Trust as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

The Trust s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting of the Trust and the Funds, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the 1934 Act. The Trust s and the Funds internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of the Trust and the Funds; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Trust s and the Funds 
receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations of management of the Trust on behalf of the
Trust and the Funds; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of the Trust s or the Funds assets that could have a material effect on the Trust s or the Funds 
financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

Management, including the principal executive officer and principal
financial officer of the Trust, assessed the effectiveness of the Trust s and the Funds internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. Their assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Trust s and the Funds internal
control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of their internal control over financial reporting. In making
its assessment, the Trust s management has utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in its report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on their assessment and
those criteria, management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Trust, concluded that the
Trust s and the Funds internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

25 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in the Trust s or the Funds internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Trust s or the Funds internal control over financial reporting. 

Certifications 

The certifications by the Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer of the Trust required by Section 302 and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which are filed or
furnished as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, apply both to the Trust taken as a whole and each Fund, and the Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Trust are certifying both as to the Trust taken as a whole and each Fund. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

Part III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The Sponsor 

Volatility Shares LLC, is the Sponsor of the Trust
and the Funds. As noted above, the Sponsor has exclusive management and control of all aspects of the business of the Funds. The Trustee
has no duty or liability to supervise the performance of the Sponsor, nor will the Trustee have any liability for the acts or omissions
of the Sponsor. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Sponsor serves as the
Trust s commodity pool operator. 

Specifically, with respect to the Trust, the Sponsor: 

Manages and directs the Funds portfolio of Financial
Instruments and other assets, including cash and cash equivalents; 

selects the Funds service providers; 

negotiates various agreements and fees; 

performs such other services as the Sponsor believes that
the Trust may require from time to time; 

selects the FCM and Financial Instrument counterparties, if
any; and 

Oversees the Commodity Sub-Adviser s management of the
Funds portfolio of Financial Instruments and other assets, including cash equivalents. 

The Shares are not deposits or other obligations
of the Sponsor, the Trustee or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates or any other bank, are not guaranteed by the Sponsor,
the Trustee or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates or any other bank and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (the FDIC or any other governmental agency. An investment in the Shares of the Fund offered hereby is speculative
and involves a high degree of risk. 

The principal office of the Sponsor is located at
2000 PGA Boulevard, Suite 4440, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33408. The telephone number of the Sponsor and the Trust is (866) 261-0273. 

26 

Background and Principals 

As of December 31, 2022, Volatility Shares
LLC, the Sponsor, is a limited liability company formed in Delaware on July 25, 2019. The Sponsor was formed for the purpose of sponsoring
volatility-linked exchange-traded funds, of which the Funds are the first. Prior to its engagement as Sponsor of the Funds, the Sponsor
had no operating history. 

The Sponsor currently serves as the commodity pool
operator of the Trust and the Funds. The Sponsor is registered as a commodity pool operator with the CFTC and is a member in good standing
of the NFA. The Sponsor s membership with the NFA was originally approved on October 14, 2019. Its membership with the
NFA is currently effective. The Sponsor s registration as a commodity pool operator was originally approved on October 14,
2019. Its registration as a commodity pool operator is currently effective. As a registered commodity pool operator, with respect to the
Trust, the Sponsor must comply with various regulatory requirements under the CEA, and the rules and regulations of the CFTC and the NFA,
including investor protection requirements, antifraud prohibitions, disclosure requirements, and reporting and recordkeeping requirements.
The NFA approved the Sponsor as a Swaps Firm on October 14, 2019. The Sponsor is also subject to periodic examinations by the CFTC
and NFA staff. Its principal place of business is 2000 PGA Boulevard, Suite 4440, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33408. The telephone number
of the Sponsor and the Trust is (866) 261-0273. The registration of the Sponsor with the CFTC and its membership in the NFA must
not be taken as an indication that either the CFTC or the NFA has recommended or approved the Sponsor, the Trust and the Funds. 

Executive Officers of the Trust and Principals and Significant
Employees of the Sponsor 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Justin Young 

Principal of the Sponsor (since 10/4/2019) 
 Associated Person of the Sponsor (since 12/12/2019) 
 Principal Executive Officer (since 4/8/2021) 
 Principal Financial Officer (since 4/8/2021) 
 Principal Accounting Officer of the Trust (since 4/8/2021) 
 
 Stuart Barton 

Principal of the Sponsor (since 10/2/2019) 
 Associated Person of the Sponsor (since 10/14/2019) 
 Chief Investment Officer (since 4/8/21) 
 
 Chang Kim 

Principal of the Sponsor (since 1/26/2022) 
 Chief Compliance Officer (since 1/26/2022) 
 
 Manzone LLC 
 
 Principal of the Sponsor (since 2/11/2021) 

Denotes principal of the Sponsor who participates in making
trading decisions for the Funds. 

The following is a biographical summary of the business
experience of the executive officers of the Trust and the principals and significant employees of the Sponsor. Of the Principals listed
below, only Justin Young, Stuart Barton and Chang Kim participate in making trading or operational decisions for the Funds or supervise
persons engaged in making trading or operational decisions for the Funds. 

Justin Young holds a BA in American Studies
from Georgetown University. Since April 2017, he has served as Managing Partner of Invest In Vol LLC (overseeing operations at an
investment adviser); from August 2015 to April 2017, he was Vice President of Rex Shares LLC (overseeing product development
at an ETF sponsor); from April 2011 to August 2015 he was Head of Capital Markets for Global X Management Company LLC (overseeing
capital markets operations for an ETF sponsor); and from July 2009 to April 2011 he was an Associate of NYSE Euronext (working
on a number of listing matters for a national securities exchange). 

Stuart Barton holds a PhD in Economic History
from the University of Cambridge, an MBA from the University of Surrey, and a B.Sc in engineering from the University of Cape Town. Since
March 2017, he has served as Managing Partner of Invest In Vol LLC (overseeing operations at an investment adviser); from September 2016
to March 2017 he was Chief Investment Officer of Rex Shares (overseeing investments at an ETF sponsor); from September 2014
to September 2017 he was Managing Partner at Corpus Capital Partners LLC (overseeing operations at a commodity pool operator); from
October 2010 to September 2014 he was a Ph.D. Candidate (completed Ph.D.) at the University of Cambridge, UK; from January 2008
to October 2010 he was unemployed and engaged in travel; from June 2007 to January 2008 he was Senior Equity Derivatives
Trader at HSBC s Hong Kong office (traded derivatives at an investment bank); from September 2004 to June 2007 he
was Senior Equity Derivatives Trader at Barclays Capital PLC in New York (traded derivatives at a broker-dealer); and from August 2001
to September 2004 he was Equity Derivatives Trader at Barclays Capital PLC in London. 

Chang Kim holds a BA in Film Studies from
Yale University. From January 2021 to December 2021, he served as the CEO of The Library Shop, Inc. (overseeing operations at an e-commerce
business); from September 2009 to December 2020, he served as a Portfolio Manager and the COO at Global X Management Company LLC (overseeing
operations at an ETF sponsor). 

Manzone LLC became a Principal of the Sponsor
on February 11, 2021. Manzone LLC has a passive ownership interest in the Sponsor and exercises no management authority over the
Funds. 

27 

Duties of the Sponsor and Indemnification 

The general fiduciary duties which would otherwise
be imposed on the Sponsor (which would make its operation of the Trust as described herein impracticable due to the strict prohibition
imposed by such duties on, for example, conflicts of interest on behalf of a fiduciary in its dealings with its beneficiaries), are replaced
by the terms of the Trust Agreement (to which terms all shareholders, by subscribing to the Shares, are deemed to consent). 

The Trust Agreement provides that the Sponsor and
its affiliates shall have no liability to the Trust or to any shareholder for any loss suffered by the Trust arising out of any action
or inaction of the Sponsor or its affiliates or their respective directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, managers or employees
(the Sponsor Related Parties ), if the Sponsor Related Parties, in good faith, determined that such course of conduct was
in the best interests of the Funds and such course of conduct did not constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct by the Sponsor
Related Parties. The Trust has agreed to indemnify the Sponsor Related Parties against claims, losses or liabilities based on their conduct
relating to the Trust, provided that the conduct resulting in the claims, losses or liabilities for which indemnity is sought did
not constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct and was done in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in the best
interests of the Funds. 

Under Delaware law, a beneficial owner of a statutory
trust (such as a shareholder of the Funds) may, under certain circumstances, institute legal action on behalf of himself and all other
similarly situated beneficial owners (a class action to recover damages for violations of fiduciary duties, or on behalf
of a statutory trust (a derivative action to recover damages from a third party where there has been a failure or refusal
to institute proceedings to recover such damages. In addition, beneficial owners may have the right, subject to certain legal requirements,
to bring class actions in federal court to enforce their rights under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder by the SEC. Beneficial owners who have suffered losses in connection with the purchase or sale of their beneficial interests
may be able to recover such losses from the Sponsor where the losses result from a violation by the Sponsor of the anti-fraud provisions
of the federal securities laws. 

Under certain circumstances, shareholders also have
the right to institute a reparations proceeding before the CFTC against the Sponsor (a registered commodity pool operator), an FCM, as
well as those of their respective employees who are required to be registered under the CEA, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. Private rights of action are conferred by the CEA. Investors in futures and in commodity pools may, therefore, invoke
the protections provided thereunder. 

The foregoing summary describing in general terms
the remedies available to shareholders under federal law is based on statutes, rules and decisions as of the date of this Prospectus.
As this is a rapidly developing and changing area of the law, shareholders who believe that they may have a legal cause of action against
any of the foregoing parties should consult their own counsel as to their evaluation of the status of the applicable law at such time. 

Code of Ethics 

The Trust has adopted a code of ethics Code
of Ethics that applies to its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. A copy of the Code of Ethics can be
obtained, without charge, upon written request to the Sponsor at the following address: VolatilityShares LLC, Attn: Chief Compliance Officer,
2000 PGA Boulevard, Suite 4440, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33408. 

28 

The Commodity Sub-Adviser 

Penserra Capital (the Commodity Sub-Adviser ),
with its principal office at 4 Orinda Way, suite 100-a, Orinda, CA. 94563, serves as the Funds Commodity Sub-Adviser pursuant to
a commodity sub-advisory agreement (the Commodity Sub-Advisory Agreement ). Prior to November 1, 2022, Milliman FRM served
as the Funds commodity sub-adviser. 

The Commodity Sub-Adviser formed in July 2009. It
provides investment advisory services, specializing in ETF sub-advisory serves. The Commodity Sub-Adviser became an NFA member on September
20, 2022 and a registered commodity trading adviser on September 20, 2022. Previously, it was an NFA member from March 29, 2017 through
May 19, 2018, when its membership was withdrawn, and was a commodity trading advisor from April 13, 2017 through May 19, 2018, when its
registration was withdrawn. 

The Commodity Sub-Adviser also provides services
as an investment adviser or sub-adviser or CTA, to mutual funds, exchange-traded funds ETFs ), unit investment trusts UITs ),
funds offered through bank collective investment trusts CITs ), and other exchange-traded products ETPs ).
The strategy exercised for each product is designed to meet a particular investment goal. In the case of sub-advisory services, the primary
adviser to the fund is usually responsible for the selection of underlying investments for the fund, and the Commodity Sub-Adviser manages
strategies for the various funds assets based on the investment goals and objectives as outlined in each of the funds offering
documents. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Commodity Sub-Adviser
manages 100 of the Funds assets. The Commodity Sub-Adviser will be paid by the Sponsor an annual sub-advisory fee of 0.20 based
on each Fund s average daily net assets (total assets of the Fund, minus the sum of its accrued liabilities). The Funds do not directly
pay the Commodity Sub-Adviser. 

The following is a biographical summary of the business
experience of the principals of the Commodity Sub-Adviser. Each of the principals listed below participate in making trading or operational
decisions for the Funds or supervise persons engaged in making trading or operational decisions for the Funds. 

Anthony Castelli joined the Commodity Sub-Adviser
in August 2011 and has served as Chief Compliance Officer since August 2011. In that role, he oversees compliance and risk operations
for Commodity Sub-Adviser. Mr. Kelkar was approved as a principal on September 9, 2022. 

Dustin Allen Lewellyn joined the Commodity
Sub-Adviser in September 2014 as a Managing Director. In that role he oversees equity and commodity interest trading. Mr. Lewellyn
was approved as a principal on September 9, 2022. 

George Madrigal joined the Commodity Sub-Adviser
in August 2009 as President and Chief Operating Officer. In that role, he manages and oversees the operations of the Commodity Sub-Adviser.
He also has served as President of Penserra Securities LLC since December 2007. Mr. Madrigal was approved as a principal on September
9, 2022. 

Lee Wilson Geiger joined the Commodity Sub-Adviser
in September 2014 as a Managing Director. In that role, he oversees equity and commodity interest trading. Mr. Lewellyn was approved as
a principal on August 29, 2022, became registered as an associated person on September 20, 2022, and was approved as an NFA associate
member on September 20, 2022. 

29 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The Funds have no employees or directors and are
managed by the Sponsor. None of the officers of the Trust, or the members or officers of the Sponsor receive compensation from the Funds. 

SVIX pays the Sponsor a management fee (the Management
Fee ), monthly in arrears, in an amount equal to 1.35 per annum of its average daily net assets. UVIX pays the Sponsor a Management
Fee, monthly in arrears, in an amount equal to 1.65 per annum of its average daily net assets. Average daily net assets 
is calculated by dividing the month-end net assets of each Fund by the number of calendar days in such month. 

No other Management Fee is paid by the Funds. The
Management Fee is paid in consideration of the Sponsor s trading advisory services and the other services provided to the Fund that
the Sponsor pays directly. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the following
represents Management Fees earned by the Sponsor: 

Fund 
 Amount 
 
 -1x Short VIX Futures ETF 
 489,398 
 
 2x Long VIX Futures ETF 
 1,004,754 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Not applicable. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. 

Not applicable. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

(1) to (4). Fees for services performed by Tait, Weller 
Baker, LLP Tait Weller and PricewaterCoopers (PwC) for the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 
 SVIX 

Audit Fees 
 17,962 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 91,905 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 

109,867 
 
 UVIX 

Audit Fees 
 17,962 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 169,470 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 

187,432 

Combined Trust: 
 297,299 

Audit fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 consist of fees
paid to Tait Weller for the audit of the Funds December 31, 2022 annual financial statements included in the Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the review of the financial statements included in each Form 10-Q,
and for the audits of financial statements included with registration statements. Tax fees include certain
tax compliance and reporting services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers PwC to the Trust, including processing beneficial
ownership information as it relates to the preparation of tax reporting packages and the subsequent delivery of related information to
the IRS. Services also include assistance with tax reporting and related information using a web-based tax package product developed by
PwC and a toll-free tax package support help line. 

(5) The Sponsor approved all of the services provided by Tait Weller and PwC described above. The
 Sponsor pre-approves all audit and allowed non-audit services of the Trust s independent registered public accounting firm,
 including all engagement fees and terms. 

30 

Part IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

Financial Statement Schedules 

See the Index to Financial Statements for a list of the financial statements
being filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Schedules may have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable,
or the information has otherwise been included. 

Exhibit
 No. 

Description of Document 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Trust 
 
 4.1 
 
 Trust Agreement 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Authorized Participant Agreement 
 
 4.3 
 
 Description of Shares 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Sponsor Agreement 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Transfer Agency Services Agreement 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Custodian Agreement 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Marketing Agent Agreement 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Futures Account Agreement 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Administration Servicing Agreement 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Sub-Administration Servicing Agreement 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Fund Accounting Servicing Agreement 
 
 10.9 
 
 Commodity Sub-Advisory Agreement 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer of the Trust Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer of the Trust Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer of the Trust Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer of the Trust Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Incorporated by reference to the Trust s Registration Statement,
filed on January 6, 2022. 

Incorporated by reference to the Trust s Registration Statement,
filed on August 26, 2020 

Incorporated by reference to the Trust s Registration Statement,
filed on September, 26, 2022. 

Included herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

31 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

VS TRUST 

/s/ Justin Young 

By: 
 Justin Young 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March 28, 2023 

/s/ Justin Young 

By: 
 Justin Young 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

Date: 
 March 28, 2023 

32 

VS
TRUST 

Financial
Statements as of December 31, 2022 

Index 

Documents Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB number: F-2 Statements of Financial Condition, Schedule of Investments, Statements of Operations, Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity and Statements of Cash Flows: -1x Short VIX Futures ETF F-3 2x Long VIX Futures ETF F-8 Notes to Financial Statements F-17 

F- 1 

taitweller.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To Management of the Trust s Sponsor of 

VS Trust 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying combined statement
of financial condition of VS Trust as of December 31, 2022, and the related combined statements of operations, changes in net assets,
and cash flows for the period March 28, 2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the combined financial statements ). In our opinion, the combined financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the combined financial position of the Trust as of December 31, 2022, and the results of their combined operations,
combined changes in net assets, and combined cash flows for the period March 28, 2022 through December 31 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America 

We have also audited the accompanying statements
of financial condition of -1x Short VIX Futures ETF and 2x Long VIX Futures ETF (the Funds ), each a series of VS Trust,
including the schedules of investments as of December 31, 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in net assets, cash
flows and the financial highlights for the period March 28, 2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022 and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Funds as of December 31, 2022, and the results of their operations, changes in net
assets, cash flows and financial highlights for the period March 28, 2022 through December 31 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America 

Basis for Opinion 

These combined financial statements and financial
statements are the responsibility of the management of the Trust s sponsor. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Trust s
combined financial statements and the Funds financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Trust and the Funds in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We have served as the auditor of the Trust and the Funds since 2022. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the combined
financial statements and financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Trust and the Funds
are not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of their internal control over financial reporting. As part of our
audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trust s and Funds internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the combined financial statements and financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the combined financial statements and financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the combined financial statements and financial
statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 by correspondence with the custodian and
brokers. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

March 27, 2023 

F- 2 

-1x
SHORT VIX FUTURES ETF 

STATEMENT
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

DECEMBER 31,
2022 

ASSETS 

Cash 

Interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Deposit at Broker for Futures 

Other receivable 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Variation margin payable 

Fund shares redeemed 

Management fees payable 

Administrative, accounting and custodian fees payable 

Professional fees payable 

Licensing and registration fees payable 

Total Liabilities 

Net Assets 

NET ASSETS CONSIST OF: 

Paid-in capital 

Total distributable earnings (accumulated deficit) 

Net Assets 

NET ASSET VALUE: 

Class I (unlimited shares authorized): 

Net Assets 

Shares Outstanding 

Net Asset Value, Offering and Redemption Price per Share 

Market Value per Share (Note 2) 

No
par value 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 3 

-1x
SHORT VIX FUTURES ETF 

SCHEDULE
OF INVESTMENTS 

DECEMBER 31,
2022 

Cash - (a) 

Other assets in excess of liabilities - (a) 

TOTAL NET ASSETS - 

(a) 

-1x SHORT VIX FUTURES ETF 

SHORT FUTURES CONTRACTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Contract 
 Expiration Date 
 Number of Contracts 
 Notional Amount at Value 
 Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 
 CBOE VIX FUTURE Jan23 

CBOE VIX FUTURE Feb23 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 4 

-1x
SHORT VIX FUTURES ETF 

STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS 

FOR
THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 (1) 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

Income: 

Dividends 

Interest income 

Other income 

Total Income 

Expenses: 

Management fees 

Administrative, accounting and custodian fees 

Professional fees 

Licensing and registration fees 

Broker interest expense 

Total Expenses 

Net Investment loss 

REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN ON INVESTMENTS AND FUTURES CONTRACTS 

Net realized gain on: 

Short Term Investments 

Futures 

Net change in unrealized appreciation of: 

Short Term Investments 
 -

Futures 

Net realized and unrealized gain on investments and futures contracts 

NET INCREASE IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 

(1) 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 5 

-1x
SHORT VIX FUTURES ETF 

STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

FOR
THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 (1) 

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS: 

OPERATIONS 

Net investment loss 

Net realized gain on investments and futures contracts 

Net change in unrealized appreciation of investments and futures contracts 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

CAPITAL SHARE TRANSACTIONS 

Shares sold 

Shares redeemed 

Net increase in net assets
 from capital share transactions 

Total increase in net assets 

NET ASSETS 

Beginning of Period 
 -

End of Period # 

(1) 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 6 

- 1x
SHORT VIX FUTURES ETF 

STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

PERIOD
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 (1) 

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Purchase of investments 

Proceeds from sales or maturities of investments held 

Decrease (Increase) in Deposits at broker for futures contracts 

Decrease (Increase) in Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Decrease (Increase) in interest receivable 

Decrease (Increase) in other receivables 

Increase (Decrease) in Variation margin payable 

Increase (Decrease) in Payable to Sponsor 

Increase (Decrease) in Administrative, accounting and custodian fees payable 

Increase (Decrease) in Professional fees payable 

Increase (Decrease) in Licensing and registration fees payable 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from shares sold, net of cost from shares purchased 

Cost of shares redeemed 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

Beginning of Period 
 -

End of Period # 

(1) 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 7 

2x
LONG VIX FUTURES ETF 

STATEMENT
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

DECEMBER 31,
2022 

ASSETS 

Cash 
 -

Investments in securities, at value 

Interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Receivable for shares sold 

Deposit at Broker for Futures 

Variation margin receivable 

Other receivable 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Management fees payable 

Administrative, accounting and custodian fees payable 

Professional fees payable 

Licensing and registration fees payable 

Total Liabilities 

Net Assets 

NET ASSETS CONSIST OF: 

Paid-in capital 

Total distributable earnings (accumulated deficit) 

Net Assets 

NET ASSET VALUE: 

Class I (unlimited shares authorized): 

Net Assets 

Shares Outstanding 

Net Asset Value, Offering and Redemption Price per Share 

Market Value per Share (Note 2) 

Investments in securities, at cost 

No par value 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 8 

2x
LONG VIX FUTURES ETF 
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

SHORT
TERM INVESTMENT - 6.6 

Money
Market Fund - 6.6 

8,250,285 
 First American Government Obligations Fund, 4.11 (a) 
 8,250,285 

TOTAL SHORT TERM INVESTMENT (Cost 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS (Cost 8,250,285) - 

Other assets in excess of liabilities - (b) 

TOTAL NET ASSETS - 

Percentages
are stated as a percent of net assets. 

(a) 

(b) 

2x LONG VIX FUTURES ETF 

LONG FUTURES CONTRACTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Contract 
 Expiration Date 
 Number of 
 Contracts 
 Notional 
 Amount at 
 Value 
 Unrealized 
 Appreciation 
 (Depreciation) 
 
 CBOE VIX FUTURES Jan23 

CBOE VIX FUTURES Feb23 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 9 

2x
LONG VIX FUTURES ETF 

STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS 

FOR
THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 (1) 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

Income: 

Dividends 

Interest income 

Other income 

Total Income 

Expenses: 

Management fees 

Administrative, accounting and custodian fees 

Professional fees 

Licensing and registration fees 

Broker interest expense 

Total Expenses 

Net Investment loss 

REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENTS AND FUTURES CONTRACTS 

Net realized gain (loss) on: 

Short Term Investments 

Futures 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of: 

Short Term Investments 
 -

Futures 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments and futures contracts 

NET DECREASE IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 

(1) The
Fund commenced operations on March 28, 2022. 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 10 

2x LONG VIX FUTURES ETF 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

FOR THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 (1) 

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS: 

OPERATIONS 

Net investment loss 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments and futures contracts 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments and futures contracts 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

CAPITAL SHARE TRANSACTIONS 

Shares sold 

Shares redeemed 

Net
 increase in net assets from capital share transactions 

Total increase in net assets 

NET ASSETS 

Beginning of Period 
 -

End of Period # 

(1) The
Fund commenced operations on March 28, 2022. 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 11 

2x
LONG VIX FUTURES ETF 

STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

PERIOD
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 (1) 

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Purchase of investments 

Proceeds from sales or maturities of investments held 

Decrease (Increase) in Deposits at broker for futures contracts 

Decrease (Increase) in Variation margin receivable 

Decrease (Increase) in Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Decrease (Increase) in interest receivable 

Decrease (Increase) in other receivables 

Increase (Decrease) in Payable to Sponsor 

Increase (Decrease) in Administrative, accounting and custodian fees payable 

Increase (Decrease) in Professional fees payable 

Increase (Decrease) in Licensing and registration fees payable 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from shares sold, net of cost from shares purchased 

Cost of shares redeemed 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 
 -

Beginning of Period 
 -

End of Period 
 -

(1) The Fund commenced operations on March 28, 2022. 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 12 

VS
TRUST 

COMBINED
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL CONDITION (1) 

DECEMBER 31,
2022 

ASSETS 

Cash 

Investments in securities, at value 

Interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Receivable for shares sold 

Deposit at Broker for Futures 

Variation margin receivable 

Other receivable 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Variation margin payable 

Fund shares redeemed 

Management fees payable 

Administrative, accounting and custodian fees payable 

Professional fees payable 

Licensing and registration fees payable 

Total Liabilities 

Net Assets 

NET ASSETS CONSIST OF: 

Paid-in capital 

Total distributable earnings (accumulated deficit) 

Net Assets # 

NET ASSET VALUE: 

Class I (unlimited shares authorized): 

Net Assets 

Shares Outstanding 

Investments in securities, at cost 

(1) The fund commenced operations
on March 28, 2022 

No par value 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 13 

VS
TRUST 

COMBINED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

FOR
THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 (1) 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

Income: 

Dividends 

Interest income 

Other income 

Total Income 

Expenses: 

Management fees 

Administrative, accounting and custodian fees 

Professional fees 

Licensing and registration fees 

Broker interest expense 

Total Expenses 

Net
 Investment loss 

REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENTS AND FUTURES CONTRACTS 

Net realized gain (loss) on: 

Short Term Investments 

Futures 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of: 

Short Term Investments 
 -

Futures 

Net
 realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments and futures contracts 

NET DECREASE IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 

(1) The Funds commenced operations on March 28, 2022. 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 14 

VS
TRUST 

COMBINED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

FOR
THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 (1) 

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS: 

OPERATIONS 

Net investment loss 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments and futures contracts 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments and futures contracts 

Net decrease
 in net assets resulting from operations 

CAPITAL SHARE TRANSACTIONS 

Shares sold 

Shares redeemed 

Net
 increase in net assets from capital share transactions 

Total
 increase in net assets 

NET ASSETS 

Beginning of Period 
 -

End of Period 

(1) The Funds commenced operations on March 28, 2022. 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 15 

VS
TRUST 

COMBINED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR
THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 (1) 

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Purchase of investments 

Proceeds from sales or maturities of investments held 

Decrease (Increase) in Deposits at broker for futures contracts 

Decrease (Increase) in Variation margin receivable 

Decrease (Increase) in Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Decrease (Increase) in interest receivable 

Decrease (Increase) in other receivables 

Increase (Decrease) in Variation margin payable 

Increase (Decrease) in Payable to Sponsor 

Increase (Decrease) in Administrative, accounting and custodian fees payable 

Increase (Decrease) in Professional fees payable 

Increase (Decrease) in Licensing and registration fees payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from shares sold, net of cost from shares purchased 

Cost of shares redeemed 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

Beginning of Period 
 -

End of Period 

(1) The Funds commenced operations on March 28, 2022. 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 16 

VS Trust 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2022 

billion (subject to adjustment for inflation) or more, (3) the
date on which the Fund has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than billion in non-convertible debt
securities and (4) as of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of common equity held by non-affiliates exceeded
 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. 

F- 17 

2x Long VIX Futures ETF 

F- 18 

2x Long VIX Futures ETF 

Total Trust 

and , for SVIX and UVIX, respectively, of each Fund s average net assets annually. 

F- 19 

F- 20 

F- 21 

F- 22 

2x Long VIX Futures ETF 

Total Trust 

2x Long VIX Futures ETF 

Total Trust 

F- 23 

The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the
Statement of Operations 

For the three months ended December 31, 2022 

- 

2x Long VIX Futures ETF 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

F- 24 

- 
 - 

2x Long VIX Futures ETF 
 
 - 
 - 

per annum of its average daily net assets. UVIX pays the Sponsor
a Management Fee, monthly in arrears, in an amount equal to per annum of its average daily net assets. Average
daily net assets is calculated by dividing the month-end net assets of each Fund by the number of calendar days in such month. 

based on each Fund s
average daily net assets (total assets of the Fund, minus the sum of its accrued liabilities). The commodity sub-advisory fee is waived
for the first 6 months of each Fund s operations or until a Fund reaches million in average daily net assets. The
Funds do not directly pay the Commodity Sub-Adviser. 

F- 25 

Shares of a Fund. Creation Units
may be created or redeemed only by Authorized Participants. 

of the value of each order they place with each order to create or redeem a Creation Unit in order to compensate the Administrator, the
Custodian and the Transfer Agent of each Fund and its Shares, for services in processing the creation and redemption of Creation Units
and to offset the costs of increasing or decreasing derivative positions, unless the transaction fee is waived or otherwise adjusted by
the Sponsor. The Sponsor provides such Authorized Participant with prompt notice in advance of any such waiver or adjustment of the transaction
fee. Authorized Participants may sell the Shares included in the Creation Units they purchase from the Funds to other investors in the
secondary market. 

2x Long VIX Futures ETF 

Total Trust 

F- 26 

VS Trust 

Financial Highlights 

Net investment loss per share (2) 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investments and Futures Contracts (3) 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Asset Value Resulting from Operations 

Net Asset Value, End of Period 

Market Value Per Share, at December 31, 2022 (4) 

Total Return at Net Asset Value (5) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Total Return at Market Value (5) 
 ) 
 ) 

Ratios to Average Net Assets: (6) 

Expense ratio (7) 

Net Investment Loss 
 ) 
 ) 

F- 27 

F- 28 

F- 29 

at any point in the day could result in the total
loss or almost total loss of an investor s investment if that movement is contrary to the investment objective of the Fund in which
an investor has invested, even if such Fund s benchmark subsequently moves in an opposite direction, eliminating all or a portion
of the movement. This would be the case with downward single-day or intraday movements in the underlying benchmark of a Fund or upward
single-day or intraday movements in the benchmark of a Fund, even if the underlying benchmark maintains a level greater than zero at all
times. 

F- 30 

F-31 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-3_vstrust.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST

DESCRIPTION
OF SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST 

The following summary describes in brief the shares
of beneficial interest Shares in each of the two series Funds of VS Trust (the Trust and
certain aspects of the operation of the Trust, the Funds. Prospective investors should carefully review the Trust Agreement filed as an
exhibit to the annual report on Form 10-K and consult with their own advisors concerning the implications to such prospective investors
of investing in a series of a Delaware statutory trust. Capitalized terms used in this section and not otherwise defined shall have such
meanings assigned to them under the annual report on Form 10-K. 

Description of the Shares 

The Funds issue common units of beneficial interest,
or Shares, which represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Funds. 

The Shares may be purchased from the Funds or redeemed
on a continuous basis, but only by Authorized Participants and only in blocks of Shares Creation Units ). Individual Shares
may not be purchased or redeemed from the Funds. Shareholders that are not Authorized Participants may not purchase or redeem any Shares
or Creation Units from the Funds. 

The Funds 

The Funds are separate series of the Trust. The
Trust is formed and operated in a manner such that each Fund is liable only for obligations attributable to that Fund and shareholders
of each Fund are not subject to the losses or liabilities of the other Fund, or any other series of the Trust. If any creditor or shareholder
in a Fund asserted against the Fund a valid claim with respect to its indebtedness or Shares, the creditor or shareholder would only be
able to recover money from that particular Fund and its assets. Accordingly, the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses, or collectively,
claims, incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing solely with respect to the Fund are enforceable only against the assets of the
Fund, and not against any other series of the Trust or the Trust generally, or any of their respective assets. The assets of a Fund include
only those funds and other assets that are paid to, held by or distributed to the Fund on account of and for the benefit of the Fund,
including, without limitation, funds delivered to the Trust for the purchase of Shares or Creation Units in the Fund. This limitation
on liability is referred to as the Inter-Series Limitation on Liability. The Inter-Series Limitation on Liability
is expressly provided for under the DSTA, which provides that if certain conditions (as set forth in Section 3804(a)) are met, then
the debts of any particular series will be enforceable only against the assets of such series and not against the assets of any other
series of the Trust or the Trust generally. 

The Trustee 

Wilmington Trust Company, a Delaware trust company,
is the sole Trustee of the Trust. The rights and duties of the Trustee and the Sponsor with respect to the offering of the Shares and
Fund management and the shareholders are governed by the provisions of the DSTA and by the Trust Agreement. The Trustee will accept service
of legal process on the Trust in the State of Delaware and will make certain filings under the DSTA. The Trustee does not owe any
other duties to the Trust, the Sponsor or the shareholders of the Funds. The Trustee s principal offices are located at 1100 North
Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890. The Trustee is unaffiliated with the Sponsor. 

The Trustee is permitted to resign upon at least
sixty (60) days notice to the Trust, provided , that any such resignation will not be effective until a successor Trustee
is appointed by the Sponsor. The Trustee is compensated by a Fund, as appropriate, and is indemnified by the Fund, as appropriate, against
any expenses it incurs relating to or arising out of the formation, operation or termination of the Fund, as appropriate, or the performance
of its duties pursuant to the Trust Agreement, except to the extent that such expenses result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of the Trustee. The Sponsor has the discretion to replace the Trustee. 

Only the assets of the Trust and the Sponsor are
subject to issuer liability under the federal securities laws for the information contained in this Prospectus and under federal securities
laws with respect to the issuance and sale of the Shares. Under such laws, neither the Trustee, either in its capacity as Trustee or in
its individual capacity, nor any director, officer or controlling person of the Trustee is, or has any liability as, the issuer or a director,
officer or controlling person of the issuer of the Shares. The Trustee s liability in connection with the issuance and sale of the
Shares is limited solely to the express obligations of the Trustee set forth in the Trust Agreement. 

Under the Trust Agreement, the Sponsor has exclusive
management and control of all aspects of the Trust s business. The Trustee has no duty or liability to supervise the performance
of the Sponsor, nor will the Trustee have any liability for the acts or omissions of the Sponsor. The shareholders have no voice in the day-to-day
management of the business and operations of a Fund and the Trust, other than certain limited voting rights as set forth in the Trust
Agreement. In the course of its management of the business and affairs of a Fund and the Trust, the Sponsor may, in its sole and absolute
discretion, appoint an affiliate or affiliates of the Sponsor as additional sponsors and retain such persons, including affiliates of
the Sponsor, as it deems necessary to effectuate and carry out the purposes, business and objectives of the Trust. 

Because the Trustee has no authority over the Trust s
operations, the Trustee itself is not registered in any capacity with the CFTC. 

Shares Freely Transferable 

The Shares of the Funds are listed for trading on
the Exchange and provide institutional and retail investors with direct access to the Funds. Each Fund s Shares may be bought and
sold on Cboe BZX Exchange (the Exchange like any other exchange-listed security. 

Book-Entry Form 

Individual certificates will not be issued for the
Shares. Instead, global certificates are deposited by the Trust with DTC and registered in the name of Cede Co., as nominee
for DTC. The global certificates evidence all of the Shares outstanding at any time. Under the Trust Agreement, shareholders are
limited to (1) participants in DTC such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies DTC Participants ), (2) those
who maintain, either directly or indirectly, a custodial relationship with a DTC Participant Indirect Participants ), and
(3) those banks, brokers, dealers, trust companies and others who hold interests in the Shares through DTC. 

The Shares are only transferable through the book-entry
system of DTC. Shareholders who are not DTC Participants may transfer their Shares through DTC by instructing the DTC Participant
holding their Shares (or by instructing the Indirect Participant or other entity through which their Shares are held) to transfer the
Shares. Transfers are made in accordance with standard securities industry practice. 

Distributions 

The Sponsor does not expect to make distributions.
Depending on a Fund s performance and an investor s own tax situation, an investor s income tax liability for his, her
or its allocable share of the Fund s net ordinary income or loss and capital gain or loss may exceed the capital gains an investor
may realize from selling his, her or its Shares of the Fund in a taxable year. 

Buying and Selling Shares 

Most investors buy and sell Shares in secondary
market transactions through brokers. Shares of each Fund trade on the Exchange under the ticker symbol listed in this Prospectus. Shares
are bought and sold throughout the trading day like other publicly traded securities. When buying or selling Shares through a broker,
most investors incur customary brokerage commissions and charges. 

Authorized Participants 

Each Fund continuously offers Shares in Creation
Units to Authorized Participants. Shares of a Fund are to be offered to Authorized Participants in Creation Units at the Fund s
NAV. 

Authorized Participants may offer to the public,
from time to time, Shares of a Fund from any Creation Units they create. Shares of a Fund offered to the public by Authorized Participants
are offered at a per Share market price that varies depending on, among other factors, the trading price of the Shares of a Fund on the
Exchange, the NAV per Share and the supply of and demand for the Shares at the time of the offer. Shares initially comprising the same
Creation Unit but offered by Authorized Participants to the public at different times may have different offering prices. Additionally,
the price at which an Authorized Participant sells a Share may be higher or lower than the price paid by such Authorized Participant in
connection with the creation of such Share in a Creation Unit. 

Authorized Participants do not receive from a Fund,
the Sponsor or any of their affiliates, any fee or other compensation in connection with their sale of Shares to the public, although
investors are expected to be charged a customary commission by their brokers in connection with the purchase and sale of Shares that varies
from investor to investor. Investors are encouraged to review the terms of their brokerage accounts for applicable charges. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_vstrust.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Justin Young, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of VS Trust; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Justin Young 

Name: 
 Justin Young 

Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer 

VS Trust 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_vstrust.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Justin Young, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of VS Trust; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Justin Young 

Name: 
 Justin Young 

Title: 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

VS Trust 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_vstrust.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of VS Trust (the Registrant and each of its series, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Justin Young, the Principal Executive
Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Justin Young 

Name: 
 Justin Young 

Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer 

VS Trust 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_vstrust.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of VS Trust (the Registrant and each of its series, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Justin Young, the Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Justin Young 

Name: 
 Justin Young 

Title: 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

VS Trust 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cik0001793497-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 cik0001793497-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cik0001793497-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cik0001793497-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cik0001793497-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

