<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_879101_0001437749-23-004541.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>53171380</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1133588</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5158566</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>24617276</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8474241</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>11971462</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-004541.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224161921
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-004541
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		188
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KIMCO REALTY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000879101
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				132744380
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10899
		FILM NUMBER:		23667582

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 NORTH BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201, P.O. BOX 9010
		CITY:			JERICHO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11753
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(516) 869-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 NORTH BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			JERICHO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11753

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kimco Realty OP, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001959472
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-269102-01
		FILM NUMBER:		23667583

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 NORTH BROADWAY, SUITE 201
		CITY:			JERICHO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11753
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(516) 869-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 NORTH BROADWAY, SUITE 201
		CITY:			JERICHO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11753

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-004541.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 kim20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

kim20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 
 Commission file number (Kimco Realty Corporation) 
 Commission file number (Kimco Realty OP, LLC) 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (Kimco Realty Corporation) (Kimco Realty OP, LLC) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Kimco Realty Corporation 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Kimco Realty OP, LLC 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 None N/A N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Kimco Realty Corporation No Kimco Realty OP, LLC No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Kimco Realty Corporation Yes Kimco Realty OP, LLC Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Kimco Realty Corporation No Kimco Realty OP, LLC No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 Kimco Realty Corporation No Kimco Realty OP, LLC No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Kimco Realty Corporation: 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

Kimco Realty OP, LLC: 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Kimco Realty Corporation Kimco Realty OP, LLC 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Kimco Realty Corporation Kimco Realty OP, LLC 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Kimco Realty Corporation Yes No Kimco Realty OP, LLC Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of Kimco Realty Corporation was approximately billion based upon the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange for such equity on June 30, 2022. 
 
 (APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 
 As of February 10, 2023, Kimco Realty Corporation had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Part III incorporates certain information by reference to the Kimco Realty Corporation's definitive proxy statement to be filed with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on April 25, 2023. 
 
 Index to Exhibits begins on page 46. 

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION 
 KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 EXPLANATORY NOTE 

Prior to January 1, 2023, the business of Kimco Realty Corporation (the Company was conducted through a predecessor entity also known as Kimco Realty Corporation (the Predecessor ). On December 14, 2022, the Predecessor s Board of Directors approved the entry into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the UPREIT Merger with the company formerly known as New KRC Corp., which was a Maryland corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Predecessor (the Parent Company ), and KRC Merger Sub Corp., which was a Maryland corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent Company Merger Sub ), to effect the reorganization (the Reorganization of the Predecessor s business into an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust, or UPREIT . 

On January 1, 2023, pursuant to the UPREIT Merger, Merger Sub merged with and into the Predecessor, with the Predecessor continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent Company, and each outstanding share of capital stock of the Predecessor was converted into one equivalent share of capital stock of the Parent Company (each of which has continued to trade under their respective existing ticker symbol with the same rights, powers and limitations that existed immediately prior to the Reorganization). 
 
 In connection with the Reorganization, the Parent Company changed its name to Kimco Realty Corporation, and replaced the Predecessor as the New York Stock Exchange-listed public company. Effective as of January 3, 2023, the Predecessor converted into a limited liability company, organized in the State of Delaware, known as Kimco Realty OP, LLC, the entity we refer to herein as Kimco OP . 
 
 Following the Reorganization, substantially all of the Company s assets are held by, and substantially all of the Company s operations are conducted through, Kimco OP (either directly or through its subsidiaries), as the Company s operating company, and the Company is the managing member of Kimco OP. The officers and directors of the Company are the same as the officers and directors of the Predecessor immediately prior to the Reorganization. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K or Annual Report pertains to the business and results of operations of the Predecessor for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Company and Kimco OP have elected to co-file such Annual Report of the Predecessor to ensure continuity of information to investors. 
 
 For additional information on our Reorganization, please see our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 3, 2023 and January 4, 2023. 
 
 Throughout this Annual Report, unless the context requires otherwise: 

the Company, we, our, us or refer to: 

for the period prior to January 1, 2023 (the period preceding the UPREIT Merger), the Predecessor and its business and operations conducted through its directly or indirectly owned subsidiaries; 

for the period on or after January 1, 2023, (the period from and following the UPREIT Merger), the Parent Company and its business and operations conducted through its directly or indirectly owned subsidiaries, including Kimco OP; and 

in statements regarding qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT ), such terms refer solely to the Predecessor or Parent Company, as applicable. 

Kimco OP refers to Kimco Realty OP, LLC, our operating company following the UPREIT Merger. 

References to shares and shareholders refer to the shares and stockholders of the Predecessor prior to January 1, 2023 and of the Parent Company on or after January 1, 2023, and not the limited liability company interests of Kimco OP. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item No . 
 
 Form 10-K Report Page 

PART I 
 3 

Item 1. Business 
 3 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 

Item 2. Properties 
 21 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 23 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART II 
 24 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 

Item 6. Reserved 
 25 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 42 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 42 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 43 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 43 

PART III 
 44 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 44 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 44 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 44 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 44 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 44 

PART IV 
 45 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 45 

2

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This annual report on Form 10-K Form 10-K ), together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by the Company contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Company intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and includes this statement for purposes of complying with the safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe the Company s future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words believe, expect, intend, commit, anticipate, estimate, project, will, target, forecast or similar expressions. You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which, in some cases, are beyond the Company s control and could materially affect actual results, performances or achievements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, (i) general adverse economic and local real estate conditions, (ii) the impact of competition, including the availability of acquisition or development opportunities and the costs associated with purchasing and maintaining assets; (iii) the inability of major tenants to continue paying their rent obligations due to bankruptcy, insolvency or a general downturn in their business, (iv) the reduction in the Company s income in the event of multiple lease terminations by tenants or a failure of multiple tenants to occupy their premises in a shopping center, (v) the potential impact of e-commerce and other changes in consumer buying practices, and changing trends in the retail industry and perceptions by retailers or shoppers, including safety and convenience, (vi) the availability of suitable acquisition, disposition, development and redevelopment opportunities, and risks related to acquisitions not performing in accordance with our expectations, (vii) the Company s ability to raise capital by selling its assets, (viii) disruptions and increases in operating costs due to inflation and supply chain issues, (ix) risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial properties, including risks associated with the development and ownership of non-retail real estate, (x) changes in governmental laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, changes in data privacy, environmental (including climate change), safety and health laws, and management s ability to estimate the impact of such changes, (xi) valuation and risks related to the Company s joint venture and preferred equity investments and other investments, (xii) valuation of marketable securities and other investments, including the shares of Albertsons Companies, Inc. common stock held by the Company, (xiii) impairment charges, (xiv) criminal cybersecurity attacks disruption, data loss or other security incidents and breaches, (xv) impact of natural disasters and weather and climate-related events, (xvi) pandemics or other health crises, such as coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 ), (xvii) our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel, (xviii) financing risks, such as the inability to obtain equity, debt or other sources of financing or refinancing on favorable terms to the Company, (xix) the level and volatility of interest rates and management s ability to estimate the impact thereof, (xx) changes in the dividend policy for the Company s common and preferred stock and the Company s ability to pay dividends at current levels, (xxi) unanticipated changes in the Company s intention or ability to prepay certain debt prior to maturity and/or hold certain securities until maturity, and (xxii) the Company s ability to continue to maintain its status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and potential risks and uncertainties in connection with its UPREIT structure, and (xxiii) the other risks and uncertainties identified under Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in the Company s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Accordingly, there is no assurance that the Company s expectations will be realized. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised to refer to any further disclosures the Company makes or related subjects in the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K that the Company files with the SEC. 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Company is North America s largest publicly traded owner and operator of open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers, and a growing portfolio of mixed-use assets. The Company s mission is to create destinations for everyday living that inspire a sense of community and deliver value to our many stakeholders. 
 
 The Company began operations through its predecessor, The Kimco Corporation, which was organized in 1966 upon the contribution of several shopping center properties owned by its principal stockholders. In 1973, these principals formed the Company as a Delaware corporation, and, in 1985, the operations of The Kimco Corporation were merged into the Company. The Company completed its initial public stock offering (the IPO in November 1991, and, commencing with its taxable year which began January 1, 1992, elected to qualify as a REIT in accordance with Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). To qualify as a REIT, the Company must meet several organizational and operational requirements, and is required to annually distribute at least 90 of its net taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. In addition, the Company will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it distributes less than 100 of its net taxable income, including any net capital gains. In January of 2023, the Company consummated the Reorganization into an UPREIT structure as described in the Explanatory Note at the beginning of this Annual Report. If, as the Company believes, it is organized and operates in such a manner so as to qualify and remain qualified as a REIT under the Code, the Company, generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, provided that distributions to its stockholders equal at least the amount of its REIT taxable income, as defined in the Code. The Company maintains certain subsidiaries that made joint elections with the Company to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ), that permit the Company to engage through such TRSs in certain business activities that the REIT may not conduct directly. A TRS is subject to federal and state taxes on its income, and the Company includes a provision for taxes in its consolidated financial statements. In 1994, the Predecessor reorganized as a Maryland corporation. In March 2006, the Predecessor was added to the S P 500 Index, an index containing the stock of 500 Large Cap companies, most of which are U.S. corporations. The Company's common stock, Class L Depositary Shares and Class M Depositary Shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the trading symbols KIM , KIMprL , and KIMprM , respectively. 
 
 The Company is a self-administered REIT and has not engaged, nor does it expect to retain, any REIT advisors in connection with the operation of its properties. The Company s ownership interests in real estate consist of its consolidated portfolio and portfolios where the Company owns an economic interest, such as properties in the Company s investment real estate management programs, where the Company partners with institutional investors and also retains management. 

3

Table of Contents 

The Company began to expand its operations through the development of real estate and the construction of shopping centers but revised its growth strategy to focus on the acquisition and redevelopment of existing shopping centers that include a grocery component. The Company also expanded internationally within Canada, Mexico, Chile, Brazil and Peru, but has since exited all international investments. Additionally, the Company developed various residential and mixed-use operating properties and continues to obtain entitlements to embark on additional projects of this nature through re-development opportunities. In August 2021, the Company expanded through a merger with Weingarten Realty Investors Weingarten ), whereby Weingarten merged with and into the Predecessor, with the Predecessor continuing as the surviving public company (the Merger ), pursuant to the definitive merger agreement (the Merger Agreement between the Predecessor and Weingarten which was entered into on April 15, 2021. The Merger brought together two industry-leading retail real estate platforms with highly complementary portfolios and created the preeminent open-air shopping center and mixed-use real estate owner in the country. The Merger further enhanced the Company s portfolio in coastal and sun belt regions. 
 
 The Company has implemented its investment real estate management format through the establishment of various institutional joint venture programs, in which the Company has noncontrolling interests. The Company earns management fees, acquisition fees, disposition fees as well as promoted interests based on achieving certain performance metrics. 
 
 In addition, the Company has capitalized on its established expertise in retail real estate by establishing other ventures in which the Company owns a smaller equity interest and provides management, leasing and operational support for those properties. The Company has also provided preferred equity capital to real estate professionals and, from time to time, provides real estate capital and management services to both healthy and distressed retailers. The Company has also made selective investments in secondary market opportunities where a security or other investment is, in management s judgment, priced below the value of the underlying assets, however these investments are subject to volatility within the equity and debt markets. 
 
 As described in greater detail in the Explanatory Note to this Form 10-K, (i) on January 1, 2023, as a result of the Reorganization, the Parent Company, a Maryland corporation, became the successor issuer to the Predecessor, and (ii) on January 3, 2023 the Predecessor converted into Kimco OP, a limited liability company, organized in the State of Delaware. Parent Company is the managing member of Kimco OP and owns 100 of the limited liability company interests, and exercises exclusive control over Kimco OP. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had interests in 532 shopping center properties (the Combined Shopping Center Portfolio ), aggregating 90.8 million square feet of gross leasable area GLA ), located in 28 states. In addition, the Company had 23 other property interests, primarily through the Company s preferred equity investments and other investments, totaling 5.7 million square feet of GLA. 
 
 Economic Conditions 
 
 The economy continues to face several issues including the lack of qualified employees, inflation risk, supply chain issues and new COVID-19 variants, which could impact the Company and its tenants. In response to the rising rate of inflation the Federal Reserve has steadily increased interest rates, and may continue to increase interest rates, until the rate of inflation begins to decrease. These increases in interest rates could adversely impact the business and financial results of the Company and its tenants. In addition, slower economic growth and the potential for a recession could have an adverse effect on the Company and its tenants. This could negatively affect the overall demand for retail space, including the demand for leasable space in the Company s properties. As a result, the Company could feel pricing pressure on rents that it is able to charge to new or renewing tenants, such that future rents and rent spreads could be negatively impacted. Any of these events could materially adversely impact the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations or stock price. The Company continues to monitor economic, financial, and social conditions and will assess its asset portfolio for any impairment indicators. If the Company determines that any of its assets are impaired, the Company would be required to take impairment charges, and such amounts could be material. 

4

Table of Contents 

Business Objective and Strategies 
 
 The Company has developed a strong nationally diversified portfolio of open-air, shopping centers located in drivable first-ring suburbs primarily within 19 major metropolitan sun belt and coastal markets, which are supported by strong demographics, significant projected population growth, and where the Company perceives significant barriers to entry. As of December 31, 2022, the Company derived 85 of its annualized base rent from these top major metro markets. The Company s shopping centers provide essential, necessity-based goods and services to the local communities and are primarily anchored by grocers, home improvement, and pharmacy. 
 
 The Company s focus on high-quality locations has led to significant opportunities for value creation through the reinvestment in its assets to add density, replace outdated shopping center concepts, and better meet changing consumer demands. In order to add density to existing properties, the Company has obtained multi-family entitlements for 8,818 units of which 2,218 units have been constructed as of December 31, 2022. The Company continues to place strategic emphasis on live/work/play environments and in reinvesting in its existing assets, while building shareholder value. This philosophy is exemplified by the Company s Signature Series TM properties which include key value creation projects in our portfolio that exemplify our transformation and highlight our focus on quality, concentration around core MSAs, and growth through redevelopment and development opportunities. Signature Series properties also include fully entitled, shovel-ready mixed-use projects, and opportunities that we continue to identify and entitle as we seek to achieve the highest and best use of our real estate, enhance our communities, and create value for our stakeholders for years to come. 
 
 The strength and security of the Company s balance sheet remains central to its strategy. The Company s strong balance sheet and liquidity position are evidenced by its investment grade unsecured debt ratings (Baa1/BBB+) by two major ratings agencies. The Company maintains one of the longest weighted average debt maturity profiles in the REIT industry, now at 9.5 years. The Company expects to continue to take steps to reduce leverage, unencumber assets and improve its debt coverage metrics as mixed-use projects and redevelopments continue to come online and contribute additional cash flow growth. 
 
 Business Objective 
 
 The Company s primary business objective is to be the premier owner and operator of open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers, and a growing portfolio of mixed-use assets, in the U.S. The Company believes it can achieve this objective by: 

increasing the value of its existing portfolio of properties and generating higher levels of portfolio growth; 

increasing cash flows for reinvestment and/or for distribution to shareholders while maintaining conservative payout ratios; 

improving debt metrics and upgraded unsecured debt ratings 

continuing growth in desirable demographic areas with successful retailers, primarily focused on grocery anchors; and 

increasing the number of entitlements for residential use. 

Business Strategies 
 
 The Company believes with its strong core portfolio and its recent acquisitions, it will continue to achieve higher occupancy levels, increased rental rates and rental growth in the future. To effectively execute the Company s strategy and achieve its strategic goals the Company identified the following growth components to focus on: 

The Company believes it is well positioned for sustainable growth with its high-quality portfolio, accretive and opportunistic capital allocation, financial strength and environmental, social and governance leadership. 

5

Table of Contents 

The Company has identified the following areas where it is well positioned for sustainable growth in the future. 

The Company reduces its operating and leasing risks through diversification achieved by the geographic distribution of its properties and a large tenant base. As of December 31, 2022, no single open-air shopping center accounted for more than 1.3 of the Company's annualized base rental revenues, including the proportionate share of base rental revenues from properties in which the Company has less than a 100 economic interest, or more than 1.4 of the Company s total shopping center GLA. Furthermore, at December 31, 2022, the Company s single largest tenant represented only 3.7 , and the Company s five largest tenants aggregated less than 11.4 , of the Company s annualized base rental revenues, including the proportionate share of base rental revenues from properties in which the Company has less than a 100 economic interest. 
 
 As one of the original participants in the growth of the shopping center industry and the nation's largest owners and operators of open-air shopping centers, the Company has established close relationships with major national and regional retailers and maintains a broad network of industry contacts. Management is associated with and/or actively participates in many shopping center and REIT industry organizations. Notwithstanding these relationships, there are numerous regional and local commercial developers, real estate companies, financial institutions and other investors who compete with the Company for the acquisition of properties and other investment opportunities and in seeking tenants who will lease space in the Company s properties. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Compliance with various governmental regulations has an impact on our business, including our capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position, which can be material. We incur costs to monitor and take actions to comply with governmental regulations that are applicable to our business, which include, among others, federal securities laws and regulations, applicable stock exchange requirements, REIT and other tax laws and regulations, environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, local zoning, usage and other regulations relating to real property and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. 
 
 In addition, see Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of material risks to us, including, to the extent material, to our competitive position, relating to governmental regulations, and see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto for a discussion of material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations, including, to the extent material, the effects that compliance with governmental regulations may have upon our capital expenditures and earnings. 

6

Table of Contents 

Human Capital Resources 
 
 The Company believes that our associates are one of our strongest resources and that a variety of perspectives and experiences found in a diverse workforce spark innovation and enrich company culture. The Company is committed to diversity, equity and inclusion best practices in all phases of the associate life cycle, including recruitment, training and development and promotion. By cultivating high levels of associate satisfaction and improving the diversity of our team, management s goal is to ensure the Company will remain a significant driving force in commercial real estate well into the future. 
 
 The Company has been and will continue to be an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring, developing, and supporting a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace. To ensure full implementation of this equal employment policy, we take steps to ensure that persons are recruited, hired, assigned and promoted without regard to race, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, age, color, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations. All of our employees must adhere to a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that sets standards for appropriate behavior and includes required, regular internal training on preventing, identifying, reporting and stopping any type of discrimination and/or retaliation. 
 
 To attract and retain high performing individuals, we are committed to partnering with our associates to provide opportunities for their professional development and promote their health and well-being. We offer a broad range of benefits, and we believe our compensation package and benefits are competitive with others in our industry. Our benefits programs include a robust offering of medical, dental, vision, life, disability and a number of exciting ancillary benefits, all of which require very low associate contributions or are offered at no cost to associates. The Company also provides a Safe Harbor 401(k) program with both pretax and Roth offering including a robust, fully vested matching contribution. 
 
 The Company has been recognized as a Great Place to Work for five consecutive years as well as a One of the 2022 Best Workplaces in Real Estate , both of which are based on anonymous third-party surveys and feedback collected from our associates. Additionally, the Company was designated a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality and has achieved a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation s 2022 Corporate Equality Index, a nationally recognized benchmarking survey and report measuring corporate policies and practices related to LGBTQ+ workplace equality. 
 
 The Company operates under a hybrid work model, which balances associates need for valuable face-to-face interactions with individual preferences for ideal work conditions. By continuing to focus on communication, collaboration, and innovation, and by encouraging associates to protect their personal time and be deliberate in where and how they choose to work, management is confident that the model results in a happier, engaged, and more efficient workforce. 
 
 The Company s executive and management team promotes a true open door environment in which all feedback and suggestions are welcome. Whether it be through regular all employee calls, department meetings, frequent training sessions, Coffee Connections with the executive team, use of our BRAVO recognition program, awarding of iPads for Ideas, or participation in our LABS (Leaders Advancing Business Strategy) program, associates are encouraged to be inquisitive and share ideas. Those ideas have resulted in a number of programs and benefit enhancements. 
 
 The Company promotes physical health, including access to a national gym membership program for associates and their family members as well as host to regular wellness and nutrition seminars and health screenings. The Company also feels it is important that our associates are engaged and active in the community. Across our numerous offices, associates host volunteer and social activities. Whether we re participating in walks, runs, food or toy drives, the Company promotes and supports associate volunteerism with two volunteer days off per year and a company matching program in support of each associates charitable endeavors. The Company also encourages associates to directly drive strategy around the Company s environmental, social and governance initiatives through participation in five associate-driven KIMunity Councils focused in the areas of diversity, equity and inclusion, giving, wellness, sustainability, and tenant engagement. 
 
 The Company recognizes the importance of advanced education. Each year, the Company funds 100,000 in college scholarships to benefit the children of our associates. In addition, the Company recently announced, in partnership with ICSC, it is providing 100,000 in scholarships to students wishing to pursue careers in real estate, of which no less than 50 will be awarded to students of under-represented groups. Both programs are managed by independent third parties who consider an equal balance of academics and financial need as determining factors. 
 
 The Company's executive offices are located at 500 North Broadway, Suite 201, Jericho, NY 11753, a mixed-use property that is wholly owned by the Company, and its telephone number is (516) 869-9000 or 1-800-764-7114. Nearly all corporate functions, including legal, data processing, finance and accounting are administered by the Company from its executive offices in Jericho, New York and supported by the Company s regional offices. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 639 persons were employed by the Company, of which 31 were located in our corporate office with the remainder located in 28 offices throughout the United States. The average tenure of our employees was 9.0 years. 

7

Table of Contents 

Cybersecurity 
 
 The Company s Audit Committee receives quarterly briefings from the Company s Chief Information Officer regarding the emerging cybersecurity threat and risk landscape as well as the Company s security program and related readiness, resiliency, and response efforts. 
 
 The Company has a Cyber Risk Committee Cyber Committee which reviews and reports on technology-based security issues. The Cyber Committee is comprised of senior management from various business units within the Company and meets quarterly to review the status of the Company s overall security program as well as controls and procedures and to stay up-to-date of relevant legislative, regulatory and technical developments. 
 
 The Company utilizes a variety of administrative, technical and physical safeguards that take into account the nature of our IT environment, information assets and cyber risks posed by both internal and external threats. The Company has incorporated cybersecurity coverage in its insurance policies. The Company s goal is to keep its data and systems, as well as its employees safe from cybersecurity threats. 
 
 The Company conducts employee security awareness training and internal phishing exercises. When security issues arise, the Company conducts a prompt investigation and initiates response protocols and other measures to protect the Company and its valued employees and key stakeholders. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Programs 
 
 The Company strives to build a thriving and viable business, one that succeeds by delivering long-term value for its stakeholders. We believe that the Company s ESG programs are aligned with its core business strategy of creating destinations for everyday living that inspire a sense of community and deliver value to its many stakeholders. 

8

Table of Contents 

The Company has identified the following five pillars that outline the Company s current strategic priorities within our ESG program. The Company has defined 16 ESG goals that expand upon the Company s commitment with clear targets in each pillar: 

The Company has aligned its annual reporting with standards from the Global Reporting Initiative GRI ), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures TCFD ). The Company also discloses aggregate-level EEO-1 workforce diversity data that can be found on the Company s website, which data and website contents are not incorporated by reference hereto. Additional ESG information of relevance to stakeholders can be found on the Company s website, the contents of which are not incorporated by reference and do not form a part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors sets the Company s overall ESG program objectives and oversees enterprise risk management. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Company's efforts with regard to the Company's ESG matters. 
 
 The Company recognizes that climate change is one of the most significant stakeholder issues of our times, threatening the viability of economic and environmental systems globally. The scientific community has studied climate change and a consensus exists that warming is occurring outside the boundaries of historical planetary trends due in significant part, to human activity. As a real estate portfolio owner, the Company monitors physical and transition risks as well as opportunities posed to its business by climate change and quantifies and discloses the climate impacts of its activities. The Company s science-based GHG emissions reduction goals are aligned with the Paris Climate Accord and while there can be no guarantees, we believe they could put the Company on pace to achieve Scope 1 and Scope 2 net zero GHG emissions by 2050. 

9

Table of Contents 

Climate risks and opportunities are generally evaluated at both the corporate and individual asset level. The following table summarizes relevant climate risks identified as a part of the Company s ongoing risk assessment process. The Company may be subject to other climate risks not included below. 

Climate Risk 
 Description 

Physical 

Windstorms 
 Increased frequency and intensity of windstorms, such as hurricanes, could lead to property damage, loss of property value and interruptions to business operations 

Sea Level Rise 
 Rising sea levels could lead to storm surge and other potential impacts for low-lying coastal properties leading to damage, loss of property value and interruptions to business operations 

Flooding 
 Change in rainfall conditions leading to increased frequency and severity of flooding could lead to property damage, loss of property value and interruptions to business operations 

Wildfires 
 Change in fire potential could lead to permanent loss of property, stress on human health (air quality) and stress on ecosystem services 

Heat and Water Stress 
 Increases in temperature could lead to droughts and decreased available water supply could lead to higher utility usage, supply interruptions and reputational issues in local communities 

Transition 

Regulation 
 Regulations at the federal, state and local levels could impose additional operating and capital costs associated with utilities, energy efficiency, building materials and building design 

Reputation 
 Increased interest among retail tenants in building efficiency, sustainable design criteria and "green leases", which incorporate provisions intended to promote sustainability at the property, could result in decreased demand for outdated space 

The Company s approach in mitigating these risks include but are not limited to (i) carrying additional insurance coverage relating to flooding and windstorms, (ii) maintaining a geographically diversified portfolio, which limits exposure to event driven risks and (iii) creating a form green lease for its tenants which incorporates varied criteria that align landlord and tenant sustainability priorities as well as establishing green construction criteria. 
 
 In 2020, the Company issued 500.0 million in 2.70 notes due 2030 in its inaugural green bond offering. The net proceeds from this offering are allocated to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, recently completed, existing or future eligible green projects, with projects are to be aligned with the four core components of the Green Bond Principles, 2018 as administered by the International Capital Market Association. Additionally, the Company s 2.0 billion Credit Facility (as defined below) is a green credit facility which incorporates rate adjustments associated with attainment (or nonattainment) of Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions reductions. 
 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to the executive officers of the Company as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Joined Kimco 

Milton Cooper 
 93 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 Co-Founder 

Conor C. Flynn 
 42 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2003 

Ross Cooper 
 40 
 President and Chief Investment Officer 
 2006 

Glenn G. Cohen 
 58 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 1995 

David Jamieson 
 42 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer 
 2007 

Available Information 
 
 The Company s website is located at http://www.kimcorealty.com . The information contained on our website does not constitute part of this Form 10-K. On the Company s website you can obtain, free of charge, a copy of this Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable, after we file such material electronically with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The public may read and obtain a copy of any materials we file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . 

10

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 We are subject to certain business and legal risks including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 
 Adverse global market and economic conditions may impede our ability to generate sufficient income and maintain our properties. 
 
 Our properties consist primarily of open-air shopping centers, including mixed-use assets, and other retail properties. Our performance, therefore, is generally linked to economic conditions in the market for retail space. The economic performance and value of our properties is subject to all of the risks associated with owning and operating real estate, including but not limited to: 

changes in the national, regional and local economic climate; 

local conditions, including an oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, space in properties like those that we own or operate; 

trends toward smaller store sizes as retailers reduce inventory and develop new prototypes; 

increasing use by customers of e-commerce and online store sites; 

the attractiveness of our properties to tenants; 

market disruptions due to global pandemics; 

the ability of tenants to pay rent, particularly anchor tenants with leases in multiple locations; 

tenants who may declare bankruptcy and/or close stores; 

competition from other available properties to attract and retain tenants; 

changes in market rental rates; 

the need to periodically pay for costs to repair, renovate and re-let space; 

ongoing consolidation in the retail sector; 

the excess amount of retail space in a number of markets; 

changes in operating costs, including costs for maintenance, insurance and real estate taxes; 

the expenses of owning and operating properties, which are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in income from the properties; 

changes in laws and governmental regulations, including those governing usage, zoning, the environment and taxes; 

acts of terrorism and war and acts of God, including physical and weather-related damage to our properties; 

the continued service and availability of key personnel; and 

the risk of functional obsolescence of properties over time. 

Competition may limit our ability to purchase new properties or generate sufficient income from tenants and may decrease the occupancy and rental rates for our properties. 
 
 Numerous commercial developers and real estate companies compete with us in seeking tenants for our existing properties and properties for acquisition. Open-air shopping centers, including mixed-use assets, or other retail shopping centers with more convenient locations or better rents may attract tenants or cause them to seek more favorable lease terms at or prior to renewal. Retailers at our properties may face increasing competition from other retailers, e-commerce, outlet malls, discount shopping clubs, telemarketing or home shopping networks, all of which could (i) reduce rents payable to us; (ii) reduce our ability to attract and retain tenants at our properties; or (iii) lead to increased vacancy rates at our properties. We may fail to anticipate the effects of changes in consumer buying practices, particularly of growing online sales and the resulting retailing practices and space needs of our tenants or a general downturn in our tenants businesses, which may cause tenants to close stores or default in payment of rent. 
 
 We face competition in the acquisition or development of real property from others engaged in real estate investment that could increase our costs associated with purchasing and maintaining assets. Some of these competitors may have greater financial resources than we do. This could result in competition for the acquisition of properties for tenants who lease or consider leasing space in our existing and subsequently acquired properties and for other investment or development opportunities. 
 
 Our performance depends on our ability to collect rent from tenants, including anchor tenants, our tenants financial condition and our tenants maintaining leases for our properties. 
 
 At any time, our tenants may experience a downturn in their business that may significantly weaken their financial condition. As a result, our tenants may delay a number of lease commencements, decline to extend or renew leases upon expiration, fail to make rental payments when due, close stores or declare bankruptcy. Any of these actions could result in the termination of tenants leases and the loss of rental income attributable to these tenants leases. In the event of a default by a tenant, we may experience delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord under the terms of the leases. 

11

Table of Contents 

In addition, multiple lease terminations by tenants, including anchor tenants, or a failure by multiple tenants to occupy their premises in a shopping center could result in lease terminations or significant reductions in rent by other tenants in the same shopping centers under the terms of some leases. In that event, we may be unable to re-lease the vacated space at attractive rents or at all, and our rental payments from our continuing tenants could significantly decrease. The occurrence of any of the situations described above, particularly involving a substantial tenant with leases in multiple locations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 A tenant that files for bankruptcy protection may not continue to pay us rent. A bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants or a lease guarantor would bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from the tenant or the lease guarantor, or their property, unless the bankruptcy court permits us to do so. A tenant bankruptcy could delay our efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant leases and could ultimately preclude collection of these sums. If a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have only a general unsecured claim for damages. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold, if at all. 
 
 E-commerce and other changes in consumer buying practices present challenges for many of our tenants and may require us to modify our properties, diversify our tenant composition and adapt our leasing practices to remain competitive. 
 
 Many of our tenants face increasing competition from e-commerce and other sources that could cause them to reduce their size, limit the number of locations and/or suffer a general downturn in their businesses and ability to pay rent. We may also fail to anticipate the effects of changes in consumer buying practices, particularly of growing online sales and the resulting change in retailing practices and space needs of our tenants, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. We are focused on anchoring and diversifying our properties with tenants that are more resistant to competition from e-commerce (e.g., groceries, essential retailers, restaurants and service providers), but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in modifying our properties, diversifying our tenant composition and/or adapting our leasing practices. 
 
 Our expenses may remain constant or increase, even if income from our Combined Shopping Center Portfolio decreases, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Costs associated with our business, such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, mortgage payments, and corporate expenses are relatively inflexible and generally do not decrease in the event that a property is not fully occupied, rental rates decrease, a tenant fails to pay rent or other circumstances cause our revenues to decrease. In addition, inflation could result in higher operating costs. If we are unable to lower our operating costs when revenues decline and/or are unable to pass along cost increases to our tenants, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 We may be unable to sell our real estate property investments when appropriate or on terms favorable to us. 
 
 Real estate property investments are illiquid and generally cannot be disposed of quickly. The capitalization rates at which properties may be sold could be higher than historic rates, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. In addition, the Code includes certain restrictions on a REIT s ability to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. Therefore, we may not be able to vary our portfolio in response to economic or other conditions promptly or on terms favorable to us within a time frame that we would need. All of these factors reduce our ability to respond to changes in the performance of our investments and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Certain properties we own have a low tax basis, which may result in a taxable gain on sale. We may utilize like-kind exchanges qualifying under Section 1031 of the Code 1031 Exchanges to mitigate taxable income; however, there can be no assurance that we will identify properties that meet our investment objectives for acquisitions. In the event that we do not utilize 1031 Exchanges, we may be required to distribute the gain proceeds to shareholders or pay income tax, which may reduce our cash flow available to fund our commitments. 
 
 We may acquire or develop properties or acquire other real estate related companies, and this may create risks. 
 
 We may acquire or develop properties or acquire other real estate related companies when we believe that an acquisition or development is consistent with our business strategies. We may not succeed in consummating desired acquisitions or in completing developments on time or within budget. When we do pursue a project or acquisition, we may not succeed in leasing newly developed or acquired properties at rents sufficient to cover the costs of acquisition or development and operations. Difficulties in integrating acquisitions may prove costly or time-consuming and could divert management s attention from other activities. Acquisitions or developments in new markets or industries where we do not have the same level of market knowledge may result in poorer than anticipated performance. We may also abandon acquisition or development opportunities that management has begun pursuing and consequently fail to recover expenses already incurred and will have devoted management s time to a matter not consummated. Furthermore, our acquisitions of new properties or companies will expose us to the liabilities of those properties or companies, some of which we may not be aware of at the time of the acquisition. In addition, development of our existing properties presents similar risks. 

12

Table of Contents 

Newly acquired or re-developed properties may have characteristics or deficiencies currently unknown to us that affect their value or revenue potential. It is also possible that the operating performance of these properties may decline under our management. As we acquire additional properties, we will be subject to risks associated with managing new properties, including lease-up and tenant retention. In addition, our ability to manage our growth effectively will require us to successfully integrate our new acquisitions into our existing management structure. We may not succeed with this integration or effectively manage additional properties, particularly in secondary markets. Also, newly acquired properties may not perform as expected. 
 
 We face risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial properties. 
 
 We operate, are currently developing, and may in the future develop, properties either alone or through joint ventures with other persons that are known as mixed-use developments. This means that in addition to the development of retail space, the project may also include space for residential, office, hotel or other commercial purposes. We have less experience in developing and managing non-retail real estate than we do with retail real estate. As a result, if a development project includes a non-retail use, we may seek to develop that component ourselves, sell the rights to that component to a third-party developer with experience developing properties for such use or partner with such a developer. If we do not sell the rights or partner with such a developer, or if we choose to develop the other component ourselves, we would be exposed not only to those risks typically associated with the development of commercial real estate generally, but also to specific risks associated with the development and ownership of non-retail real estate. In addition, even if we sell the rights to develop the other component or elect to participate in the development through a joint venture, we may be exposed to the risks associated with the failure of the other party to complete the development as expected. These include the risk that the other party would default on its obligations necessitating that we complete the other component ourselves, including providing any necessary financing. In the case of residential properties, these risks include competition for prospective residents from other operators whose properties may be perceived to offer a better location or better amenities or whose rent may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location and amenities that the resident seeks. We will also compete against condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent. In the case of office properties, the risks also include changes in space utilization by tenants due to technology, economic conditions and business culture, declines in financial condition of these tenants and competition for credit worthy office tenants. In the case of hotel properties, the risks also include increases in inflation and utilities that may not be offset by increases in room rates. We are also dependent on business and commercial travelers and tourism. Because we have less experience with residential, office and hotel properties than with retail properties, we expect to retain third parties to manage our residential and other non-retail components as deemed warranted. If we decide to not sell or participate in a joint venture and instead hire a third-party manager, we would be dependent on them and their key personnel who provide services to us, and we may not find a suitable replacement if the management agreement is terminated, or if key personnel leave or otherwise become unavailable to us. 
 
 Construction projects are subject to risks that materially increase the costs of completion. 
 
 In the event that we decide to redevelop existing properties, we will be subject to risks and uncertainties associated with construction and development. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks related to obtaining all necessary zoning, land-use, building occupancy and other governmental permits and authorizations, risks related to the environmental concerns of government entities or community groups, risks related to changes in economic and market conditions between development commencement and stabilization, risks related to construction labor disruptions, adverse weather, acts of God or shortages of materials and labor which could cause construction delays and risks related to increases in the cost of labor and materials which could cause construction costs to be greater than projected and adversely impact the amount of our development fees or our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Supply chain disruptions and unexpected construction expenses and delays could impact our ability to timely deliver spaces to tenants and/or our ability to achieve the expected value of a construction project or lease, thereby adversely affecting our profitability. 
 
 The construction and building industry, similar to many other industries, are experiencing worldwide supply chain disruptions due to a multitude of factors that are beyond our control. Materials, parts and labor have also increased in cost over the past year or more, sometimes significantly and over a short period of time. We may incur costs for a property renovation or tenant buildout that exceeds our original estimates due to increased costs for materials or labor or other costs that are unexpected. We also may be unable to complete renovation of a property or tenant space on schedule due to supply chain disruptions or labor shortages, which could result in increased debt service expense or construction costs. Additionally, some tenants may have the right to terminate their leases if a renovation project is not completed on time. The time frame required to recoup our renovation and construction costs and to realize a return on such costs can often be significant and materially adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 could require us to take remedial steps with respect to existing or newly acquired properties. 
 
 Our existing properties, as well as properties we may acquire, as commercial facilities, are required to comply with Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the ADA ). Investigation of a property may reveal non-compliance with the ADA. The requirements of the ADA, or of other federal, state or local laws or regulations, also may change in the future and restrict further renovations of our properties with respect to access for disabled persons. Future compliance with the ADA may require expensive changes to the properties. 

13

Table of Contents 

We do not have exclusive control over our joint venture and preferred equity investments, such that we are unable to ensure that our objectives will be pursued. 
 
 We have invested in some properties as a co-venturer or a partner, instead of owning directly. In these investments, we do not have exclusive control over the development, financing, leasing, management and other aspects of these investments. As a result, the co-venturer or partner might have interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, take action contrary to our interests or otherwise impede our objectives. These investments involve risks and uncertainties. The co-venturer or partner may fail to provide capital or fulfill its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us for guarantees and other commitments. Conflicts arising between us and our partners may be difficult to manage and/or resolve and it could be difficult to manage or otherwise monitor the existing business arrangements. The co-venturer or partner also might become insolvent or bankrupt, which may result in significant losses to us. 
 
 In addition, joint venture arrangements may decrease our ability to manage risk and implicate additional risks, such as: 

our joint venture partner having potentially inferior financial capacity, diverging business goals and strategies and the need for their continued cooperation; 

our inability to take actions with respect to the joint venture activities that we believe are favorable to us if our joint venture partner does not agree; 

our inability to control the legal entity that has title to the real estate associated with the joint venture; 

our lenders may not be easily able to sell our joint venture assets and investments or may view them less favorably as collateral, which could negatively affect our liquidity and capital resources; 

our joint venture partners can take actions that we may not be able to anticipate or prevent, which could result in negative impacts on our debt and equity; and 

our joint venture partners business decisions or other actions or omissions may result in harm to our reputation or adversely affect the value of our investments. 

Our joint venture and preferred equity investments generally own real estate properties for which the economic performance and value is subject to all the risks associated with owning and operating real estate as described above. 
 
 We may not be able to recover our investments in marketable securities, mortgage receivables or other investments, which may result in significant losses to us. 
 
 Our investments in marketable securities are subject to specific risks relating to the particular issuer of the securities, including the financial condition and business outlook of the issuer, which may result in significant losses to us. Marketable securities are generally unsecured and may also be subordinated to other obligations of the issuer. As a result, investments in marketable securities are subject to risks of: 

limited liquidity in the secondary trading market; 

substantial market price volatility, resulting from changes in prevailing interest rates; 

subordination to the prior claims of banks and other senior lenders to the issuer; 

the possibility that earnings of the issuer may be insufficient to meet its debt service and distribution obligations; and 

the declining creditworthiness and potential for insolvency of the issuer during periods of rising interest rates and economic downturn. 

These risks may adversely affect the value of outstanding marketable securities and the ability of the issuers to make distribution payments. 
 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Footnote 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K for additional discussion regarding the shares held by the Company of Albertsons Companies, Inc. ACI ). 
 
 Our investments in mortgage receivables are subject to specific risks relating to the borrower and the underlying property. In the event of a default by a borrower, it may be necessary for us to foreclose our mortgage or engage in costly negotiations. Delays in liquidating defaulted mortgage loans and repossessing and selling the underlying properties could reduce our investment returns. Furthermore, in the event of default, the actual value of the property collateralizing the mortgage may decrease. A decline in real estate values will adversely affect the value of our loans and the value of the properties collateralizing our loans. 
 
 Our mortgage receivables may be or become subordinated to mechanics' or materialmen's liens or property tax liens. In these instances, we may need to protect a particular investment by making payments to maintain the current status of a prior lien or discharge it entirely. Where that occurs, the total amount we recover may be less than our total investment, resulting in a loss. In the event of a major loan default or several loan defaults resulting in losses, our investments in mortgage receivables would be materially and adversely affected. 

14

Table of Contents 

The economic performance and value of our other investments, which we do not control and are in retail operations, are subject to risks associated with owning and operating retail businesses, including: 

changes in the national, regional and local economic climate; 

the adverse financial condition of some large retailing companies; 

increasing use by customers of e-commerce and online store sites; and 

ongoing consolidation in the retail sector. 

A decline in the value of our other investments may require us to recognize an other-than-temporary impairment OTTI against such assets. When the fair value of an investment is determined to be less than its amortized cost at the balance sheet date, we assess whether the decline is temporary or other-than-temporary. If we intend to sell an impaired asset, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the impaired asset before any anticipated recovery, then we must recognize an OTTI through charges to earnings equal to the entire difference between the asset s amortized cost and its fair value at the balance sheet date. When an OTTI is recognized through earnings, a new cost basis is established for the asset, and the new cost basis may not be adjusted through earnings for subsequent recoveries in fair value. 
 
 Our real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges. 
 
 We periodically assess whether there are any indicators that the value of our real estate assets and other investments may be impaired. A property s value is considered to be impaired only if the estimated aggregate future undiscounted property cash flows are less than the carrying value of the property. In our estimate of cash flows, we consider factors such as trends and prospects and the effects of demand and competition on expected future operating income. If we are evaluating the potential sale of an asset or redevelopment alternatives, the undiscounted future cash flows consider the most likely course of action as of the balance sheet date based on current plans, intended holding periods and available market information. We are required to make subjective assessments as to whether there are impairments in the value of our real estate assets and other investments. Impairment charges have an immediate direct impact on our earnings. There can be no assurance that we will not take additional charges in the future related to the impairment of our assets. Any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the charge is taken. 
 
 We intend to continue to sell our lesser quality assets and may not be able to recover our investments, which may result in significant losses to us. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to recover the current carrying amount of all of our lesser quality properties and investments and those of our unconsolidated joint ventures in the future. Our failure to do so would require us to recognize impairment charges for the period in which we reached that conclusion, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We have completed our efforts to exit Mexico, Chile, Brazil, Peru and Canada, however, we cannot predict the impact of laws and regulations affecting these international operations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the potential that we may face regulatory sanctions. 
 
 Our international operations have included properties in Mexico, Chile, Brazil, Peru and Canada and are subject to a variety of United States and foreign laws and regulations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and foreign tax laws and regulations. Although we have completed our efforts to exit our investments in Mexico, South America and Canada, we cannot assure you that our past practices will continue to be found to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. In addition, we cannot predict the manner in which such laws or regulations might be administered or interpreted, or when, or the potential that we may face regulatory sanctions or tax audits as a result of our international operations. 
 
 We have experienced cybersecurity attacks and could in the future be subject to significant disruption, data loss or other security incidents or breaches. 
 
 Our information technology IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. While we maintain some of our own critical IT networks and related systems, we also depend on third parties to provide important software, technologies, tools and a broad array of services and operational functions, including payroll, human resources, electronic communications and finance functions. In the ordinary course of our business, we and our third-party service providers collect, process, transmit and store sensitive information and data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, as well as personally identifiable information. 
 
 We, and our third-party service providers like all businesses, are subject to cyberattacks and security incidents, which threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and information resources. Those attacks and incidents may be due to intentional or unintentional acts by employees, customers, contractors or third parties, who seek to gain unauthorized access to our or our service providers systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data, or steal confidential or personal information through malware, computer viruses, ransomware, software or hardware vulnerabilities, social engineering (e.g., phishing attachments to e-mails) or other vectors. 
 
 The risk of a cybersecurity attack, breach or operational disruption, particularly through a cyber incident, including by computer hackers, foreign governments or cyber terrorists, has generally increased. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of IT networks and related systems on which we rely, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a cyberattack, security breach or security related disruption, there can be no assurance that our efforts and measures or those of our third-party services providers will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. 

15

Table of Contents 

Attack methodologies change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and we may be unable to investigate or remediate incidents because attackers increasingly use techniques and tools designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. 
 
 We have in the past experienced adverse events that have not resulted, and are not expected to result, in a material impact on the Company s business operations or financial results. For example, in February 2023, the Company experienced a criminal ransomware attack affecting data contained on legacy servers of Weingarten Realty Investors WRI ). The Company acquired WRI in August 2021. The affected servers and exfiltrated data were on the WRI network. The WRI network is separate and is not connected to the Company s network. The Company promptly initiated an investigation and its response protocols, including deploying containment measures such as taking affected systems offline, implementing enhanced monitoring technology and data recovery processes. The Company also notified federal law enforcement, engaged the services of cybersecurity and forensics professionals, and restored affected systems. The WRI network data is historical and stored for archival purposes. 
 
 A cyber incident could: 

disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our tenants; 

result in misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants and/or missed reporting deadlines; 

result in our inability to properly monitor our compliance with the rules and regulations regarding our qualification as a REIT; 

result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 

result in our inability to maintain the building systems relied upon by our tenants for the efficient use of their leased space; 

require significant management attention and resources to remediate systems, fulfill compliance requirements and/or to remedy any damages that result; 

subject us to regulatory enforcement, including investigative costs and fines or penalties, as the White House, SEC and other regulators have increased their focus on companies cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks; 

subject us to litigation claims for negligence, breach of contract or other agreements or other causes of action, potentially resulting in remedies such as damages, credits, penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; or 

damage our reputation among our tenants, investors and associates. 

The occurrence or perception of a cyberattack or security incident could result in operational interruption, damage to our relationship with our tenants, and confidential data exposure. In addition, federal and state governments and agencies have enacted, and continue to develop, broad data protection legislation, regulations, and guidance that require companies to increasingly implement, monitor and enforce reasonable cybersecurity measures. These governmental entities and agencies are aggressively investigating and enforcing such legislation, regulations and guidance across industry sectors and companies. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to address an attack or incident, including those as a result of the February 2023 incident involving the WRI legacy servers, and our insurance may not cover some or all of our losses resulting from an attack or incident. These losses may include payments for investigations, forensic analyses, legal advice, public relations advice, system repair or replacement, or other services, in addition to any remedies or relief that may result from legal proceedings. The incurrence of these losses, costs or business interruptions may adversely affect our reputation as well as our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may be subject to liability under environmental laws, ordinances and regulations. 
 
 Under various federal, state, and local laws, ordinances and regulations, we may be considered an owner or operator of real property and may be responsible for paying for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances released on or in our property, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including governmental fines and injuries to persons and property). This liability may be imposed whether or not we knew about, or were responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. The Company has environmental insurance coverage on certain of its properties, however this coverage may not be sufficient to cover any or all expenses associated with the aforementioned risks. 

16

Table of Contents 

Natural disasters, severe weather conditions and the effects of climate change could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our operations are located in areas that are subject to natural disasters and severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes, snowstorms, floods and fires, and the frequency of these natural disasters and severe weather conditions may increase due to climate change. The occurrence of natural disasters, severe weather conditions and the effects of climate change, including extreme temperatures and ambient temperature increases, can delay new development or redevelopment projects, decrease the attractiveness of locations, increase investment costs to repair or replace damaged properties (or make repair or replacement impossible), increase operation costs, including the cost of energy at our properties, increase costs for future property insurance, negatively impact the tenant demand for lease space and cause substantial damages or losses to our properties which could exceed any applicable insurance coverage. The incurrence of any of these losses, costs or business interruptions may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We anticipate the potential effects of climate change will increasingly impact the decisions and analysis we make with respect to our properties, since climate change considerations can impact the relative desirability of locations and the cost of operating and insuring real estate properties. In addition, changes in government legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us to spend more on our development or redevelopment projects without a corresponding increase in revenues, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Transition impacts of climate change may subject us to increased regulations, reporting requirements (such as the SEC s proposed climate change disclosure rule), standards, or expectations regarding the environmental impacts of our or our tenants business. Failure to disclose accurate information in a timely manner may also adversely affect our reputation, business, or financial performance. 
 
 Pandemics or other health crises may adversely affect our tenants financial condition and the profitability of our properties. 
 
 Our business and the businesses of our tenants could be materially and adversely affected by the risks, or the public perception of the risks, related to a pandemic or other health crisis, such as the outbreak of novel coronavirus (COVID-19). 
 
 Such events could result in the complete or partial closure of one or more of our tenants manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in our tenants supply chains from local and international suppliers, and /or delays in the delivery of our tenants inventory. 
 
 The profitability of our properties depends, in part, on the willingness of customers to visit our tenants businesses. The risk, or public perception of the risk, of a pandemic or media coverage of infectious diseases could cause employees or customers to avoid our properties, which could adversely affect foot traffic to our tenants businesses and our tenants ability to adequately staff their businesses. Such events could adversely impact tenants sales and/or cause the temporary closure of our tenants businesses, which could severely disrupt their operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Financial disruption or a prolonged economic downturn could materially and adversely affect the Company s business. 
 
 Worldwide financial markets have recently experienced periods of extraordinary disruption and volatility, resulting in heightened credit risk, reduced valuation of investments and decreased economic activity. Moreover, many companies have experienced reduced liquidity and uncertainty as to their ability to raise capital during such periods of market disruption and volatility. In the event that these conditions recur or result in a prolonged economic downturn, our results of operations, financial position or liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. These market conditions may affect the Company's ability to access debt and equity capital markets. In addition, as a result of recent financial events, we may face increased regulation. 
 
 Corporate responsibility, specifically related to ESG factors and commitments, imposes additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 
 Sustainability evaluations is becoming more broadly accepted or expected by investors and shareholders. Certain organizations that provide corporate governance and other corporate risk information to investors and shareholders have developed scores and ratings to evaluate companies and investment funds based upon ESG or sustainability metrics. Many investment funds focus on positive ESG business practices and sustainability scores when making investments and may consider a company s sustainability score as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision. In addition, investors, particularly institutional investors, use these scores to benchmark companies against their peers and if a company is perceived as lagging, these investors may engage with companies to require improved ESG disclosure or performance. We may face reputational damage or additional costs in the event our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by various constituencies. In addition, the criteria by which companies are rated may change, which could cause us to receive lower scores than previous years. A low sustainability score could result in a negative perception of the Company, or exclusion of our common stock from consideration by certain investors who may elect to invest with our competition instead. In addition, as part of our corporate responsibility, we have adopted certain ESG goals, including greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets and other sustainability initiatives. If we cannot not meet these goals fully or on time, we may face reputational damage. 
 
 Moreover, while we may create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters from time to time, many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures are based on hypothetical expectations and assumptions that may or may not be representative of current or actual risks or events or forecasts of expected risks or events, including the costs associated therewith. Such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring and reporting on many ESG matters. Such disclosures may also be at least partially reliant on third-party information that we have not independently verified or cannot be independently verified. In addition, we expect there will likely be increasing levels of regulation, disclosure-related and otherwise, with respect to ESG matters, and increased regulation will likely lead to increased compliance costs as well as scrutiny that could heighten all of the risks identified in this risk factor. Such ESG matters may also impact our suppliers or customers, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

17

Table of Contents 

Our success depends largely on the continued service and availability of key personnel. 
 
 We depend on the deep industry knowledge and efforts of key personnel, including our executive officers, to manage our day-to-day operations and strategic business direction. Our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel may significantly impact our future performance, and if any of our executive officers or other key personnel depart the Company, for any reason, we may not be able to easily replace such individual. The loss of the services of our executive officers and other key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Retail operating conditions may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 A retail property s revenues and value may be adversely affected by a number of factors, many of which apply to real estate investment generally, but which also include trends in the retail industry and perceptions by retailers or shoppers of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of the retail property. Our retail properties are public locations, and any incidents of crime or violence, including acts of terrorism, could result in a reduction of business traffic to tenant stores in our properties. Any such incidents may also expose us to civil liability or harm our reputation. In addition, to the extent that the investing public has a negative perception of the retail sector, the value of our retail properties may be negatively impacted. 
 
 Our Umbrella Partnership Real Estate Investment Trust UPREIT structure may result in potential conflicts of interest with members of Kimco OP whose interests may not be aligned with those of our stockholders. 
 
 Our directors and officers have duties to our corporation and our stockholders under Maryland law in connection with their management of the corporation. At the same time, we, as managing member of Kimco OP, our operating company, have fiduciary duties under Delaware law to our operating company and to its members in connection with the management of our operating company. If we admit outside members to our operating company, our duties as managing member of our operating company and to its members may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to the corporation and our stockholders. While the operating agreement contains provisions limiting the fiduciary duties of the managing member to the operating company and its members, the provisions of Delaware law that allow for such limitations have not been fully tested in a court of law. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Debt and Equity Securities 
 
 We may be unable to obtain financing through the debt and equity markets, which would have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, our financial condition and our results of operations. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to access the credit and/or equity markets to obtain additional debt or equity financing or that we will be able to obtain financing on terms favorable to us. The inability to obtain financing on a timely basis could have negative effects on our business, such as: 

we could have great difficulty acquiring or developing properties, which would materially adversely affect our investment strategy; 

our liquidity could be adversely affected; 

we may be unable to repay or refinance our indebtedness; 

we may need to make higher interest and principal payments or sell some of our assets on terms unfavorable to us to fund our indebtedness; or 

we may need to issue additional capital stock, which could further dilute the ownership of our existing stakeholders. 

Adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and equity financing on terms favorable to us, if at all, and could significantly reduce the market price of our publicly traded securities. 
 
 We are subject to financial covenants that may restrict our operating and acquisition activities. 
 
 Our Credit Facility and the indentures under which our senior unsecured debt is issued contain certain financial and operating covenants, including, among other things, certain coverage ratios and limitations on our ability to incur debt, make dividend payments, sell all or substantially all of our assets and engage in mergers and consolidations and certain acquisitions. These covenants may restrict our ability to pursue certain business initiatives or certain acquisition transactions that might otherwise be advantageous. In addition, failure to meet any of the financial covenants could cause an event of default under our Credit Facility and the indentures and/or accelerate some or all of our indebtedness, which would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and may need to incur more in the future. 
 
 We have substantial indebtedness. The level of indebtedness could have adverse consequences on our business, such as: 

requiring the Company to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which would reduce the available cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, and other general corporate purposes and reduce cash for distributions; 

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our working capital needs, acquisitions, capital expenditures, or other debt service requirements or for other purposes; 

increasing our costs of incurring additional debt; 

subjecting us to floating interest rates; 

limiting our ability to compete with other companies that are not as highly leveraged, as we may be less capable of responding to adverse economic and industry conditions; 

18

Table of Contents 

restricting the Company from making strategic acquisitions, developing properties, or exploiting business opportunities; 

restricting the way in which we conduct our business because of financial and operating covenants in the agreements governing our existing and future indebtedness; 

exposing the Company to potential events of default (if not cured or waived) under covenants contained in our debt instruments that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results; 

increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions; and 

limiting our ability to react to changing market conditions in its industry. 

The impact of any of these potential adverse consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 
 Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of our publicly traded securities. 
 
 The market price of our publicly traded securities depends on various market conditions, which may change from time-to-time. Among the market conditions that may affect the market price of our publicly traded securities are the following: 

the extent of institutional investor interest in us; 

the reputation of REITs generally and the reputation of REITs with portfolios similar to ours; 

the attractiveness of the securities of REITs in comparison to securities issued by other entities, including securities issued by other real estate companies; 

our financial condition and performance; 

the market s perception of our growth potential, potential future cash dividends and risk profile; 

an increase in market interest rates, which may lead prospective investors to demand a higher distribution rate in relation to the price paid for our shares; and 

general economic and financial market conditions. 

We may change the dividend policy for our common stock in the future. 
 
 The decision to declare and pay dividends on our common stock in the future, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future dividends, will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our earnings, operating cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual prohibitions or other limitations under our indebtedness including preferred stock, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, state law and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant or are requirements under the Code or state or federal laws. Any negative change in our dividend policy could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Our charter and bylaws and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction, even if such a change in control may be in our best interest, and as a result may depress the market price of our securities. 
 
 Our charter contains certain ownership limits. Our charter contains various provisions that are intended to preserve our qualification as a REIT and, subject to certain exceptions, authorize our directors to take such actions as are necessary or appropriate to preserve our qualification as a REIT . For example, our charter prohibits the actual, beneficial or constructive ownership by any person of more than 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock, and more than 9.8 in value of the aggregate outstanding shares of all classes and series of our stock. Our Board of Directors, in its sole and absolute discretion, may exempt a person, prospectively or retroactively, from these ownership limits if certain conditions are satisfied. The restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock may: 

discourage a tender offer or other transactions or a change in management or of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or that our stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests; or 

result in the transfer of shares acquired in excess of the restrictions to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and, as a result, the forfeiture by the acquirer of the benefits of owning the additional shares. 

Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT and Related U.S. Federal Income Tax Matters 
 
 Loss of our tax status as a REIT or changes in U.S. federal income tax laws, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions relating to REITs could have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of our securities. 
 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Code. We believe that we are organized and operate in a manner that has allowed us to qualify and will allow us to remain qualified as a REIT under the Code. However, there can be no assurance that we have qualified or will continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

19

Table of Contents 

Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions, for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and U.S. Department of the Treasury. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors or us. New legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively change the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of such qualification or the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the ownership of our stock, the composition of our assets and the sources of our gross income. Also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains. Furthermore, we own a direct or indirect interest in certain subsidiary REITs which have elected to be taxed as REITs for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Code. Provided that each subsidiary REIT qualifies as a REIT, our interest in such subsidiary REIT will be treated as a qualifying real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests. To qualify as a REIT, the subsidiary REIT must independently satisfy all of the REIT qualification requirements. The failure of a subsidiary REIT to qualify as a REIT could have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 If we were to lose our REIT status, we would face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available to pay distributions to stockholders for each of the years involved because: 

we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends to stockholders in computing our taxable income, and we would be subject to the regular U.S. federal corporate income tax; 

we could possibly be subject to a federal alternative minimum tax or increased state and local taxes; 

unless we were entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified; and 

we would not be required to make distributions to stockholders. 

Our failure to qualify as a REIT or new legislation or changes in U.S. federal income tax laws including with respect to qualification as a REIT or the tax consequences of such qualification, could also impair our ability to expand our business or raise capital and have a materially adverse effect on the value of our securities. 
 
 To maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions, and the unavailability of such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income each year, excluding net capital gains, and we will be subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income taxes on the amount we distribute that is less than 100 of our net taxable income each year, including capital gains. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. While we have historically satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to our stockholders, a REIT is permitted to satisfy these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, its own stock. Assuming we continue to satisfy these distribution requirements with cash, we may need to borrow funds to meet the REIT distribution requirements and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of cash reserves or required debt or amortization payments. These sources, however, may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including the market's perception of our growth potential, our current debt levels, the market price of our common stock, and our current and potential future earnings. We cannot assure you that we will have access to such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, which may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and per share trading price of our common stock. 
 
 The tax imposed on REITs engaging in prohibited transactions may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 A REIT's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, or is held through a taxable REIT subsidiary, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors. 

20

Table of Contents 

Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 
 The maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for these reduced rates. U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct up to 20 of the ordinary dividends (i.e., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a REIT for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026. Although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs (generally to 29.6 assuming the shareholder is subject to the 37 maximum rate), such tax rate is still higher than the tax rate applicable to corporate dividends that constitute qualified dividend income. Accordingly, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends treated as qualified dividend income, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including the per share trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 Real Estate Portfolio. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had interests in 532 shopping center properties aggregating 90.8 million square feet of GLA located in 28 states. In addition, the Company had 23 other property interests, primarily through the Company s preferred equity investments and other investments, totaling 5.7 million square feet of GLA. Open-air shopping centers comprise the primary focus of the Company's current portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s Combined Shopping Center Portfolio, including noncontrolling interests, was 95.7 leased. 
 
 The Company's open-air shopping center properties, which are generally owned and operated through subsidiaries or joint ventures, had an average size of 170,754 square feet as of December 31, 2022. The Company generally retains its shopping centers for long-term investment and consequently pursues a program of regular physical maintenance together with redevelopment, major renovations and refurbishing to preserve and increase the value of its properties. This includes renovating existing facades, installing uniform signage, resurfacing parking lots and enhancing parking lot lighting. During 2022, the Company expended 113.9 million in connection with property redevelopments and 79.8 million related to improvements. 

21

Table of Contents 

The Company's management believes its experience in the real estate industry and its relationships with numerous national and regional tenants gives it an advantage in an industry where ownership is fragmented among a large number of property owners. The Company's open-air shopping centers are usually "anchored" by a grocery store, home improvement centers, off-price retailer, discounter or service-oriented tenant. As one of the original participants in the growth of the shopping center industry and the nation's largest owner and operator of shopping centers, the Company has established close relationships with a large number of major national and regional retailers. Some of the major national and regional companies that are tenants in the Company's shopping center properties include TJX Companies, The Home Depot, Albertsons Companies, Ross Stores, Amazon/Whole Foods Market, PetSmart, Ahold Delhaize, Kroger, Burlington Stores and Walmart. 
 
 The Company reduces its operating and leasing risks through diversification achieved by the geographic distribution of its properties and a large tenant base. As of December 31, 2022, no single open-air shopping center accounted for more than 1.3 of the Company's annualized base rental revenues, including the proportionate share of base rental revenues from properties in which the Company has less than a 100 economic interest, or more than 1.4 of the Company s total shopping center GLA. At December 31, 2022, the Company s five largest tenants were TJX Companies, The Home Depot, Ross Stores, Albertsons Companies and Amazon/Whole Foods Market, which represented 3.7 , 2.1 , 1.9 , 1.9 and 1.8 , respectively, of the Company s annualized base rental revenues, including the proportionate share of base rental revenues from properties in which the Company has less than a 100 economic interest. 
 
 A substantial portion of the Company's income consists of rent received under long-term leases. Most of the leases provide for the payment of fixed-base rentals monthly in advance and for the payment by tenants of an allocable share of the real estate taxes, insurance, utilities and common area maintenance expenses incurred in operating the shopping centers (certain of the leases provide for the payment of a fixed-rate reimbursement of these such expenses). Although many of the leases require the Company to make roof and structural repairs as needed, a number of tenant leases place that responsibility on the tenant, and the Company's standard small store lease provides for reimbursements by the tenant as part of common area maintenance. Additionally, many of the leases provide for reimbursements by the tenant of capital expenditures. 
 
 Minimum base rental revenues and operating expense reimbursements accounted for 97 and other revenues, including percentage rents, accounted for 3 of the Company's total revenues from rental properties for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company's management believes that the base rent per leased square foot for many of the Company's existing leases is generally lower than the prevailing market-rate base rents in the geographic regions where the Company operates, reflecting the potential for future growth. Additionally, a majority of the Company s leases have provisions requiring contractual rent increases. The Company s leases may also include escalation clauses, which provide for increases based upon changes in the consumer price index or similar inflation indices. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s consolidated operating portfolio, comprised of 428 shopping center properties aggregating 70.6 million square feet of GLA, was 95.5 leased. The consolidated operating portfolio consists entirely of properties located in the U.S., inclusive of Puerto Rico. For the period of January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, the Company increased the average base rent per leased square foot, which includes the impact of tenant concessions, in its consolidated portfolio of open-air shopping centers from 19.05 to 19.60, an increase of 0.55. This increase primarily consists of (i) a 0.28 increase relating to rent step-ups within the portfolio and new leases signed, net of leases vacated, (ii) a 0.17 increase relating to acquisitions and (iii) a 0.10 increase relating to dispositions. 
 
 The Company has a total of 8,292 leases in the consolidated operating portfolio. The following table sets forth the aggregate lease expirations for each of the next ten years, assuming no renewal options are exercised. For purposes of the table, the Total Annual Base Rent Expiring represents annualized rental revenue, excluding the impact of straight-line rent, for each lease that expires during the respective year. Amounts in thousands, except for number of leases data: 

Year Ending December 31, 
 
 Number of Leases Expiring 
 
 Square Feet Expiring 

Total Annual Base Rent Expiring 

of Gross Annual Rent 

(1) 
 
 167 
 
 469 

11,527 

0.9 

2023 
 
 867 
 
 4,771 

89,735 

7.2 

2024 
 
 1,185 
 
 7,648 

146,985 

11.8 

2025 
 
 1,149 
 
 8,134 

152,931 

12.3 

2026 
 
 1,071 
 
 9,563 

158,673 

12.7 

2027 
 
 1,138 
 
 9,726 

175,091 

14.0 

2028 
 
 790 
 
 7,860 

141,934 

11.4 

2029 
 
 432 
 
 3,915 

73,695 

5.9 

2030 
 
 321 
 
 2,612 

58,702 

4.7 

2031 
 
 338 
 
 2,385 

54,674 

4.4 

2032 
 
 402 
 
 2,901 

56,550 

4.5 

(1) 
 Leases currently under a month-to-month lease or in process of renewal. 

22

Table of Contents 

During 2022, the Company executed 1,696 leases totaling 10.7 million square feet in the Company s consolidated operating portfolio comprised of 525 new leases and 1,171 renewals and options. The leasing costs associated with these new leases are estimated to aggregate 107.4 million or 39.40 per square foot. These costs include 84.3 million of tenant improvements and 23.1 million of external leasing commissions. The average rent per square foot for (i) new leases was 21.76 and (ii) renewals and options was 18.20. The Company will seek to obtain rents that are higher than amounts within its expiring leases, however, there are many variables and uncertainties which can significantly affect the leasing market at any time; as such, the Company cannot guarantee that future leases will continue to be signed for rents that are equal to or higher than current amounts. 
 
 Ground-Leased Properties . 
 
 The Company has interests in 40 consolidated shopping center properties that are subject to long-term ground leases where a third party owns and has leased the underlying land to the Company to construct and/or operate a shopping center. The Company pays rent for the use of the land and generally is responsible for all costs and expenses associated with the building and improvements. At the end of these long-term leases, unless extended, the land together with all improvements reverts to the landowner. 
 
 More specific information with respect to each of the Company's property interests is set forth in Exhibit 99.1, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is not presently involved in any litigation nor, to its knowledge, is any litigation threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries that, in management's opinion, would result in any material effect on the Company's ownership, management or operation of its properties taken as a whole, or which is not covered by the Company's insurance. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

23

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information: The Company s common stock is traded on the NYSE under the trading symbol "KIM". 
 
 Holders: The number of holders of record of the Company's common stock, par value 0.01 per share, was 2,767 as of January 31, 2023. 
 
 Dividends: Since the IPO, the Company has paid regular quarterly cash dividends to its stockholders. While the Company intends to continue paying regular quarterly cash dividends, future dividend declarations will be paid at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the actual cash flows of the Company, its financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant. The Company s Board of Directors will continue to evaluate the Company s dividend policy on a quarterly basis as they monitor sources of capital and evaluate operating fundamentals. The Company is required by the Code to distribute at least 90 of its REIT taxable income determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. In addition, the Company will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it distributes less than 100 of its net taxable income, including any net capital gains. The actual cash flow available to pay dividends will be affected by a number of factors, including the revenues received from operating properties, the operating expenses of the Company, the interest expense on its borrowings, the ability of lessees to meet their obligations to the Company, the ability to refinance near-term debt maturities and any unanticipated capital expenditures. The following table reflects the income tax status of distributions per share paid to holders of shares of our common stock: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Dividend paid per share 

0.84 

0.68 

Ordinary income 

81 

77 

Capital gains 

16 

3 

Return of capital 

3 

20 

In addition to common stock offerings, the Company has capitalized on the growth in its business through the issuance of unsecured fixed rate medium-term notes, underwritten bonds, unsecured bank debt, mortgage debt and perpetual preferred stock. Borrowings under the Company's unsecured revolving credit facility have also been an interim source of funds to both finance the purchase of properties and other investments and meet any short-term working capital requirements. The various instruments governing the Company's issuance of its unsecured public debt, bank debt, mortgage debt and preferred stock impose certain restrictions on the Company regarding dividends, voting, liquidation and other preferential rights available to the holders of such instruments. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Footnotes 13, 14 and 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company does not believe that the preferential rights available to the holders of its Class L Preferred Stock and Class M Preferred Stock, the financial covenants contained in its public bond indentures, as amended, or the credit agreement for its Credit Facility will have an adverse impact on the Company's ability to pay dividends in the normal course to its common stockholders or to distribute amounts necessary to maintain its qualification as a REIT. 
 
 The Company maintains a dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan (the "Plan") pursuant to which common and preferred stockholders and other interested investors may elect to automatically reinvest their dividends to purchase shares of the Company s common stock or, through optional cash payments, purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The Company may, from time-to-time, either (i) purchase shares of its common stock in the open market or (ii) issue new shares of its common stock for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under the Plan. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities: None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities: 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to 900,000 depositary shares of Class L preferred stock and 1,058,000 depositary shares of Class M preferred stock through December 31, 2022, which represented up to an aggregate of 1,958 shares of the Company s preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 54,508 depositary shares of Class L preferred stock and 90,760 depositary shares of Class M preferred stock for a purchase price of 1.3 million and 2.1 million, respectively. 
 
 During February 2018, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program, which is scheduled to expire February 29, 2024. Under this program, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock, par value 0.01 per share, with an aggregate gross purchase price of up to 300.0 million. The Company did not repurchase any shares under the share repurchase program during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 224.9 million available under this common share repurchase program. 

24

Table of Contents 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 567,450 shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 13.7 million (weighted average price of 24.11 per share) in connection with common shares surrendered or deemed surrendered to the Company to satisfy statutory minimum tax withholding obligations in connection with equity-based compensation plans. 
 
 The following table presents information regarding the shares of common stock repurchased by the Company during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) 

October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 

1,791 

18.63 

- 

224.9 

November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

224.9 

December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 

4,472 

21.49 

- 

224.9 

Total 

6,263 

20.67 

- 

Total Stockholder Return Performance: The following performance chart compares, over the five years ended December 31, 2022, the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company s common stock with the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Index and the cumulative total return of the NAREIT Equity REITs Index (the NAREIT Equity REITs prepared and published by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). The NAREIT Equity REITs Index is a free-float adjusted, market capitalization-weighted index of U.S. equity REITs. Constituents of the index include all tax-qualified REITs with more than 50 of total assets in qualifying real estate assets other than mortgages secured by real property. 
 
 Stockholder return performance, presented annually for the five years ended December 31, 2022, is not necessarily indicative of future results. All stockholder return performance assumes the reinvestment of dividends. The information in this paragraph and the following performance chart are deemed to be furnished, not filed. 

Comparison of 5 year cumulative total return data points 

Dec-17 

Dec-18 

Dec-19 

Dec-20 

Dec-21 

Dec-22 

Kimco Realty Corporation 

100 

87 

130 

99 

167 

149 

S P 500 

100 

96 

126 

149 

192 

157 

NAREIT Equity REITs 

100 

95 

120 

111 

158 

120 

Item 6. Reserved 

25

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. Historical results and percentage relationships set forth in the Consolidated Statements of Income contained in the Consolidated Financial Statements, including trends, should not be taken as indicative of future operations. 
 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company include the accounts of the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries and all entities in which the Company has a controlling interest, including where the Company has been determined to be a primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity in accordance with the consolidation guidance of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The Company applies these provisions to each of its joint venture investments to determine whether the cost, equity or consolidation method of accounting is appropriate. The Company evaluates performance on a property specific or transactional basis and does not distinguish its principal business or group its operations on a geographical basis for purposes of measuring performance. Accordingly, the Company believes it has a single reportable segment for disclosure purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. In preparing these financial statements, management has made its best estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. These estimates are based on, but not limited to, historical results, industry standards and current economic conditions, giving due consideration to materiality. The Company s significant accounting policies are more fully described in Footnote 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company is required to make subjective assessments, of which, the most significant assumptions and estimates relate to the recoverability of trade accounts receivable, depreciable lives, valuation of real estate and intangible assets and liabilities, and valuation of joint venture investments and other investments. The Company s reported net earnings are directly affected by management s estimate of impairments. Application of these assumptions requires the exercise of judgment as to future uncertainties, and, as a result, actual results could materially differ from these estimates. 
 
 Trade Accounts Receivable 
 
 The Company reviews its trade accounts receivable, related to base rents, straight-line rent, expense reimbursements and other revenues for collectability. The Company evaluates the probability of the collection of the lessee s total accounts receivable, including the corresponding straight-line rent receivable balance on a lease-by-lease basis. Determining the probability of collection of substantially all lease payments during a lease term requires significant judgment. The Company s analysis of its accounts receivable included (i) customer credit worthiness, (ii) assessment of risk associated with the tenant, and (iii) current economic trends. In addition, tenants in bankruptcy are analyzed and considerations are made in connection with the expected recovery of pre-petition and post-petition bankruptcy claims. The Company includes provision for doubtful accounts in Revenues from rental properties, net. If a lessee s accounts receivable balance is considered uncollectible, the Company will write-off the receivable balances associated with the lease and will only recognize lease income on a cash basis. In addition to the lease-specific collectability assessment, the analysis also recognizes a general reserve, as a reduction to Revenues from rental properties, for its portfolio of operating lease receivables which are not expected to be fully collectible based on the Company s historical and current collection experience and the potential for settlement of arrears. Although the Company estimates uncollectible receivables and provides for them through charges against Revenues from rental properties, actual results may differ from those estimates. For example, in the event that the Company s collectability determinations are not accurate, and we are required to write off additional receivables equaling 1 of the outstanding accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2022, the Company s rental income and net income would decrease by 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. If the Company subsequently determines that it is probable it will collect the remaining lessee s lease payments under the lease term, any outstanding lease receivables (including straight-line rent receivables) are reinstated with a corresponding increase to rental income. 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 Valuation of Real Estate, and Intangible Assets and Liabilities 
 
 The Company s investments in real estate properties are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Significant renovations and replacements, which improve and extend the life of the asset, are capitalized. 
 
 Transaction costs related to acquisitions that qualify as asset acquisitions are capitalized as part of the cost basis of the acquired assets, while transaction costs for acquisitions that are deemed to be business combinations are expensed as incurred. Also, upon acquisition of real estate operating properties in either an asset acquisition or business combination, the Company estimates the fair value of acquired tangible assets (consisting of land, building, building improvements and tenant improvements) and identified intangible assets and liabilities (consisting of above and below-market leases, in-place leases, and tenant relationships, where applicable), assumed debt and redeemable units issued at the date of acquisition, based on evaluation of information and estimates available at that date. Fair value is determined based on a market approach, which contemplates the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

26

Table of Contents 

Depreciation and amortization are provided on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows: 

Buildings and building improvements (in years) 
 
 5 to 50 

Fixtures, leasehold and tenant improvements (including certain identified intangible assets) 
 
 Terms of leases or useful lives, whichever is shorter 

The Company is required to make subjective assessments as to the useful lives of its properties for purposes of determining the amount of depreciation to reflect on an annual basis with respect to those properties. These assessments have a direct impact on the Company s net earnings. 
 
 During 2022, the Company acquired properties for a total purchase price of 524.9 million. 8.4 million, or less than 1.6 of the total purchase price, was allocated to above-market leases and 24.1 million, or 4.6 was allocated to below-market leases. If the amounts allocated in 2022 to above-market and below-market leases were each reduced by 1 of the total purchase price, the net annual market lease amortization through rental income would decrease by 0.9 million (using the weighted average life of above-market and below-market leases at each respective acquired property). 
 
 On a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance, changes in anticipated holding period, general market conditions and delays of development, that the value of the real estate properties (including any related amortizable intangible assets or liabilities) may be impaired. A property value is considered impaired only if management s estimate of current and projected operating cash flows, net of anticipated construction and leasing costs (undiscounted and unleveraged), of the property over its anticipated hold period is less than the net carrying value of the property. Such cash flow projections consider factors such as expected future costs of materials and labor, operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other factors. To the extent impairment has occurred, the carrying value of the property would be adjusted to reflect the estimated fair value of the property. The Company s estimated fair values are primarily based upon estimated sales prices from signed contracts or letters of intent from third parties, discounted cash flow models or third-party appraisals. Estimated fair values that are based on discounted cash flow models include all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period. Capitalization rates and discount rates utilized in these models are based upon unobservable rates that the Company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates. 
 
 See Footnote 3, 4 and 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 
 Valuation of Joint Venture Investments and Other Investments 
 
 On a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance and general market conditions, that the value of the Company s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures may be impaired. An investment s value is impaired only if management s estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the investment and such difference is deemed to be other-than-temporary. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss will be measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the estimated fair value of the investment. Estimated fair values which are based on discounted cash flow models include all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period, capitalization rates and discount rates utilized in these models are based upon unobservable rates that the Company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates. 
 
 See Footnote 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s accounting policies and estimates. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 
 Kimco Realty Corporation is North America s largest publicly traded owner and operator of open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers, and a growing portfolio of mixed-use assets. The executive officers are engaged in the day-to-day management and operation of real estate exclusively with the Company, with nearly all operating functions, including leasing, asset management, maintenance, construction, legal, finance and accounting, administered by the Company. 
 
 Weingarten Merger 
 
 On August 3, 2021, Weingarten merged with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving public company, pursuant to the Merger Agreement between the Company and Weingarten which was entered into on April 15, 2021. The total purchase price of the Merger was 4.1 billion, which consists primarily of 179.9 million shares of the Company s common stock issued in exchange for Weingarten common shares, plus 281.1 million of cash consideration. The Merger brought together two industry-leading retail real estate platforms with highly complementary portfolios and created the preeminent open-air shopping center and mixed-use real estate owner in the country. As a result of the Merger, the Company acquired 149 properties, including 30 held through joint venture programs. The increased scale in targeted growth markets, coupled with a broader pipeline of redevelopment opportunities, has positioned the combined company to create significant value for its shareholders. See Footnote 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding the Merger. 
 
 Corporate UPREIT Reorganization 
 
 In January of 2023, the Company completed the Reorganization into an UPREIT structure as described in the Explanatory Note at the beginning of this Annual Report. Prior to the Reorganization, the Company s business was conducted through the Predecessor. This Annual Report pertains to the business and results of operations of the Predecessor for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. As a result of the Reorganization, the Company became the successor issuer to the Predecessor under the Exchange Act. The Company and Kimco OP have elected to co-file this Annual Report of the Predecessor to ensure continuity of information to investors. For additional information about the Reorganization, please see the Company s Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 3, 2023 and January 4, 2023. 

27

Table of Contents 

Financial Highlights 
 
 The following highlights the Company s significant transactions, events and results that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Financial and Portfolio Information: 

Net income available to the Company s common shareholders was 100.8 million, or 0.16 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 818.6 million, or 1.60 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

FFO available to the Company's common shareholders was 976.4 million, or 1.58 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 706.8 million, or 1.38 per diluted share, for the corresponding period in 2021 (see additional disclosure on FFO beginning on page 40). 

Same property net operating income Same property NOI was 1.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1.2 billion for the corresponding period in 2021, an increase of 4.4 (see additional disclosure on Same property NOI beginning on page 40). 

Executed 1,696 new leases, renewals and options totaling approximately 10.7 million square feet in the consolidated operating portfolio during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Consolidated operating portfolio occupancy at December 31, 2022 was 95.5 as compared to 94.2 at December 31, 2021. 

Acquisitions, Dispositions and Other Activity (see Footnotes 4, 5 and 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K): 

Acquired 10 operating properties and eight parcels, in separate transactions, for 524.9 million 

Disposed of nine operating properties and 13 parcels, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of 191.1 million, which resulted in aggregate gains of 15.2 million, before noncontrolling interests and taxes. 

Monetized 11.5 million of shares of ACI held by the Company, generating net proceeds of 301.1 million and a book gain of 15.2 million. For tax purposes, the Company recognized a long-term capital gain of 251.5 million. The Company has elected to retain the proceeds from this stock sale for general corporate purposes and pay corporate income tax of 57.2 million on the taxable gain. The Company held 28.3 million shares of ACI as of December 31, 2022. 

Capital Activity (for additional details see Liquidity and Capital Resources below): 

Issued 650.0 million of 4.60 notes maturing February 2033 and 600.0 million of 3.20 notes maturing in April 2032. 

Repaid 1.4 billion of notes bearing interest rates from 3.13 to 3.50 with maturity dates ranging from October 2022 to June 2023. 

Assumed 79.4 million of mortgage debt (including fair market value adjustment of 9.4 million) encumbering six operating properties acquired in 2022 and obtained a 19.0 million mortgage relating to a consolidated joint venture operating property. 

Repaid 158.4 million of mortgage debt that encumbered 11 operating properties. 

As of December 31, 2022, had 2.1 billion in immediate liquidity, including 149.8 million in cash. 

28

Table of Contents 

As a result of the above debt activity, the Company s consolidated debt maturity profile, including extension options as of December 31, 2022, is as follows: 

As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average interest rate was 3.49 and the weighted average maturity profile was 9.5 years related to the Company s consolidated debt. 

The Company faces external factors which may influence its future results from operations. There remains significant uncertainty in the current macro-economic environment, driven by inflationary pressures, as well as ongoing supply chain issues. These factors have impacted, and are expected to continue to impact, consumer discretionary spending and many of our tenants. The convenience and availability of e-commerce has continued to impact the retail sector, which could affect our ability to increase or maintain rental rates and our ability to renew expiring leases and/or lease available space. To better position itself, the Company s strategy has been to attract local area customers to its properties by providing a diverse and robust tenant base across a variety of retailers, including grocery stores, off-price retailers, discounters and service-oriented tenants, which offer buy online and pick up in store, off-price merchandise and day-to-day necessities rather than high-priced luxury items. 
 
 The Company s portfolio is focused on first ring suburbs around major metropolitan-area U.S. markets, predominantly on the east and west coasts and in the sun belt region, which are supported by strong demographics, significant projected population growth, and where the Company perceives significant barriers to entry. The Company owns a predominantly grocery-anchored portfolio clustered in the nation s top markets. The Company believes it can continue to increase its occupancy levels, rental rates and overall rental growth. In addition, the Company, on a selective basis, has developed or redeveloped projects which include residential and mixed-use components. 
 
 As part of the Company s investment strategy, each property is evaluated for its highest and best use, which may include residential and mixed-use components. In addition, the Company may consider other opportunistic investments related to retailer controlled real estate, such as, repositioning underperforming retail locations, retail real estate financing and bankruptcy transaction support. The Company may continue to dispose of certain properties. If the estimated fair value for any of these assets is less than their net carrying values, the Company would be required to take impairment charges and such amounts could be material. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could impact our future results, performance or transactions, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

29

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Results from operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 include the combined operations for five months as a result of the Company s Merger with Weingarten which occurred on August 3, 2021. The following table presents the comparative results from the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding period in 2021 (in thousands, except per share data): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Revenues 

Revenues from rental properties, net 

1,710,848 

1,349,702 

361,146 

Management and other fee income 

16,836 

14,883 

1,953 

Operating expenses 

Rent (1) 

(15,811) 

(13,773) 

(2,038) 

Real estate taxes 

(224,729) 

(181,256) 

(43,473) 

Operating and maintenance (2) 

(290,367) 

(222,882) 

(67,485) 

General and administrative (3) 

(119,534) 

(104,121) 

(15,413) 

Impairment charges 

(21,958) 

(3,597) 

(18,361) 

Merger charges 

- 

(50,191) 

50,191 

Depreciation and amortization 

(505,000) 

(395,320) 

(109,680) 

Gain on sale of properties 

15,179 

30,841 

(15,662) 

Other income/(expense) 

Other income, net 

28,829 

19,810 

9,019 

(Loss)/gain on marketable securities, net 

(315,508) 

505,163 

(820,671) 

Interest expense 

(226,823) 

(204,133) 

(22,690) 

Early extinguishment of debt charges 

(7,658) 

- 

(7,658) 

Provision for income taxes, net 

(56,654) 

(3,380) 

(53,274) 

Equity in income of joint ventures, net 

109,481 

84,778 

24,703 

Equity in income of other investments, net 

17,403 

23,172 

(5,769) 

Net loss/(income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

11,442 

(5,637) 

17,079 

Preferred dividends 

(25,218) 

(25,416) 

198 

Net income available to the Company's common shareholders 

100,758 

818,643 

(717,885) 

Net income available to the Company's common shareholders: 

Diluted per share 

0.16 

1.60 

(1.44) 

(1) 
 Rent expense relates to ground lease payments for which the Company is the lessee. 

(2) 
 Operating and maintenance expense consists of property related costs including repairs and maintenance costs, roof repair, landscaping, parking lot repair, snow removal, utilities, property insurance costs, security and various other property related expenses. 

(3) 
 General and administrative expense includes employee-related expenses (including salaries, bonuses, equity awards, benefits, severance costs and payroll taxes), professional fees, office rent, travel and entertainment costs and other company-specific expenses. 

Net income available to the Company s common shareholders was 100.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 818.6 million for the comparable period in 2021. On a diluted per share basis, net income available to the Company s common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 0.16 as compared to 1.60 for the comparable period in 2021. For additional disclosure, see Footnote 28 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 The following describes the changes of certain line items included on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income, that the Company believes changed significantly and affected Net income available to the Company s common shareholders during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding period in 2021: 
 
 Revenue from rental properties, net 
 
 The increase in Revenues from rental properties, net of 361.1 million is primarily from (i) an increase in revenues of 332.6 million due to properties acquired during 2022 and 2021, including the results of the Merger, and (ii) an increase in revenues from tenants of 53.7 million primarily due to an increase in leasing activity and net growth in the current portfolio, partially offset by (iii) a net decrease of 19.6 million due to changes in credit losses from tenants, (iv) a decrease in revenues of 3.1 million due to dispositions in 2022 and 2021 and (v) a decrease in lease termination fee income of 2.5 million. 
 
 Real estate taxes 
 
 The increase in Real estate taxes of 43.5 million is primarily due to properties acquired during 2022 and 2021, including the impact of the Merger. 

30

Table of Contents 

Operating and maintenance 
 
 The increase in Operating and maintenance expense of 67.5 million is primarily due to (i) properties acquired during 2022 and 2021, including the impact of the Merger, and (ii) increases in repairs and maintenance, utilities and other operating costs throughout the Company s operating properties. 
 
 General and administrative 
 
 The increase in General and administrative expense of 15.4 million is primarily due to (i) an increase in employee-related expenses of 10.5 million resulting from additional employees hired in connection with the Merger and (ii) an increase in professional fees and corporate expenses of 6.6 million, including costs related to the Company s UPREIT Reorganization, partially offset by (iii) a decrease of 1.7 million primarily due to the fluctuations in value of various directors deferred stock. 
 
 Impairment charges 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized impairment charges of 22.0 million and 3.6 million, respectively, primarily related to adjustments to property carrying values for which the Company s estimated fair values were primarily based upon signed contracts or letters of intent from third-party offers. These adjustments to property carrying values were recognized in connection with the Company s efforts to market certain properties and management s assessment as to the likelihood and timing of such potential transactions. Certain of the calculations to determine fair values utilized unobservable inputs and, as such, were classified as Level 3 of the FASB s fair value hierarchy. For additional disclosure, see Footnotes 6 and 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 Merger charges 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred costs of 50.2 million associated with the Merger. These charges are primarily comprised of severance costs and professional and legal fees. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 The increase in Depreciation and amortization of 109.7 million is primarily due to (i) an increase of 166.7 million resulting from properties acquired during 2022 and 2021, including the impact of the Merger, and (ii) an increase of 1.4 million due to depreciation commencing on certain redevelopment projects that were placed into service during 2022 and 2021, partially offset by (iii) a net decrease of 58.4 million primarily from fully depreciated assets and write-offs due to tenant vacates and dispositions during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Gain on sale of properties 
 
 During 2022, the Company disposed of nine operating properties and 13 parcels, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of 191.1 million, which resulted in aggregate gains of 15.2 million. During 2021, the Company disposed of 13 operating properties and 10 parcels (including the deconsolidation of six operating properties), in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of 612.4 million, which resulted in aggregate gains of 30.8 million. 
 
 Other income, net 
 
 The increase in Other income, net of 9.0 million is primarily due to (i) a net increase in mortgage and other financing income of 9.4 million, including profit participation of 4.0 million relating to the repayment of a loan, and (ii) an increase in dividend, interest and other income of 3.2 million, partially offset by (iii) a decrease in net periodic benefit income of 3.6 million relating to the Company s defined benefit plan. 
 
 (Loss)/gain on marketable securities, net 
 
 The change in (Loss)/gain on marketable securities, net of 820.7 million is primarily the result of mark-to-market fluctuations of the shares of ACI common stock held by the Company. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 The increase in Interest expense of 22.7 million is primarily due to (i) increased levels of borrowings resulting from the assumption of senior unsecured notes and mortgages in connection with the Merger and public debt offerings, partially offset by (ii) the repayment of senior unsecured notes and mortgages during 2022 and 2021 and (iii) an increase in fair market value amortization, primarily related to the assumption of debt in connection with the Merger and acceleration due to the repayment of senior unsecured notes in 2022. 

31

Table of Contents 

Early extinguishment of debt charges 
 
 The increase in Early extinguishment of debt charges of 7.7 million is primarily due to the Company s repayment of its 500.0 million 3.40 senior unsecured notes, which were scheduled to mature in November 2022. As a result, the Company incurred a prepayment charge of 6.5 million and 0.7 million from the write-off of deferred financing costs during 2022. 
 
 Provision for income taxes, net 
 
 The increase in Provision for income taxes, net of 53.3 million is primarily due to the sale of 11.5 million of the shares of ACI held by the Company, which generated a taxable long-term capital gain. The Company elected to retain the proceeds from the sale and as a result incurred federal corporate and state income tax aggregating 57.2 million on such gain. 
 
 Equity in income of joint ventures, net 
 
 The increase in Equity in income of joint ventures, net of 24.7 million is primarily due to (i) an increase in net gains of 21.9 million resulting from the sale of properties within various joint venture investments during 2022, as compared to 2021, and (ii) an increase in equity in income of 4.5 million from ownership interests acquired in unconsolidated joint ventures in connection with the Merger, partially offset by (iii) an increase in impairment charges of 1.7 million recognized during 2022, as compared to 2021. 
 
 Equity in income of other investments, net 
 
 The decrease in Equity in income of other investments, net of 5.8 million is primarily due to the sale of properties within the Company s Preferred Equity Program during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Net loss/(income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
 The change in Net loss/(income) attributable to noncontrolling interests of 17.1 million is primarily due to (i) impairment charges relating to properties within consolidated joint ventures recognized during 2022, partially offset by (ii) an increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily related to consolidated joint ventures acquired in the Merger. 
 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Information pertaining to fiscal year 2020 was included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which was filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The Company s capital resources include accessing the public debt and equity capital markets, unsecured term loans, mortgages and construction loan financing, marketable securities (including 28.3 million shares of ACI common stock held by the Company, which had a value of 587.7 million at December 31, 2022 and are subject to certain contractual lock-up provisions that expire in May 2023) and immediate access to an unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with bank commitments of 2.0 billion which can be increased to 2.75 billion through an accordion feature. 
 
 The Company s cash flow activities are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

334,663 

293,188 

Net cash flow provided by operating activities 

861,114 

618,875 

Net cash flow used for investing activities 

(63,217) 

(476,259) 

Net cash flow used for financing activities 

(982,731) 

(101,141) 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(184,834) 

41,475 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

149,829 

334,663 

Operating Activities 
 
 The Company anticipates that cash on hand, net cash flow provided by operating activities, borrowings under its Credit Facility and the issuance of equity, public debt, as well as other debt and equity alternatives, and the sale of marketable equity securities, will provide the necessary capital required by the Company. The Company will continue to evaluate its capital requirements for both its short-term and long-term liquidity needs, which could be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of the current inflationary environment, rising interest rates, and other risks detailed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors 

32

Table of Contents 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 861.1. million, as compared to 618.9 million for the comparable period in 2021. The increase of 242.2 million is primarily attributable to: 

additional operating cash flow generated by operating properties acquired during 2022 and 2021, including those acquired from the Merger; 

new leasing, expansion and re-tenanting of core portfolio properties; 

changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses due to timing of receipts and payments; and 

nonrecurring costs incurred in connection with the Merger during 2021, partially offset by 

changes in operating assets and liabilities due to timing of receipts and payments; 

a decrease in distributions from the Company s joint ventures programs due to the sale of properties within the ventures; and 

the disposition of operating properties in 2022 and 2021. 

Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash flows used for investing activities was 63.2 million for 2022, as compared to 476.3 million for 2021. 
 
 Investing activities during 2022 consisted primarily of: 
 
 Cash inflows: 

302.5 million in proceeds from the sale of marketable securities, primarily due to the sale of 11.5 million shares of ACI; 

184.3 million in proceeds from the sale of nine consolidated properties and 13 parcels; 

68.4 million in reimbursements of investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures and other investments primarily due to the sale of properties within the investments; 

60.3 million in collection of mortgage and other financing receivables; and 

4.0 million for principal payments from securities held to maturity. 

Cash outflows: 

300.8 million for the acquisition of 10 consolidated operating properties and eight parcels; 

193.7 million for improvements to operating real estate primarily related to the Company s active redevelopment pipeline; 

104.7 million for investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures, primarily related to partner buyouts and a redevelopment project within the Company s joint venture portfolio, and investments in other investments, primarily related to funding commitments for certain investments; 

75.1 million for investment in mortgage and other financing receivables; 

4.5 million for investment in cost method investments; and 

4.0 million for investment in marketable securities. 

Investing activities during 2021 consisted primarily of: 
 
 Cash inflows: 

302.8 million in proceeds from the sale of 13 consolidated properties and 10 parcels (including the deconsolidation of 6 operating properties); 

111.9 million in reimbursements of investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures and other investments primarily due to the sale of properties within the investments; and 

13.8 million in collection of mortgage and other financing receivables. 

Cash outflows: 

356.0 million for the acquisition of 11 consolidated operating properties and one parcel; 

264.0 million net cash consideration paid in conjunction with the Merger; 

163.7 million for improvements to operating real estate primarily related to the Company s active redevelopment pipeline; 

67.1 million for investments in and advances to other investments, primarily related to a preferred equity investment located in San Antonio, TX; 

41.9 million for investment in other financing receivables; and 

12.6 million for investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures, primarily related to a redevelopment project within the Company s joint venture portfolio. 

33

Table of Contents 

Acquisitions of Operating Real Estate and Other Related Net Assets 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company expended 300.8 million and 619.9 million, respectively, towards the acquisition of operating real estate properties, including the Merger in 2021. The Company anticipates spending approximately 125.0 million to 250.0 million towards the acquisition of operating properties during 2023. The Company intends to fund these acquisitions with cash on hand, net cash flow provided by operating activities, proceeds from property dispositions, proceeds from the sale of marketable securities and/or availability under its Credit Facility. 
 
 Improvements to Operating Real Estate 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company expended 193.7 million and 163.7 million, respectively, towards improvements to operating real estate. These amounts consist of the following (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Redevelopment and renovations 

113,928 

100,784 

Tenant improvements and tenant allowances 

79,782 

62,915 

Total improvements 

193,710 

163,699 

The Company has an ongoing program to redevelop and re-tenant its properties to maintain or enhance its competitive position in the marketplace. The Company is actively pursuing redevelopment opportunities within its operating portfolio which it believes will increase the overall value by bringing in new tenants and improving the assets value. The Company anticipates its capital commitment toward these redevelopment projects and re-tenanting efforts for 2023 will be approximately 175.0 million to 225.0 million. The funding of these capital requirements will be provided by cash on hand, proceeds from property dispositions, proceeds from the sale of marketable securities, net cash flow provided by operating activities and/or availability under the Company s Credit Facility. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash flows used for financing activities was 982.7 million for 2022, as compared to 101.1 million for 2021. 
 
 Financing activities during 2022 primarily consisted of the following: 
 
 Cash inflows: 

1.25 billion in proceeds from issuance of the Company s 600.0 million 3.20 senior unsecured notes due 2032 and 650.0 million 4.60 senior unsecured notes due 2033; 

19.0 million in proceeds from a mortgage loan financing; 

15.5 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock; and 

5.3 million from changes in tenants security deposits. 

Cash outflows: 

1.4 billion for repayment of four separate senior unsecured notes, which had maturity dates ranging from November 2022 to June 2023; 

544.7 million of dividends paid; 

167.7 million in principal payment on debt, including normal amortization of rental property debt; 

67.5 million in redemption/distribution of noncontrolling interests; 

20.3 million in financing origination costs, in connection with the issuance of senior unsecured notes; 

13.7 million in shares repurchased for employee tax withholding on equity awards; 

7.0 million for payment of early extinguishment of debt charges; and 

3.4 million for repurchase of preferred stock. 

Financing activities during 2021 primarily consisted of the following: 
 
 Cash inflows: 

500.0 million in proceeds from issuance of 2.25 senior unsecured notes due in 2031; and 

83.0 million in proceeds from issuance of common stock, primarily related to the Company s at-the-market continuous offering program and the exercise of employee stock options. 

Cash outflows: 

382.1 million of dividends paid; 

239.9 million in principal payment on debt, including normal amortization of rental property debt; 

34.6 million in redemption/distribution of noncontrolling interests; 

20.8 million in shares repurchased for employee tax withholding on equity awards; and 

8.2 million in financing origination costs, primarily in connection with the Company s issuance of 500.0 million of senior unsecured notes. 

34

Table of Contents 

The Company continually evaluates its debt maturities, and, based on management s current assessment, believes it has viable financing and refinancing alternatives that will not materially adversely impact its expected financial results. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had consolidated floating rate debt totaling 18.4 million, excluding deferred financing costs of 0.1 million. The Company continues to pursue borrowing opportunities with large commercial U.S. and global banks, select life insurance companies and certain regional and local banks. 
 
 Debt maturities for 2023 consist of: 12.0 million of consolidated debt, 38.1 million of unconsolidated joint venture debt and 32.3 million of debt included in the Company's preferred equity program, assuming the utilization of extension options where available. The 2023 consolidated debt maturities are anticipated to be repaid with operating cash flows or debt refinancing, as deemed appropriate. The 2023 debt maturities on properties in the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures are anticipated to be repaid through operating cash flows, debt refinancing, unsecured credit facilities, proceeds from sales within the respective entities, and partner capital contributions, as deemed appropriate. 
 
 The Company intends to maintain strong debt service coverage and fixed charge coverage ratios as part of its commitment to maintain or improve its unsecured debt ratings. The Company may, from time to time, seek to obtain funds through additional common and preferred equity offerings, unsecured debt financings and/or mortgage/construction loan financings and other capital alternatives. 
 
 Since the completion of the Company s IPO in 1991, the Company has utilized the public debt and equity markets as its principal source of capital for its expansion needs. Since the IPO, the Company has completed additional offerings of its public unsecured debt and equity, raising in the aggregate over 17.4 billion. Proceeds from public capital market activities have been used for the purposes of, among other things, repaying indebtedness, acquiring interests in open-air, grocery anchored shopping centers and mixed-use assets, expanding and improving properties in the portfolio and other investments. 
 
 During January 2023, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which is effective for a term of three years, for future unlimited offerings, from time to time, of debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock and common stock warrants. The Company, pursuant to this shelf registration statement may, from time to time, offer for sale its senior unsecured debt securities for any general corporate purposes, including (i) funding specific liquidity requirements in its business, including property acquisitions, development and redevelopment costs and (ii) managing the Company s debt maturities. 
 
 During January 2023, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-8 for its 2020 Equity Participation Plan (the 2020 Plan ), which was previously approved by the Company s stockholders and is a successor to the Restated Kimco Realty Corporation 2010 Equity Participation Plan that expired in March 2020. The 2020 Plan provides for a maximum of 10,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock to be reserved for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalents, stock payments and deferred stock awards. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 6.9 million shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. (see Footnote 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K). 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company s Board of Director s authorized the repurchase of up to 900,000 depositary shares of Class L preferred stock and 1,058,000 depositary shares of Class M preferred stock representing up to 1,958 shares the Company s preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share through December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased the following preferred stock: 

Class of Preferred Stock 
 
 Depositary Shares Repurchased 

Purchase Price (in millions) 

Class L 

54,508 

1.3 

Class M 

90,760 

2.1 

Common Stock 
 
 During August 2021, the Company established an at-the-market continuous offering program (the ATM program pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell from time-to-time shares of its common stock, par value 0.01 per share, with an aggregate gross sales price of up to 500.0 million through a consortium of banks acting as sales agents. Sales of the shares of common stock may be made, as needed, from time to time in at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, including by means of ordinary brokers transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise (i) at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, (ii) at prices related to prevailing market prices or (iii) as otherwise agreed to with the applicable sales agent. In addition, the Company may from time to time enter into separate forward sale agreements with one or more banks. During 2022, the Company issued 450,000 shares and received net proceeds after commissions of 11.3 million. During 2021, the Company issued 3.5 million shares and received net proceeds after commissions of 76.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 411.0 million available under this ATM program. 

35

Table of Contents 

The Company has a share repurchase program, which is scheduled to expire on February 29, 2024. Under this program, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock, par value 0.01 per share, with an aggregate gross purchase price of up to 300.0 million. The Company did not repurchase any shares under the share repurchase program during 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 224.9 million available under this common share repurchase program. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued the following senior unsecured notes (dollars in millions): 

Date Issued 
 
 Amount Issued 

Interest Rate 

Maturity Date 

Aug-22 

650.0 

4.600 

Feb-33 

Feb-22 

600.0 

3.200 

Apr-32 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company fully repaid the following senior unsecured notes (dollars in millions): 

Date Paid 
 
 Amount Repaid 

Interest Rate 

Maturity Date 

Sep-22 (1) 

299.7 

3.500 

Apr-23 

Sep-22 (1) (2) 

350.0 

3.125 

Jun-23 

Sep-22 (1) (2) 

299.4 

3.375 

Oct-22 

Mar-22 (3) 

500.0 

3.400 

Nov-22 

(1) 
 There were no prepayment charges associated with this early repayment. 

(2) 
 Includes partial repayments during May and June 2022. 

(3) 
 The Company incurred a prepayment charge of 6.5 million and 0.7 million in write-off of deferred financing costs resulting from this early repayment, which are included in Early extinguishment of debt charges on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The Company s supplemental indenture governing its senior notes contains the following covenants, all of which the Company is compliant with: 

Covenant 
 
 Must Be 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Consolidated Indebtedness to Total Assets 

37 

Consolidated Secured Indebtedness to Total Assets 

2 

Consolidated Income Available for Debt Service to Maximum Annual Service Charge 
 
 >1.50x 
 
 3.9x 

Unencumbered Total Asset Value to Consolidated Unsecured Indebtedness 
 
 >1.50x 
 
 2.5x 

For a full description of the various indenture covenants refer to the Indenture dated September 1, 1993; the First Supplemental Indenture dated August 4, 1994; the Second Supplemental Indenture dated April 7, 1995; the Third Supplemental Indenture dated June 2, 2006; the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated April 26, 2007; the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2009; the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 23, 2013; Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 24, 2014; and the Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 3, 2023 each as filed with the SEC. See the Index to Exhibits included in this Form 10-K for specific filing information. 
 
 In addition, for a full description of the various indenture covenants for senior unsecured notes assumed during the Merger, refer to the Indenture dated May 1, 1995 included as an exhibit to Weingarten s Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 1, 1995; First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 2, 2006, included as an exhibit to Weingarten s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 2, 2006, Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 9, 2012 filed with Weingarten s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 9, 2012. See the Exhibits Index in this Form 10-K for specific filing information. 
 
 In connection with the Reorganization, Kimco OP became the issuer of the senior notes and the Parent Company has provided a full and unconditional guarantee of Kimco OP s obligations under each series of senior notes previously issued and outstanding. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 
 The Company had a 2.0 billion Credit Facility with a group of banks which was scheduled to expire in March 2024, with two additional six-month options to extend the maturity date, at the Company s discretion, to March 2025. The Credit Facility was a green credit facility tied to sustainability metric targets, as described in the agreement. In July 2022, the Company amended the Credit Facility to (i) replace LIBOR borrowings with Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR borrowings, (ii) supplement the sustainability grid with an additional one basis point reduction of applicable margin if certain criteria as defined in the Credit Facility are met, (iii) add a leverage metric test which, if met, reduces the applicable margin by five basis points and (iv) obtain pre-approval of a possible organizational conversion to an UPREIT structure. The Company achieved such sustainability metric targets, which effectively reduced the rate on the Credit Facility by two basis points. The Credit Facility, which accrued interest at a rate of Adjusted Term SOFR, as defined in the terms of the Credit Facility, plus 75.5 basis points (5.21 as of December 31, 2022), and can be increased to 2.75 billion through an accordion feature. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility, the Company, among other things, was subject to covenants requiring the maintenance of (i) maximum indebtedness ratios and (ii) minimum interest and fixed charge coverage ratios. As of December 31, 2022, the Credit Facility had no outstanding balance and appropriations for letters of credit of 1.2 million. 

36

Table of Contents 

In February 2023, the Company closed on a new 2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the New Credit Facility with a group of banks, which is scheduled to expire in March 2027 with two additional six-month options to extend the maturity date, at the Company s discretion, to March 2028. The New Credit Facility can be increased to 2.75 billion through an accordion feature. The New Credit Facility is a green credit facility tied to sustainability metric targets, as described in the agreement. The New Credit Facility replaces the Company s Credit Facility discussed above, that was scheduled to mature in March 2024. The New Credit Facility accrues interest at a rate of Adjusted Term SOFR, as defined in the terms of the New Credit Facility, plus 77.5 basis points and fluctuates in accordance with the Company's credit ratings, which can be further adjusted upward or downward by four basis points based on the sustainability metric targets, as defined in the agreement. The Company achieved certain sustainability metric targets, which effectively reduced the rate on the New Credit Facility by two basis points. Pursuant to the terms of the New Credit Facility, the Company continues to be subject to the same covenants under the Credit Facility. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility, the Company, among other things, is subject to maintenance of various covenants. The Company is currently in compliance with these covenants. The financial covenants for the Credit Facility are as follows: 

Covenant 
 
 Must Be 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Total Indebtedness to Gross Asset Value GAV 

38 

Total Priority Indebtedness to GAV 

2 

Unencumbered Asset Net Operating Income to Total Unsecured Interest Expense 
 
 >1.75x 
 
 4.6x 

Fixed Charge Total Adjusted EBITDA to Total Debt Service 
 
 >1.50x 
 
 4.1x 

For a full description of the Credit Facility s covenants, refer to Amendment No. 2, dated July 12, 2022, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated February 27, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, file with the SEC on July 29, 2022. See the Index to Exhibits included in this Form 10-K for specific filing information. 
 
 Mortgages Payable 
 
 During 2022, the Company (i) assumed 79.4 million of mortgage debt (including fair market value adjustment of 9.4 million) encumbering six operating properties acquired in 2022, (ii) obtained a 19.0 million mortgage relating to a consolidated joint venture operating property and (iii) repaid 158.4 million of mortgage debt (including fair market value adjustment of 0.5 million) that encumbered 11 operating properties. 
 
 In addition to the public equity and debt markets as capital sources, the Company may, from time to time, obtain mortgage financing on selected properties to partially fund the capital needs of its real estate re-development and re-tenanting projects. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had over 485 unencumbered property interests in its portfolio. 
 
 Albertsons Companies, Inc. 
 
 In October 2022, the Company sold 11.5 million shares of ACI held by the Company, generating net proceeds of 301.1 million. For tax purposes, the Company recognized a long-term capital gain of 251.5 million. The Company elected to retain the proceeds from this stock sale for general corporate purposes and pay corporate income tax of 57.2 million on the taxable gain. This undistributed long-term capital gain is allocated to, and reportable by, each shareholder, and each shareholder is also entitled to claim a federal income tax credit for its allocable share of the federal income tax paid by the Company for 2022. The allocable share of the long-term capital gain and the federal tax credit will be reported to direct holders of Kimco common shares, on Form 2439, and to others in year-end reporting documents issued by brokerage firms if Kimco shares are held in a brokerage account. As of December 31, 2022, the Company holds 28.3 million shares of ACI, which had a value of 587.7 million, which are subject to certain contractual lock-up provisions that expire in May 2023. 
 
 On October 13, 2022, The Kroger Co. Kroger and ACI entered into a definitive merger agreement ACI Merger ), with Kroger continuing as the surviving public company. The ACI Merger is subject to numerous regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Separate from the ACI Merger, on October 13, 2022, ACI declared a special cash dividend of 6.85 per share to ACI shareholders of record as of the close of business on October 24, 2022 and was scheduled to be paid on November 7, 2022. 
 
 On November 3, 2022, the Superior Court of King County in the State of Washington issued an order temporarily restraining the payment of the special dividend in the case State of Washington v. Albertsons Companies, Inc. et al., until a hearing on a motion for a preliminary injunction could be held. On December 9, 2022, the Superior Court denied the motion for a preliminary injunction but extended the temporary restraining order for the Attorney General for the State of Washington to appeal to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Due to the contingency resulting from this unresolved litigation at December 31, 2022, the Company did not recognize its share of the special dividend for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On January 17, 2023, the Supreme Court of the State of Washington denied a motion by the Attorney General of the State of Washington to hear an appeal from the Superior Court s denial to enjoin ACI from paying the special dividend. As a result of the decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Washington, the temporary restraining order preventing payment of the special dividend was lifted. On January 20, 2023, ACI distributed the special dividend to holders of record as of October 24, 2022. The Company received its share of the special dividend payment of 194.1 million during January 2023, and will recognize this income during the three months ending March 31, 2023. 

37

Table of Contents 

Dividends 
 
 In connection with its intention to continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company expects to continue paying regular dividends to its stockholders. These dividends will be paid from operating cash flows. The Company s Board of Directors will continue to evaluate the Company s dividend policy on a quarterly basis as it monitors sources of capital and evaluates the impact of the economy and capital markets availability on operating fundamentals. Since cash used to pay dividends reduces amounts available for capital investment, the Company generally intends to maintain a dividend payout ratio which reserves such amounts as it considers necessary for the expansion and renovation of shopping centers in its portfolio, debt reduction, the acquisition of interests in new properties and other investments as suitable opportunities arise and such other factors as the Board of Directors considers appropriate. Cash dividends paid were 544.7 million, 382.1 million and 379.9 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Although the Company receives substantially all of its rental payments on a monthly basis, it generally intends to continue paying dividends quarterly. Amounts accumulated in advance of each quarterly distribution will be invested by the Company in short-term money market or other suitable instruments. The Company s objective is to establish a dividend level that maintains compliance with the Company s REIT taxable income distribution requirements. On October 25, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend with respect to the Company s classes of cumulative redeemable preferred shares (Classes L and M) which were paid on January 17, 2023, to shareholders of record on December 30, 2022. In addition, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.23 per common share, which was paid on December 23, 2022, to shareholders of record on December 9, 2022. 
 
 On February 8, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared quarterly dividends with respect to the Company s classes of cumulative redeemable preferred shares (Classes L and M), which are scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2023, to shareholders of record on April 3, 2023. Additionally, on February 8, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.23 per common share payable on March 23, 2023 to shareholders of record on March 9, 2023. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The Company has debt obligations relating to its Credit Facility (no outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022), unsecured senior notes and mortgages with maturities ranging from four months to 27 years. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s consolidated total debt had a weighted average term to maturity of 9.5 years. In addition, the Company has non-cancelable leases pertaining to its shopping center portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 40 consolidated shopping center properties that are subject to long-term ground leases where a third party owns and has leased the underlying land or a portion of the underlying land to the Company to construct and/or operate a shopping center. Amounts due in 2023 in connection with these leases aggregate 12.4 million. The following table summarizes the Company s consolidated debt maturities (excluding extension options, unamortized debt issuance costs of 68.1 million and fair market value of debt adjustments aggregating 43.7 million) and obligations under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments due by period (in millions) 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Long-Term Debt: 

Principal (1) 

23.4 

667.7 

813.5 

780.4 

472.7 

4,424.6 

7,182.3 

Interest (2) 

250.3 

229.6 

204.1 

191.0 

161.4 

1,553.5 

2,589.9 

Non-cancelable Leases: 

Operating leases (3) 

12.4 

11.6 

11.1 

10.4 

10.1 

188.9 

244.5 

Financing leases 

23.0 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

23.0 

(1) 
 Maturities utilized do not reflect extension options, which range from two to five years. 

(2) 
 For loans which have interest at floating rates, future interest expense was calculated using the rate as of December 31, 2022. 

(3) 
 For leases which have inflationary increases, future ground and office rent expense was calculated using the rent based upon initial lease payment. 

The Company has 12.0 million of consolidated secured debt scheduled to mature in 2023. The Company anticipates satisfying the remaining future maturities with operating cash flows or debt refinancing. 
 
 Commitments 
 
 The Company has issued letters of credit in connection with the completion and repayment guarantees, primarily on certain of the Company s redevelopment projects and guaranty of payment related to the Company s insurance program. At December 31, 2022, these letters of credit aggregated 43.3 million. 

38

Table of Contents 

The Company has investments with funding commitments of 30.4 million, of which 16.5 million has been funded as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In connection with the construction of its development/redevelopment projects and related infrastructure, certain public agencies require posting of performance and surety bonds to guarantee that the Company s obligations are satisfied. These bonds expire upon the completion of the improvements and infrastructure. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 18.4 million in performance and surety bonds outstanding. 
 
 The Company provides a guaranty for the payment of any debt service shortfalls on Series A bonds issued by the Sheridan Redevelopment Agency which are tax increment revenue bonds issued in connection with a property owned by the Company in Sheridan, Colorado. These tax increment revenue bonds have a balance of 45.5 million outstanding at December 31, 2022. The bonds are to be repaid with incremental sales and property taxes and a public improvement fee ("PIF") to be assessed on current and future retail sales and, to the extent necessary, any amounts we may have to provide under a guaranty. The revenue generated from incremental sales, property taxes and PIF have satisfied the debt service requirements to date. The incremental taxes and PIF are to remain intact until the earlier of the payment of the bond liability in full or 2040. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures 
 
 The Company has investments in various unconsolidated real estate joint ventures with varying structures. These joint ventures primarily operate shopping center properties. The properties owned by the joint ventures are primarily financed with individual non-recourse mortgage loans, however, the Company, on a selective basis, has obtained unsecured financing for certain joint ventures. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not guarantee any joint venture unsecured debt. Non-recourse mortgage debt is generally defined as debt whereby the lenders sole recourse with respect to borrower defaults is limited to the value of the property collateralized by the mortgage. The lender generally does not have recourse against any other assets owned by the borrower or any of the constituent members of the borrower, except for certain specified exceptions listed in the particular loan documents (see Footnote 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K). 
 
 Debt balances within the Company s unconsolidated joint venture investments for which the Company held noncontrolling ownership interests at December 31, 2022, aggregated 1.4 billion. As of December 31, 2022, these loans had scheduled maturities ranging from three months to 8.5 years and bore interest at rates ranging from 2.95 to LIBOR plus 200 basis points (6.39 as of December 31, 2022). Approximately 38.1 million of the aggregate outstanding loan balance matures in 2023. These maturing loans are anticipated to be repaid with operating cash flows, debt refinancing, unsecured credit facilities, proceeds from sales of properties within the ventures, and partner capital contributions, as deemed appropriate (see Footnote 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K). 
 
 Other Investments 
 
 The Company has provided capital to owners and developers of real estate properties and loans through its Preferred Equity Program. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s net investment under the Preferred Equity Program was 69.4 million relating to 12 properties As of December 31, 2022, these preferred equity investment properties had non-recourse mortgage loans aggregating 232.8 million. These loans have scheduled maturities ranging from less than one year to 1.5 years and bear interest at rates ranging from 4.19 to SOFR plus 265 basis points (6.78 as of December 31, 2022). Due to the Company s preferred position in these investments, the Company s share of each investment is subject to fluctuation and is dependent upon property cash flows. The Company s maximum exposure to losses associated with its preferred equity investments is limited to its invested capital. 
 
 Effects of Inflation 
 
 Many of the Company's long-term leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation. Such provisions include clauses enabling the Company to receive payment of additional rent calculated as a percentage of tenants' gross sales above pre-determined thresholds, which generally increase as prices rise, and/or as a result of escalation clauses, which generally increase rental rates during the terms of the leases. Such escalation clauses often include increases based upon changes in the consumer price index or similar inflation indices. In addition, many of the Company's leases are for terms of less than 10 years, which permits the Company to seek to increase rents to market rates upon renewal. To assist in partially mitigating the Company's exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses, including common area maintenance costs, real estate taxes and insurance, resulting from inflation the Company s leases include provisions that either (i) require the tenant to pay an allocable share of these operating expenses or (ii) contain fixed contractual amounts, which include escalation clauses, to reimburse these operating expenses. 

39

Table of Contents 

Funds From Operations 
 
 FFO is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure utilized to evaluate the operating performance of real estate companies. NAREIT defines FFO as net income/(loss) available to the Company s common shareholders computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding (i) depreciation and amortization related to real estate, (ii) gains or losses from sales of certain real estate assets, (iii) gains and losses from change in control, (iv) impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity and (v) after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis. The Company also made an election, per the NAREIT Funds From Operations White Paper-2018 Restatement, to exclude from its calculation of FFO (i) gains and losses on the sale of assets and impairments of assets incidental to its main business and (ii) mark-to-market changes in the value of its equity securities. As such, the Company does not include gains/impairments on land parcels, mark-to-market gains/losses from marketable securities, allowance for credit losses on mortgage receivables or gains/impairments on other investments in NAREIT defined FFO. 
 
 The Company presents FFO available to the Company s common shareholders as it considers it an important supplemental measure of our operating performance and believes it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs, many of which present FFO available to the Company s common shareholders when reporting results. Comparison of our presentation of FFO available to the Company s common shareholders to similarly titled measures for other REITs may not necessarily be meaningful due to possible differences in the application of the NAREIT definition used by such REITs. 
 
 FFO is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of real estate companies operating performances, which does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and, therefore, should not be considered an alternative for net income or cash flows from operations as a measure of liquidity. 
 
 The Company s reconciliation of Net (loss)/income available to the Company s common shareholders to FFO available to the Company s common shareholders is reflected in the table below (in thousands, except per share data). 

Three Months Ended December 31, 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Net (loss)/income available to the Company s common shareholders 

(56,086) 

75,327 

100,758 

818,643 

Gain on sale of properties 

(4,221) 

- 

(15,179) 

(30,841) 

Gain on sale of joint venture properties 

(643) 

(11,596) 

(38,825) 

(16,879) 

Depreciation and amortization - real estate related 

123,663 

132,797 

501,274 

392,095 

Depreciation and amortization - real estate joint ventures 

16,158 

15,949 

66,326 

51,555 

Impairment charges (including real estate joint ventures) 

1,585 

3,932 

27,254 

7,145 

Profit participation from other investments, net 

(4,584) 

(9,824) 

(15,593) 

(8,595) 

Loss/(gain) on marketable securities, net 

100,314 

37,347 

315,508 

(505,163) 

Provision/(benefit) for income taxes (1) 

58,608 

(25) 

58,373 

2,152 

Noncontrolling interests (1) 

63 

(3,835) 

(23,540) 

(3,285) 

FFO available to the Company s common shareholders (3) 

234,857 

240,072 

976,356 

706,827 

Weighted average shares outstanding for FFO calculations: 

Basic 

615,856 

614,150 

615,528 

506,248 

Units 

2,559 

3,878 

2,492 

2,627 

Dilutive effect of equity awards 

2,114 

2,410 

2,283 

2,422 

Diluted (2) 

620,529 

620,438 

620,303 

511,297 

FFO per common share basic 

0.38 

0.39 

1.59 

1.40 

FFO per common share diluted (2) 

0.38 

0.39 

1.58 

1.38 

(1) 
 Related to gains, impairment, depreciation on properties, and gains/(losses) on sales of marketable securities, where applicable. 

(2) 
 Reflects the potential impact if certain units were converted to common stock at the beginning of the period, which would have a dilutive effect on FFO available to the Company s common shareholders. FFO available to the Company s common shareholders would be increased by 584 and 856 for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and 2,041 and 1,053 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effect of other certain convertible units would have an anti-dilutive effect upon the calculation of FFO available to the Company s common shareholders per share. Accordingly, the impact of such conversion has not been included in the determination of diluted earnings per share calculations. 

(3) 
 Includes Merger charges of 50.2 million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with the Merger. In addition, the three months and year ended December 31, 2021, includes a pension valuation adjustment of 3.0 million of income included in Other income, net on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. Includes Early extinguishment of debt charges of 7.7 million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Same Property Net Operating Income 
 
 Same property NOI is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of real estate companies operating performance and should not be considered an alternative to net income in accordance with GAAP or cash flows from operations as a measure of liquidity. The Company considers Same property NOI as an important operating performance measure because it is frequently used by securities analysts and investors to measure only the net operating income of properties that have been owned by the Company for the entire current and prior year reporting periods. It excludes properties under redevelopment, development and pending stabilization; properties are deemed stabilized at the earlier of (i) reaching 90 leased or (ii) one year following a project s inclusion in operating real estate. Same property NOI assists in eliminating disparities in net income due to the development, acquisition or disposition of properties during the particular period presented, and thus provides a more consistent performance measure for the comparison of the Company's properties. 

40

Table of Contents 

For the three months and years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company included Same property NOI from the Weingarten properties acquired through the Merger. The amount included in the table below, for "Weingarten Same property NOI", for the year ended December 31, 2021, represents the Same property NOI from Weingarten properties prior to the Merger, which is not included in the Company's Net (loss)/income available to the Company s common shareholders. 
 
 Same property NOI is calculated using revenues from rental properties (excluding straight-line rent adjustments, lease termination fees, TIFs and amortization of above/below-market rents) less charges for credit losses, operating and maintenance expense, real estate taxes and rent expense plus the Company s proportionate share of Same property NOI from unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, calculated on the same basis. The Company s method of calculating Same property NOI available to the Company s common shareholders may differ from methods used by other REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs. 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of Net (loss)/income available to the Company s common shareholders to Same property NOI (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended December 31, 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Net (loss)/income available to the Company s common shareholders 

(56,086) 

75,327 

100,758 

818,643 

Adjustments: 

Management and other fee income 

(3,955) 

(4,249) 

(16,836) 

(14,883) 

General and administrative 

31,928 

28,985 

119,534 

104,121 

Impairment charges 

200 

2,643 

21,958 

3,597 

Merger charges 

- 

- 

- 

50,191 

Depreciation and amortization 

124,676 

133,633 

505,000 

395,320 

Gain on sale of properties 

(4,221) 

- 

(15,179) 

(30,841) 

Interest and other expense, net 

50,969 

49,503 

205,652 

184,323 

Loss/(gain) on marketable securities, net 

100,314 

37,347 

315,508 

(505,163) 

Provision for income taxes, net 

57,750 

483 

56,654 

3,380 

Equity in income of other investments, net 

(1,912) 

(12,807) 

(17,403) 

(23,172) 

Net income/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

2,710 

268 

(11,442) 

5,637 

Preferred dividends 

6,307 

6,354 

25,218 

25,416 

Weingarten same property NOI (1) 

- 

- 

- 

252,651 

Non same property net operating income 

(14,942) 

(15,661) 

(80,504) 

(113,794) 

Non-operational expense from joint ventures, net 

23,934 

9,987 

55,514 

55,213 

Same property NOI 

317,672 

311,813 

1,264,432 

1,210,639 

(1) 
 Amount for the year ended December 31, 2021, represents the Same property NOI from Weingarten properties, not included in the Company's Net income available to the Company's common shareholders pre-Merger. 

Same property NOI increased by 5.9 million, or 1.9 , for the three months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding period in 2021. This increase is primarily the result of (i) an increase of 15.4 million primarily related to an increase in rental revenue driven by strong leasing activity and a decrease in tenant rent abatements and vacancies as a result of the diminishing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by (ii) a change in credit loss from tenants of 9.5 million. 
 
 Same property NOI increased by 53.8 million, or 4.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding period in 2021. This increase is primarily the result of (i) an increase of 81.0 million primarily related to an increase in rental revenue driven by strong leasing activity and a decrease in tenant rent abatements and vacancies as a result of the diminishing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by (ii) a change in credit loss from tenants of 27.2 million. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Footnote 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K. 

41

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The Company s primary market risk exposure is interest rate risk. The Company periodically evaluates its exposure to short-term interest rates and will, from time-to-time, enter into interest rate protection agreements which mitigate, but do not eliminate, the effect of changes in interest rates on its floating-rate debt. The Company has not entered, and does not plan to enter, into any derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The following table presents the Company s aggregate fixed rate and variable rate debt obligations outstanding, including fair market value adjustments and unamortized deferred financing costs, as of December 31, 2022, with corresponding weighted-average interest rates sorted by maturity date. The table does not include extension options where available (amounts in millions). 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Fair Value 

Secured Debt 

Fixed Rate 

12.0 

14.9 

53.0 

- 

34.3 

244.4 

358.6 

293.8 

Average Interest Rate 

3.23 

4.87 

3.50 

- 

4.01 

4.23 

4.10 

Variable Rate 

- 

- 

18.3 

- 

- 

- 

18.3 

17.9 

Average Interest Rate 

- 

- 

5.43 

- 

- 

- 

5.43 

Unsecured Debt 

Fixed Rate 

- 

654.3 

752.9 

785.4 

436.8 

4,151.6 

6,781.0 

5,837.4 

Average Interest Rate 

- 

3.37 

3.48 

3.06 

4.03 

3.47 

3.45 

Based on the Company s variable-rate debt balances, interest expense would have increased by 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, if short-term interest rates were 1.0 higher. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The response to this Item 8 is included in our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are contained in Part IV, Item 15 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears under Item 8. 

42

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Director and Officer Indemnification Agreements 
 
 On or about February 23, 2023, the Company entered into, or will enter into, new indemnification agreements with each of its directors and executive officers (each, an Indemnitee ). The indemnification agreements provide that the Company will indemnify the Indemnitee, in each case, against certain expenses and costs arising out of claims to which he or she becomes subject in connection with his or her service to the Company. The indemnification agreements contain customary terms and conditions and establish certain customary procedures and presumptions. 
 
 The above description of the indemnification agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Form of Indemnification Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.19 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

43

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Governance at Kimco, Officers, Other Matters and if required, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on April 25, 2023 Proxy Statement ). 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Code of Conduct is available at the Investors/Governance/Governance Documents section of our website at www.kimcorealty.com. A copy of the Code of Conduct is available in print, free of charge, to stockholders upon request to us at the address set forth in Item 1 of this Form 10-K under the section Business - Overview. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under the Exchange Act, as amended, regarding an amendment to or waiver from a provision of our Code of Conduct by posting such information on our website. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation Committee Report, Executive Compensation Tables, Governance at Kimco and Other Matters in our Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Beneficial Ownership and Executive Compensation in our Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Governance at Kimco in our Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Proposal 4 Ratification of Independent Accountants in our Proxy Statement. 

44

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 1. 
 Financial Statements The following consolidated financial information is included as a separate section of this Form 10-K. 
 Form 10-K Report Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 52 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 54 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 55 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 56 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 57 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 58 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 

2 
 . Financial Statement Schedules - 

Schedule II - 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 101 

Schedule III - 
 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2022 
 102 

Schedule IV - 
 Mortgage Loans on Real Estate as of December 31, 2022 
 104 

All other schedules are omitted since the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule. 

3. 
 Exhibits - 

The exhibits listed on the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-K. 
 46 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

45

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Date of Filing 
 Exhibit Number 
 Filed/ Furnished Herewith 
 Page Number 

2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and between Kimco Realty Corporation and Weingarten Realty Investors. 
 8-K 
 1-10899 
 04/15/21 
 2.1 

2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 15, 2022, by and among Kimco, New Kimco and Merger Sub. 
 8-K 
 1-10899 
 12/15/22 
 2.1 

3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of K imco Realty Corporation 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 01/03/23 
 3.1 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kimco Realty Corporation, dated January 31, 2023 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 02/02/23 
 3.1 

3.3 
 Articles of Merger 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 01/03/23 
 3.3 

3.4 
 Certificate of Formation of Kimco Realty OP, LLC 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 01/03/23 
 3.4 

3.5 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Kimco Realty OP, LLC, dated as of January 3, 2023 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 01/03/23 
 3.5 

4.1 
 Indenture dated September 1, 1993, between Kimco Realty Corporation and Bank of New York (as successor to IBJ Schroder Bank and Trust Company) 
 S-3 
 333-67552 
 09/10/93 
 4(a) 

4.2 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 4, 1994, between Kimco Realty Corporation and Bank of New York (as successor to IBJ Schroder Bank and Trust Company) 
 10-K 
 1-10899 
 03/28/96 
 4.6 

4.3 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated April 7, 1995, between Kimco Realty Corporation and Bank of New York (as successor to IBJ Schroder Bank and Trust Company) 
 8-K 
 1-10899 
 04/07/95 
 4(a) 

4.4 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated June 2, 2006, between Kimco Realty Corporation and The Bank of New York, as Trustee 
 8-K 
 1-10899 
 06/05/06 
 4.1 

4.5 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 26, 2007, between Kimco Realty Corporation and The Bank of New York, as Trustee 
 8-K 
 1-10899 
 04/26/07 
 1.3 

4.6 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 3, 2023, between Kimco Realty OP, LLC, as issuer, Kimco Realty Corporation, as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 01/03/23 
 4.2 

4.7 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 24, 2009, between Kimco Realty Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 8-K 
 1-10899 
 09/24/09 
 4.1 

4.8 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 23, 2013, between Kimco Realty Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 8-K 
 1-10899 
 05/23/13 
 4.1 

4.9 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated April 24, 2014, between Kimco Realty Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 8-K 
 1-10899 
 04/24/14 
 4.1 

46

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Date of Filing 
 Exhibit Number 
 Filed/ Furnished Herewith 
 Page Number 

4.10 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 3, 2023, between Kimco Realty OP, LLC, as issuer, Kimco Realty Corporation, as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 01/03/23 
 4.1 

4.11 
 Form of Indenture for Senior Debt Securities, among Kimco Realty Corporation, an issuer, Kimco Realty OP, LLC, as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 S-3ASR 
 333-269102 
 01/03/23 
 4(j) 

4.12 
 Description of Securities 
 10-K 
 1-10899 
 02/25/20 
 4.10 

4.13 
 Form of Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated as of May 1, 1995 between Weingarten Realty Investors and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, successor to Texas Commerce Bank National Association). 
 S-3 
 33-57659 
 02/10/95 
 4(a) 

4.14 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 2, 2006, between Weingarten Realty Investors and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, successor to Texas Commerce Bank National Association). 
 8-K 
 1-09876 
 08/02/06 
 4.1 

4.15 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated October 9, 2012, between Weingarten Realty Investors and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, successor to Texas Commerce Bank National Association). 
 8-K 
 1-09876 
 10/09/12 
 4.1 

4.16 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated August 3, 2021, between Kimco Realty Corporation, Weingarten Realty Investors and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, successor to Texas Commerce Bank National Association). 

4.17 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated January 3, 2023, between Kimco Realty Corporation (successor in interest to Weingarten Realty Investors) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, successor to Texas Commerce Bank National Association). 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 01/03/23 
 4.2 

10.1 
 Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan 
 10-K 
 1-10899 
 03/28/95 
 10.3 

10.2 
 Second Amended and Restated 1998 Equity Participation Plan of Kimco Realty Corporation (restated February 25, 2009) 
 10-K 
 1-10899 
 02/27/09 
 10.9 

10.3 
 Kimco Realty Corporation Executive Severance Plan, dated March 15, 2010 
 8-K 
 1-10899 
 03/19/10 
 10.5 

10.4 
 Restated Kimco Realty Corporation 2010 Equity Participation Plan 
 10-K 
 1-10899 
 02/27/17 
 10.6 

10.5 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Kimco Realty Corporation 2010 Equity Participation Plan 
 10-K 
 1-10899 
 02/23/18 
 10.7 

10.6 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Kimco Realty Corporation 2010 Equity Participation Plan 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 01/03/23 
 10.7 

10.7 
 Form of Performance Share Award Grant Notice and Performance Share Award Agreement 
 8-K 
 1-10899 
 03/19/10 
 10.8 

10.8 
 First Amendment to the Kimco Realty Corporation Executive Severance Plan, dated March 20, 2012 
 10-Q 
 1-10899 
 05/10/12 
 10.3 

10.9 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2020, among Kimco Realty Corporation, the subsidiaries of Kimco from time to time parties thereto, the several banks, financial institutions and other entities from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders thereunder 
 8-K 
 1-10899 
 03/02/20 
 10.1 

10.10 
 Kimco Realty Corporation 2020 Equity Participation Plan 
 DEF 14A 
 1-10899 
 03/18/20 
 Annex B 

10.11 
 Kimco Realty Corporation Amended and Restated 2020 Equity P articipation Plan 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 01/03/23 
 10.8 

10.12 
 Credit Agreement, dated April 1, 2020, among Kimco Realty Corporation and each of the parties named therein 
 10-Q 
 1-10899 
 08/07/20 
 10.1 

10.13 
 Amendment No.1 to Credit Agreement, dated April 20, 2020, among Kimco Realty Corporation and each of the parties named therein. 
 10-Q 
 1-10899 
 08/07/20 
 10.2 

10.14 
 Amendment No.2 to Credit Agreement, dated April 24, 2020, among Kimco Realty Corporation and each of the parties named therein. 
 10-Q 
 1-10899 
 08/07/20 
 10.3 

10.15 
 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2023, by and among Kimco Realty OP, LLC, Kimco Realty Corporation, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 01/03/23 
 10.1 

10.16 
 Form of Kimco Realty Corporation 2020 Equity Participation Plan Performance Share Award Grant Notice and Performance Share Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 
 1-10899 
 08/07/20 
 10.4 

47

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Date of Filing 
 Exhibit Number 
 Filed/ Furnished Herewith 
 Page Number 

10.17 
 Form of Kimco Realty Corporation 2020 Equity Participation Plan Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 
 1-10899 
 08/07/20 
 10.5 

10.18 
 P arent Guarantee, dated as of January 1, 2023, by Kimco Realty Corporation 
 8-K12B 
 1-10899 
 01/03/23 
 10.2 

10.19 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 

10.20 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2023, among Kimco Realty OP, LLC and each of the parties named therein. 

21.1 
 Significant Subsidiaries of Kimco Realty Corporation and Kimco Realty OP, LLC 

23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Kimco Realty Corporation, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Kimco Realty Corporation, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.3 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Kimco Realty OP, LLC, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.4 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Kimco Realty OP, LLC, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Kimco Realty Corporation, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Kimco Realty Corporation, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.3 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of Kimco Realty OP, LLC, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.4 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Kimco Realty OP, LLC, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 Property Chart 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 

48

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Conor C. Flynn 

Conor C. Flynn 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: February 24, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Milton Cooper 
 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 February 24, 2023 

Milton Cooper 

/s/ Conor C. Flynn 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Conor C. Flynn 

/s/ Frank Lourenso 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Frank Lourenso 

/s/ Richard Saltzman 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Richard Saltzman 

/s/ Philip Coviello 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Philip Coviello 

/s/ Mary Hogan Preusse 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Mary Hogan Preusse 

/s/ Valerie Richardson 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Valerie Richardson 

/s/ Henry Moniz 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Henry Moniz 

/s/ Glenn G. Cohen 
 
 Executive Vice President - 
 February 24, 2023 

Glenn G. Cohen 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

/s/ Paul Westbrook 
 
 Vice President - 
 February 24, 2023 

Paul Westbrook 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

49

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC

BY: 
 KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION, managing member 

By: 
 /s/ Conor C. Flynn 

Conor C. Flynn 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: February 24, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following directors and officers of Kimco Realty Corporation, the managing member of the registrant, and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Milton Cooper 
 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 February 24, 2023 

Milton Cooper 

/s/ Conor C. Flynn 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Conor C. Flynn 

/s/ Frank Lourenso 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Frank Lourenso 

/s/ Richard Saltzman 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Richard Saltzman 

/s/ Philip Coviello 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Philip Coviello 

/s/ Mary Hogan Preusse 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Mary Hogan Preusse 

/s/ Valerie Richardson 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Valerie Richardson 

/s/ Henry Moniz 
 
 Director 
 February 24, 2023 

Henry Moniz 

/s/ Glenn G. Cohen 
 
 Executive Vice President - 
 February 24, 2023 

Glenn G. Cohen 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

/s/ Paul Westbrook 
 
 Vice President - 
 February 24, 2023 

Paul Westbrook 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

50

Table of Contents 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 
 ITEM 8, ITEM 15 (a) (1) and (2) 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 AND 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Form 10-K Page 
 
 KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 52 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 54 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 55 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 56 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 57 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 58 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 59 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 II. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 101 
 III. Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2022 102 
 IV. Mortgage Loans on Real Estate as of December 31, 2022 104 

51

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Kimco Realty Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1), and the financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2), of Kimco Realty Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Analysis of Real Estate Properties for Indicators of Impairment 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the net carrying value of the Company s real estate net was 15.0 billion. On a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are indicators, including property operating performance, changes in anticipated holding period, and general market conditions, that the value of the Company s real estate properties may be impaired. An impairment is recognized on properties held for use when the expected undiscounted cash flows for a property are less than its carrying amount, at which time, the property is written-down to its estimated fair value. 

52

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the analysis of real estate properties for indicators of impairment of property carrying values is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management to identify indicators of impairment related to property operating performance, changes in anticipated holding period, and general market conditions which led to (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s determination of impairment indicators related to property operating performance, changes in anticipated holding period, and general market conditions. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s analysis of real estate properties for indicators of impairment. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for identifying real estate properties for indicators of impairment, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of management s undiscounted cash flow analysis, (iii) testing the underlying data used in the analysis, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management s determination of impairment indicators related to property operating performance, changes in anticipated holding period, and general market conditions. Evaluating the reasonableness of management s determination of impairment indicators included (i) evaluating property operating performance and management s intent with respect to holding or disposing of properties, (ii) evaluating the consistency of the sales prices utilized by management with external market and industry data, and (iii) assessing management s considerations of general market conditions. 

/s/ 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1991.We have not been able to determine the specific year we began serving as auditor of the Company. 

53

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 Assets: 
 Real estate: 
 Land 
 Building and improvements 
 Real estate 
 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 Total real estate, net 
 
 Investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures 
 Other investments 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Marketable securities 
 Accounts and notes receivable, net 
 Deferred charges and prepaid expenses 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 
 Other assets 
 Total assets (1) 
 
 Liabilities: 
 Notes payable, net 
 Mortgages payable, net 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Dividends payable 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities (2) 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 
 Commitments and contingencies (Footnote 22) 
 
 Stockholders' equity: 
 Preferred stock, 1.00 par value, authorized 7,054,000 shares; issued and outstanding (in series) 19,435 and 19,580 shares, respectively; aggregate liquidation preference 485,868 and 489,500 , respectively 
 Common stock, .01 par value, authorized 750,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 618,483,565 and 616,658,593 shares, respectively 
 Paid-in capital 
 (Cumulative distributions in excess of net income)/retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 

(1) 
 Includes restricted assets of consolidated variable interest entities VIEs at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 of 436,605 and 227,858, respectively. See Footnote 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(2) 
 Includes non-recourse liabilities of consolidated VIEs at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 of 199,132 and 153,924, respectively. See Footnote 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

54

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues 

Revenues from rental properties, net 

Management and other fee income 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses 

Rent 

() 

() 

() 

Real estate taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Operating and maintenance 

() 

() 

() 

General and administrative 

() 

() 

() 

Impairment charges 

() 

() 

() 

Merger charges 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

() 

Total operating expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Gain on sale of properties 

Operating income 

Other income/(expense) 

Other income, net 

(Loss)/gain on marketable securities, net 

() 

Gain on sale of cost method investment 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Early extinguishment of debt charges 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes, net, equity in income of joint ventures, net, and equity in income from other investments, net 

Provision for income taxes, net 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in income of joint ventures, net 

Equity in income of other investments, net 

Net income 

Net loss/(income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to the Company 

Preferred dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Net income available to the Company's common shareholders 

Per common share: 

Net income available to the Company's common shareholders: 

-Basic 

-Diluted 

Weighted average shares: 

-Basic 

-Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

55

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income: 

Change in unrealized gains related to defined benefit plan 

Other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income 

Comprehensive loss/(income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income attributable to the Company 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

56

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 

(Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Net Income)/ Retained 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Total Stockholders' 

Noncontrolling 

Total 

Earnings 

Income 

Issued 

Amount 

Issued 

Amount 

Capital 

Equity 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance, January 1, 2020 

() 

Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

Net income 

- 

- 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests income 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Dividends declared to common and preferred shares 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

() 

Surrender of restricted common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Exercise of common stock options 

Amortization of equity awards 

- 

- 

Acquisition of noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interests to estimated fair value 

- 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive income: 

Change in unrealized gains related to defined benefit plan 

- 

- 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests income 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Dividends declared to common and preferred shares 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Issuance of common stock for merger (1) 

Surrender of common stock for taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Exercise of common stock options 

Amortization of equity awards 

- 

- 

Noncontrolling interests assumed from the merger (1) 

- 

- 

Redemption/conversion of noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interests to estimated fair value 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Contributions from noncontrolling interest 

- 

- 

Net income/(loss) 

- 

- 

() 

Other comprehensive income: 

Change in unrealized gains related to defined benefit plan 

- 

- 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests income 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Dividends declared to common and preferred shares 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Repurchase of preferred stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Surrender of restricted common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Exercise of common stock options 

Amortization of equity awards 

- 

- 

Redemption/conversion of noncontrolling interests 

- 

73 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

(1) 
 See Footnotes 1 and 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

57

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 
 Cash flow from operating activities: 
 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Impairment charges 
 Straight-line rental income adjustments, net 
 Amortization of above-market and below-market leases, net 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs and fair value debt adjustments, net 
 Early extinguishment of debt charges 
 Equity award expense 
 Gain on sale of properties 
 Loss/(gain) on marketable securities, net 
 Gain on sale of cost method investment 
 Equity in income of joint ventures, net 
 Equity in income from other investments, net 
 Distributions from joint ventures and other investments 
 Change in accounts and notes receivable, net 
 Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Change in other operating assets and liabilities, net 
 Net cash flow provided by operating activities 
 
 Cash flow from investing activities: 
 Acquisition of operating real estate and other related net assets 
 Improvements to operating real estate 
 Improvements to real estate under development 
 Acquisition of Weingarten Realty Investors, net of cash acquired of 56,451 
 Investment in marketable securities 
 Proceeds from sale of marketable securities 
 Investment in cost method investments 
 Proceeds from sale of cost method investment 
 Investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures 
 Reimbursements of investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures 
 Investments in and advances to other investments 
 Reimbursements of investments in and advances to other investments 
 Investment in mortgage and other financing receivables 
 Collection of mortgage and other financing receivables 
 Proceeds from sale of properties 
 Proceeds from insurance casualty claims 
 Principal payments from securities held-to-maturity 
 Net cash flow used for investing activities 
 
 Cash flow from financing activities: 
 Principal payments on debt, excluding normal amortization of rental property debt 
 Principal payments on rental property debt 
 Proceeds from mortgage loan financings 
 Proceeds from issuance of unsecured term loan 
 Proceeds from issuance of unsecured notes 
 Repayments from the unsecured revolving credit facility, net 
 Repayments of unsecured term loan 
 Repayments of unsecured notes 
 Financing origination costs 
 Payment of early extinguishment of debt charges 
 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 
 Redemption/distribution of noncontrolling interests 
 Dividends paid 
 Proceeds from issuance of stock, net 
 Repurchase of preferred stock 
 Shares repurchased for employee tax withholding on equity awards 
 Change in tenants' security deposits 
 Net cash flow used for financing activities 
 
 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 
 
 Interest paid during the year including payment of early extinguishment of debt charges of 6,955 , 0 and 7,538 , respectively (net of capitalized interest of 668 , 583 and 13,683 , respectively) 
 Income taxes paid during the year (net of refunds received of 0 , 0 and 47 , respectively) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

58

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Amounts relating to the number of buildings, square footage, tenant and occupancy data, joint venture debt and average interest rates and terms on joint venture debt are unaudited. 
 
 The terms Kimco, the Company and our each refer to Kimco Realty Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. In statements regarding qualification as a REIT, such terms refer solely to Kimco Realty Corporation. 

newly issued shares of the Company s common stock plus in cash, subject to certain adjustments specified in the Merger Agreement. During 2021, the Company incurred merger related expenses of million associated with the Merger. These charges are primarily comprised of severance, professional fees and legal fees. See Footnote 2 of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 

In determining the value of in-place leases, management considers current market conditions and costs to execute similar leases in arriving at an estimate of the carrying costs during the expected lease-up period from vacant to existing occupancy. In estimating carrying costs, management includes real estate taxes, insurance, other operating expenses, estimates of lost rental revenue during the expected lease-up periods and costs to execute similar leases including leasing commissions, legal and other related costs based on current market demand. The value assigned to in-place leases and tenant relationships is amortized over the estimated remaining term of the leases. If a lease were to be terminated prior to its scheduled expiration, all unamortized costs relating to that lease would be written off. 
 
 The useful lives of amortizable intangible assets are evaluated each reporting period with any changes in estimated useful lives being accounted for over the revised remaining useful life. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization are provided on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows: 
 
 Buildings and building improvements (in years) to 
 Fixtures, leasehold and tenant improvements (including certain identified intangible assets) Terms of leases or useful lives, whichever is shorter 

The difference between the fair value and the face value of debt assumed, if any, in connection with an acquisition is recorded as a premium or discount and is amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the terms of the related debt agreements. The fair value of debt is estimated based upon contractual future cash flows discounted using borrowing spreads and market interest rates that would have been available for debt with similar terms and maturities. 
 
 Real estate under development represents the development of open-air shopping center projects, which may include residential and mixed-use components, that the Company plans to hold as long-term investments. These properties are carried at cost. The cost of land and buildings under development includes specifically identifiable costs. Capitalized costs include pre-construction costs essential to the development of the property, construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes, insurance, legal costs, salaries and related costs of personnel directly involved and other costs incurred during the period of development. The Company ceases cost capitalization when the property is held available for occupancy and placed into service. This usually occurs upon substantial completion of all development activity necessary to bring the property to the condition needed for its intended use, but no later than one year from the completion of major construction activity. However, the Company may continue to capitalize costs even though a project is substantially completed if construction is still ongoing at the site. If, in management s opinion, the current and projected undiscounted cash flows of these assets to be held as long-term investments is less than the net carrying value plus estimated costs to complete the development, the carrying value would be adjusted to an amount that reflects the estimated fair value of the property. 
 
 The Company's policy is to classify real estate assets as held-for-sale if the (i) asset is under contract, (ii) the buyer s deposit is non-refundable, (iii) due diligence has expired and (iv) management believes it is probable that the disposition will occur within one year. When a real estate asset is identified by management as held-for-sale, the Company ceases depreciation of the asset and estimates the fair value. If the fair value of the asset, less cost to sell, is less than the net book value of the asset, an adjustment to the carrying value would be recorded to reflect the estimated fair value of the property, and the asset is included within Other assets on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 On a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance, changes in anticipated holding period and general market conditions, that the value of the real estate properties (including any related amortizable intangible assets or liabilities) may be impaired. A property value is considered impaired only if management s estimated fair value is less than the net carrying value of the property. The Company s estimated fair value is primarily based upon (i) estimated sales prices from signed contracts or letters of intent from third -party offers or (ii) discounted cash flow models of the property over its remaining hold period. An impairment is recognized on properties held for use when the expected undiscounted cash flows for a property are less than its carrying amount, at which time, the property is written-down to its estimated fair value. Estimated fair values which are based on discounted cash flow models include all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period. Capitalization rates and discount rates utilized in these models are based upon unobservable rates that the Company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates. In addition, such cash flow models consider factors such as expected future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other factors. To the extent impairment has occurred, the carrying value of the property would be adjusted to an amount to reflect the estimated fair value of the property. The Company does not have access to the unobservable inputs used to determine the estimated fair values of third -party offers. 

The Company s joint ventures primarily consist of co-investments with institutional and other joint venture partners in open-air shopping center properties, consistent with its core business. These joint ventures typically obtain non-recourse third -party financing on their property investments, thus contractually limiting the Company s exposure to losses primarily to the amount of its equity investment; and due to the lender s exposure to losses, a lender typically will require a minimum level of equity in order to mitigate its risk. The Company, on a limited selective basis, has obtained unsecured financing for certain joint ventures. These unsecured financings may be guaranteed by the Company with guarantees from the joint venture partners for their proportionate amounts of any guaranty payment the Company is obligated to make. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not guaranty any unsecured joint venture debt. 
 
 To recognize the character of distributions from equity investees within its Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, all distributions received are presumed to be returns on investment and classified as cash inflows from operating activities unless the Company s cumulative distributions received less distributions received in prior periods that were determined to be returns of investment exceed its cumulative equity in earnings recognized by the investor (as adjusted for amortization of basis differences). When such an excess occurs, the current-period distribution up to this excess is considered a return of investment and classified as cash inflows from investing. 
 
 In a business combination, the fair value of the Company s investment in an unconsolidated joint venture is calculated using the fair value of the real estate held by the joint venture, which are valued using similar methods as described in the Company s Real Estate policy above, offset by the fair value of the debt on the property which is then multiplied by the Company s equity ownership percentage. 
 
 On a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators, including the underlying investment property operating performance and general market conditions, that the value of the Company s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures may be impaired. An investment s value is impaired only if management s estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the investment and such difference is deemed to be other-than-temporary. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss will be measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the estimated fair value of the investment. Estimated fair values which are based on discounted cash flow models include all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period, and, where applicable, any estimated debt premiums. Capitalization rates and discount rates utilized in these models are based upon unobservable rates that the Company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates. 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits in banks, commercial paper and certificates of deposit with original maturities of three months or less. Cash and cash equivalent balances may, at a limited number of banks and financial institutions, exceed insurable amounts. The Company believes it mitigates risk by investing in or through major financial institutions and primarily in funds that are currently U.S. federal government insured up to applicable account limits. Recoverability of investments is dependent upon the performance of the issuers. 
 
 Restricted cash is deposits held or restricted for a specific use. The Company had restricted cash totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in Cash and cash equivalents on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. This includes cash equivalents of million that is held as collateral for certain letters of credit at December 31, 2021. 

Other Assets 

The held to maturity bonds are evaluated for credit losses based on discounted estimated future cash flows. Any future receipts in excess of the amortized basis will be recognized as revenue when received. The credit risk associated with the amortized value of these bonds is deemed as low risk as the bonds are earmarked for repayments from a government entity which are funded through sales and property taxes. 

Revenues from rental properties, net 
 
 Revenues from rental properties, net are comprised of minimum base rent, percentage rent, lease termination fee income, amortization of above-market and below-market rent adjustments and straight-line rent adjustments. The Company accounts for lease and non-lease components as combined components under Topic 842. Non-lease components include reimbursements paid to the Company from tenants for common area maintenance costs and other operating expenses. The combined components are included in Revenues from rental properties, net on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Base rental revenues from rental properties are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related leases. Certain of these leases also provide for percentage rents based upon the level of sales achieved by the lessee. These percentage rents are recognized once the required sales level is achieved. Rental income may also include payments received in connection with lease termination agreements. Lease termination fee income is recognized when the lessee provides consideration in order to terminate an existing lease agreement and has vacated the leased space. If the lessee continues to occupy the leased space for a period of time after the lease termination is agreed upon, the termination fee is accounted for as a lease modification based on the modified lease term. Upon acquisition of real estate operating properties, the Company estimates the fair value of identified intangible assets and liabilities (including above-market and below-market leases, where applicable). The capitalized above-market or below-market intangible asset or liability is amortized to rental income over the estimated remaining term of the respective leases, which includes the expected renewal option period for below-market leases. 
 
 Also included in Revenues from rental properties, net are ancillary income and TIF income. Ancillary income is derived through various agreements relating to parking lots, clothing bins, temporary storage, vending machines, ATMs, trash bins and trash collections, seasonal leases, etc. The majority of the revenue derived from these sources is through lease agreements/arrangements and is recognized in accordance with the lease terms described in the lease. The Company has TIF agreements with certain municipalities and receives payments in accordance with the agreements. TIF reimbursement income is recognized on a cash basis when received. 
 
 Management and other fee income 
 
 Property management fees, property acquisition and disposition fees, construction management fees, leasing fees and asset management fees all fall within the scope of Topic 606. These fees arise from contractual agreements with third parties or with entities in which the Company has a noncontrolling interest. Management and other fee income related to partially owned entities are recognized to the extent attributable to the unaffiliated interest. Property and asset management fee income is recognized as a single performance obligation (managing the property) comprised of a series of distinct services (maintaining property, handling tenant inquiries, etc.). The Company believes that the overall service of property management is substantially the same each day and has the same pattern of performance over the term of the agreement. As a result, each day of service represents a performance obligation satisfied at that point in time. The time-based output method is used to measure progress over time, as this is representative of the transfer of the services. These fees are recognized at the end of each period for services performed during that period, primarily billed to the customer monthly with payment due upon receipt. 
 
 Leasing fee income is recognized as a single performance obligation primarily upon the rent commencement date. The Company believes the leasing services it provides are similar for each available space leased and none of the individual activities necessary to facilitate the execution of each lease are distinct. These fees are billed to the customer monthly with payment due upon receipt. 
 
 Property acquisition and disposition fees are recognized when the Company satisfies a performance obligation by acquiring a property or transferring control of a property. These fees are billed subsequent to the acquisition or sale of the property and payment is due upon receipt. 
 
 Construction management fees are recognized as a single performance obligation (managing the construction of the project) composed of a series of distinct services. The Company believes that the overall service of construction management is substantially the same each day and has the same pattern of performance over the term of the agreement. As a result, each day of service represents a performance obligation satisfied at that point in time. These fees are based on the amount spent on the construction at the end of each period for services performed during that period, primarily billed to the customer monthly with payment due upon receipt. 

Trade Accounts Receivable 
 
 The Company reviews its trade accounts receivable, related to base rents, straight-line rent, expense reimbursements and other revenues for collectability. The Company evaluates the probability of the collection of the lessee s total accounts receivable, including the corresponding straight-line rent receivable balance on a lease-by-lease basis. The Company s analysis of its accounts receivable included (i) customer credit worthiness, (ii) assessment of risk associated with the tenant, and (iii) current economic trends. In addition, tenants in bankruptcy are analyzed and considerations are made in connection with the expected recovery of pre-petition and post-petition bankruptcy claims. If a lessee s accounts receivable balance is considered uncollectible, the Company will write-off the uncollectible receivable balances associated with the lease and will only recognize lease income on a cash basis. The Company includes provision for doubtful accounts in Revenues from rental properties, net, in accordance with Topic 842. Lease income will then be limited to the lesser of (i) the straight-line rental income or (ii) the lease payments that have been collected from the lessee. In addition to the lease-specific collectability assessment performed under Topic 842, the analysis also recognizes a general reserve under ASC Topic 450 Contingencies , as a reduction to Revenues from rental properties, for its portfolio of operating lease receivables which are not expected to be fully collectible based on the Company s historical and current collection experience and the potential for settlement of arrears. Although the Company estimates uncollectible receivables and provides for them through charges against revenues from rental properties, actual results may differ from those estimates. If the Company subsequently determines that it is probable it will collect the remaining lessee s lease payments under the lease term, the Company will then reinstate the straight-line balance. 
 
 Gains/losses on sale of properties 
 
 Gains and losses from the sale and/or transfer of nonfinancial assets, such as real estate property, are to be recognized when control of the asset transfers to the buyer, which will occur when the buyer has the ability to direct the use of or obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset. This generally occurs when the transaction closes and consideration is exchanged for control of the property. 

The Company maintains certain subsidiaries which made joint elections with the Company to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ), which permit the Company to engage through such TRSs in certain business activities that the REIT may not conduct directly. A TRS is subject to federal and state income taxes on its income, and the Company includes a provision for taxes in its consolidated financial statements. As such, the Company, through its wholly owned TRSs, has been engaged in various retail real estate related opportunities including retail real estate management and disposition services which primarily focus on leasing and disposition strategies of retail real estate controlled by both healthy and distressed and/or bankrupt retailers. The Company may consider other investments through its TRSs should suitable opportunities arise. 
 
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not. 
 
 The Company reviews the need to establish a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. The review includes an analysis of various factors, such as future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, the capacity for the carryback or carryforward of any losses, the expected occurrence of future income or loss and available tax planning strategies. 
 
 The Company applies the FASB s guidance relating to uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a Company s financial statements. Under this guidance the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The guidance on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, and accounting in interim periods. 

shares of the Company s common stock to be reserved for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalents, stock payments and deferred stock awards. Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors at its sole discretion, restricted stock grants generally vest (i) on the fourth or fifth anniversary of the grant, (ii) ratably over three, four and five years or (iii) over ten years at per year commencing after the fifth year. Performance share awards, which vest over a period of one to three years, may provide a right to receive shares of the Company s common stock or restricted stock based on the Company s performance relative to its peers, as defined, or based on other performance criteria as determined by the Board of Directors. In addition, the 2020 Plan provides for the granting of restricted stock to each of the Company s non-employee directors (the Independent Directors and permits such Independent Directors to elect to receive deferred stock awards in lieu of directors fees. 
 
 The Company accounts for equity awards in accordance with the FASB s Stock Compensation guidance which requires that all share-based payments to employees be recognized in the Statements of Income over the service period based on their fair values. Fair value of performance awards is determined using the Monte Carlo method, which is intended to estimate the fair value of the awards at the grant date (see Footnote 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure on the assumptions and methodology). 
 million of land held for development from Real estate under development to Land on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021. For comparative purposes, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company reclassified cash flows (used for)/provided by on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as follows (in millions): 
 
 Amortization of amortization of above-market and below-market leases, net 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs and fair value debt adjustments, net 
 Change in accounts and notes receivable, net 
 Change in other operating assets and liabilities, net 
 Financing activities: 
 Change in other financing liabilities 
 Shares repurchased for employee tax withholdings on equity awards 
 Change in tenant s security deposits 

The following ASUs to the FASB s ASCs have been adopted by the Company as of the date listed: 
 
 ASU Description Adoption Date Effect on the financial statements or other significant matters 
 ASU 2021 - 05, Lessors Certain Leases with Variable Lease Payments (Topic 842 This ASU amends the lessor lease classification in ASC 842 for leases that include variable lease payments that are not based on an index or rate. Under the amended guidance, lessors will classify a lease with variable payments that do not depend on an index or rate as an operating lease if the lease would have been classified as a sales-type lease or a direct financing lease under the previous ASU 842 classification criteria and sales-type or direct financing lease classification would result in a Day 1 loss. January 1, 2022 The adoption of this ASU did not impact the Company s financial position and/or results of operations. 
 ASU 2020 - 04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848 ): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2022 - 06, Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020 - 04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848 ("ASU 2020 - 04" ). ASU 2020 - 04 contains practical expedients for reference rate reform related activities that impact debt, leases, derivatives, and other contracts. The guidance in ASU 2020 - 04 is optional and may be elected over time as reference rate reform activities occur. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022 - 06, Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 ASU 2022 - 06 which defers the sunset date of ASU 2020 - 04 to December 31, 2024. ASU 2022 - 06 is effective immediately for all companies. March 2020 through December 31, 2024 ASU 2020 - 04 did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position and/or results of operations. ASU 2022 - 06 had no impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

billion, which consists primarily of shares of the Company s common stock issued in exchange for Weingarten common shares, plus million of cash consideration. The total purchase price was calculated based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on August 3, 2021, which was per share. At the effective time of the Merger, each Weingarten common share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than any shares owned directly by the Company or Weingarten and in each case not held on behalf of third parties) was converted into shares of newly issued shares of the Company s common stock. The number of Weingarten common shares outstanding as of August 3, 2021 converted to shares of the Company s common stock was determined as follows: 

Exchange ratio 
 Kimco common stock issued 

The following table presents the purchase price and the total value of stock consideration paid by Kimco at the close of the Merger (in thousands except share price of Kimco common stock): 

Amount includes additional consideration of million relating to reimbursements paid by the Company to Weingarten at the closing of the Merger for transaction costs incurred by Weingarten. 
 
 As a result of the Merger, Kimco acquired properties, including held through joint venture programs. The consolidated net assets and results of operations of Weingarten are included in the consolidated financial statements from the closing date, August 3, 2021. 

Purchase Price Allocation 
 
 In accordance with ASC 805 - 10, Business Combinations, the Company accounted for the Merger as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. Based on the value of the common shares issued and cash consideration paid, the total fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Merger was billion. 
 
 The fair value of the real estate assets acquired were determined using either (i) a direct capitalization method, (ii) a discounted cash flow analysis or (iii) estimated sales prices from signed contracts or letters of intent from third party offers. Market data and comparable sales information were used in estimating the fair value of the land acquired. The Company determined that these valuation methodologies are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The assumptions and estimates included in these methodologies include stabilized net operating income, future income growth, capitalization rates, discount rates, capital expenditures, and cash flow projections at the respective properties. Under the direct capitalization method, the Company derived a normalized net operating income and applied a current market capitalization rate for each property. The estimates of normalized net operating income are based on a number of factors, including historical operating results, known trends, fair market lease rates and market/economic conditions. Capitalization rates utilized to derive these fair values ranged from to . 
 
 The discounted cash flow analyses were based on estimated future cash flow projections that utilize discount rates, terminal capitalization rates and planned capital expenditures. These estimates approximate the inputs the Company believes would be utilized by market participants in assessing fair value. The estimates of future cash flow projections are based on a number of factors, including historical operating results, estimated growth rates, known and anticipated trends, fair market lease rates and market/economic conditions. Capitalization and discount rates utilized to derive the fair values ranged from to and to , respectively. 
 
 The Company allocated the purchase price of the acquired properties to tangible and identifiable intangible assets or liabilities based on their respective fair values. The fair value of any tangible real estate assets acquired is determined by valuing the building as if it were vacant, and the fair value is then allocated to land, buildings and improvements. The Company values above and below-market lease intangibles based on estimates of market rent compared to contractual rents over expected lease terms using an appropriate discount rate. In-place leases are valued based on the costs to obtain new leases and an estimate of lost revenues and expenses over an anticipated lease up term. The Company determined that this valuation methodology is classified within Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The Company determined the fair value of unsecured debt assumed using current market-based pricing and interest rate yields for similar debt instruments. The Company determined the fair value of secured debt assumed by calculating the net present value of the scheduled debt service payments using current market-based terms for interest rates for debt with similar terms that the Company believes it could obtain on similar structures and maturities. For the fair value of secured debt assumed, weighted average credit spreads utilized were and London Inter-bank Offered Rate LIBOR + for the fixed and floating rate debt, respectively. Any difference between the fair value and stated value of the assumed debt is recorded as a discount or premium and amortized over the remaining term of the loan. Finance lease obligations assumed are measured at fair value and are included as a liability on the accompanying balance sheet and the Company recorded the corresponding right-of-use assets. The Company determined that the valuation methodology used for its unsecured debt is classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and the valuation methodology used for its secured debt is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The following table summarizes the final purchase price allocation, including the acquisition date fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands): 

Building and improvements 
 In-place leases 
 Above-market leases 
 Real estate assets 
 Investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures 
 Cash, accounts receivable and other assets 
 Total assets acquired 
 
 Notes payable 
 Mortgages payable 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 Below-market leases 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 Total liabilities assumed 
 
 Total purchase price 

The following table details the weighted average amortization periods, in years, of the purchase price allocated to real estate and related intangible assets and liabilities acquired arising from the Merger: 

Building improvements 
 Tenant improvements 
 Fixtures and leasehold improvements 
 In-place leases 
 Above-market leases 
 Below-market leases 
 Right-of-use intangible assets 
 Fair market value of debt adjustment 

Revenues from rental properties, net and Net income available to the Company s common shareholders in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income includes revenues of million and net income of million (excluding million of merger related charges), respectively, resulting from the Merger for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Pro forma Information (Unaudited) 
 
 The pro forma financial information set forth below is based upon the Company s historical Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, adjusted to give effect as if the Merger occurred as of January 1, 2020. The pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and may not be indicative of what actual results of income would have been, nor does it purport to represent the results of income for future periods. (Amounts presented in millions). 

Net income (1) 1,193.1 
 Net income available to the Company s common shareholders (1) 1,166.3 

1 The pro forma earnings for the year ended December 31, 2021 were adjusted to exclude million of merger costs while the pro forma earnings for the year ended December 31, 2020 were adjusted to include million of merger costs incurred. 

Undeveloped land 
 Land held for development 
 Total land 
 Buildings and improvements: 
 Buildings 
 Building improvements 
 Tenant improvements 
 Fixtures and leasehold improvements 
 Above-market leases 
 In-place leases 
 Total buildings and improvements 
 Real estate 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (1) 
 Total real estate, net 

1 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accumulated amortization relating to in-place leases and above-market leases aggregating and , respectively. 

In addition, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had intangible liabilities relating to below-market leases from property acquisitions of million and million, respectively, net of accumulated amortization of million and million, respectively. These amounts are included in the caption Other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company s amortization associated with above-market and below-market leases for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 resulted in net increases to revenue of million, million and million, respectively. The Company s amortization expense associated with in-place leases, which is included in depreciation and amortization, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The estimated net amortization income/(expense) associated with the Company s above-market and below-market leases and in-place leases for the next five years are as follows (in millions): 

In-place leases amortization 

Columbia Crossing Parcel Columbia, MD Feb-22 
 Oak Forest Parcel Houston, TX Jun-22 
 Devon Village (1) Devon, PA Jun-22 
 Fishtown Crossing Philadelphia, PA Jul-22 
 Carman s Plaza Massapequa, NY Jul-22 
 Pike Center (1) Rockville, MD Jul-22 
 Baybrook Gateway (1) Webster, TX Oct-22 
 Portfolio (8 Properties) (2) Long Island, NY Nov-22 
 Gordon Plaza (1) Woodbridge, VA Nov-22 
 The Gardens at Great Neck (1) Great Neck, NY Dec-22 

Gross leasable area ("GLA") 
 
 1 Land parcel 
 
 2 Other consists of redeemable noncontrolling interest of million and an embedded derivative liability associated with put and call options of these units of million. See Footnotes 15 and 16 of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding fair value allocation to unitholders for noncontrolling interests. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, in addition to the properties acquired in the Merger (see Footnote 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements), the Company acquired the following operating properties, through direct asset purchases or consolidation due to change in control resulting from the purchase of additional interests or obtaining control through the modification of a joint venture investment (in thousands): 

Distribution Center #2 (1) Woodland, CA Jan-21 
 Jamestown Portfolio (6 properties) (2) Various Oct-21 
 KimPru Portfolio (2 properties) (2) Various Oct-21 
 Columbia Crossing Parcel Columbia, MD Oct-21 
 Centro Arlington (2) Arlington, VA Nov-21 

1 Other consists of the fair value of the assets acquired which exceeded the purchase price upon closing. The transaction was a sale-leaseback with the seller which resulted in the recognition of a prepayment of rent of million in accordance with ASC 842, Leases at closing. The prepayment of rent was amortized over the initial term of the lease through Revenues from rental properties, net on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. See Footnote 16 of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding fair value allocation of partnership interest for noncontrolling interests. 
 
 2 Other includes the Company s previously held equity investments and net gains on change in control. The Company evaluated these transactions pursuant to the FASB s Consolidation guidance and as a result, recognized net gains on change in control of interests of million, in aggregate, resulting from the fair value adjustments associated with the Company s previously held equity interests, which are included in Equity in income of joint ventures, net on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company previously held an ownership interest of in Jamestown Portfolio, in KimPru Portfolio and in Centro Arlington. 

Included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income are million and million in total revenues from the date of acquisition through December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for operating properties acquired during each of the respective years. 
 
 Purchase Price Allocations 
 
 The purchase price for these acquisitions is allocated to real estate and related intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as applicable, in accordance with our accounting policies for asset acquisitions. The purchase price allocations for properties acquired/consolidated during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, are as follows (in thousands): 
 
 n/a n/a 
 Buildings 
 Building improvements 
 Tenant improvements 
 Solar panels n/a 
 In-place leases 
 Above-market leases 
 Below-market leases 
 Mortgage fair value adjustment n/a 
 Other assets n/a n/a 
 Other liabilities (3,144) n/a n/a 
 Net assets acquired/consolidated 

Gain on sale of properties (1) (2) 
 Number of operating properties sold/deconsolidated (1) 
 Number of parcels sold 

1 During 2021, the Company purchased its partner s remaining interest in Jamestown Portfolio, which is comprised of property interests. The Company then entered into a joint venture with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. BREIT in which it contributed these properties for a gross sales price of million, including million of non-recourse mortgage debt. As a result, the Company no longer consolidates these six property interests and recognized a loss on change in control of interests of million. The Company has a investment in this joint venture million as of the date of deconsolidation), included in Investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 2 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounts are before noncontrolling interests of million and million, respectively and taxes of million and million, respectively, after utilization of net operating loss carryforwards. 

Properties disposed/deeded in lieu/foreclosed 
 Other impairments 
 Total impairment charges 

1 Amounts relate to adjustments to property carrying values for properties which the Company has marketed for sale and as such has adjusted the anticipated hold periods for such properties. During 2022, the Company recognized impairment charges of million, before noncontrolling interests of million, related to five properties. The Company s estimated fair values of these assets were primarily based upon sales prices from signed contracts, which were less than the carrying value of the assets. 

The Company also recognized its share of impairment charges related to certain properties within various unconsolidated joint ventures in which the Company holds noncontrolling interests. The Company s share of these impairment charges were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in Equity in income of joint ventures, net on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. (see Footnote 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Kimco Income Opportunity Portfolio KIR (1) 
 Canada Pension Plan Investment Board CPP 
 Other Institutional Joint Ventures (2) Various 
 Other Joint Venture Programs Various 
 Total 

Representing property interests and million square feet of GLA, as of December 31, 2022, and property interests and million square feet of GLA, as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 1 During 2022, the Company purchased additional ownership interests for million, including the General Partner s ownership interest from Milton Cooper, Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, for million. There was no change in control as a result of these transactions. 
 
 2 During 2021, the Company entered into a new joint venture with BREIT in which it contributed properties for a gross sales price of million. See Footnote 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the operating properties disposed of by the Company. 

The table below presents the Company s share of net income for these investments which is included in Equity in income of joint ventures, net on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income (in millions): 

KIR 
 CPP 
 Other Institutional Joint Ventures 
 Other Joint Venture Programs 
 Total 

1 During 2022, the Prudential Investment Program recognized an impairment charge on a property of million, of which the Company s share was million. 

During 2022, certain of the Company s real estate joint ventures disposed of nine properties and two parcels, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of million. These transactions resulted in an aggregate net gain to the Company of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During 2021, certain of the Company s real estate joint ventures disposed of properties and parcel, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of million. These transactions resulted in an aggregate net gain to the Company of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company acquired ownership in unconsolidated joint ventures, which had a fair market value of million at the time of Merger. These joint ventures represented property interests and million square feet of GLA. 
 
 In addition, during 2021, the Company acquired a controlling interest in operating properties from certain joint ventures, in separate transactions, with an aggregate gross fair value of million. The Company evaluated these transactions pursuant to the FASB s Consolidation guidance and as a result, recognized net gains on change in control of interests of million, in aggregate, resulting from the fair value adjustments associated with the Company s previously held equity interests. See Footnote 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the operating properties acquired by the Company. 
 
 The table below presents debt balances within the Company s unconsolidated joint venture investments for which the Company held noncontrolling ownership interests at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in millions): 

KIR 
 CPP 
 Other Institutional Joint Ventures 
 Other Joint Venture Programs 
 Total 

Average remaining term includes extensions 

As of the date of the Merger, the Company acquired ownership in nine unconsolidated joint ventures, which had an aggregate of million of secured debt (including a fair market value adjustment of million). 
 
 Unconsolidated Significant Subsidiaries 
 
 In accordance with Rules 3 - 09 and 4 - 08 (g) of Regulation S- X, the Company must determine which of its unconsolidated investments, if any, are considered significant subsidiaries. In evaluating these investments, there are three tests utilized to determine if any unconsolidated subsidiaries are considered significant subsidiaries: the investment test, the asset test and the income test. Rule 3 - 09 of Regulation S- X requires the Company to include separate audited financial statements of any unconsolidated majority-owned subsidiary (unconsolidated subsidiaries in which the Company owns greater than 50 of the voting securities) in an annual report if any of the three tests exceed 20 . Rule 4 - 08 (g) of Regulation S- X requires summarized financial information of unconsolidated subsidiaries in an annual report if any of the three tests exceeds 10 , and summarized financial information in a quarterly report if any of the three tests exceeds 20 pursuant to Rule 10 - 01 (b)( 1 of Regulation S- X. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company held an unconsolidated investment in KIR which the Company determined was significant under the income test and requires summarized financial information under Rule 4 - 08 (g) of Regulation S- X. The Company holds a noncontrolling limited partnership interest in KIR and has a master management agreement whereby the Company performs services for fees relating to the management, operation, supervision and maintenance of the joint venture properties. The following table shows summarized unaudited financial information for KIR, as follows (in millions): 

Other assets, net 
 Total Assets 
 Liabilities and Members Capital: 
 Notes payable, net 
 Mortgages payable, net 
 Other liabilities 
 Members capital 
 Total Liabilities and Members Capital 

Operating expenses 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Gain on sale of properties 
 Interest expense 
 Other expense, net 
 Net income 

Summarized financial information for the Company s investment in and advances to all other real estate joint ventures is as follows (in millions): 

Other assets, net 
 Total Assets 
 
 Liabilities and Members Capital: 
 Notes payable, net 
 Mortgages payable, net 
 Other liabilities 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 Members capital 
 Total Liabilities and Members Capital 

Operating expenses 
 Impairment charges 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Gain on sale of properties 
 Interest expense 
 Other expense, net 
 Net income 

Other liabilities included in the Company s accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets include investments in certain real estate joint ventures totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has varying equity interests in these real estate joint ventures, which may differ from their proportionate share of net income or loss recognized in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The Company s maximum exposure to losses associated with its unconsolidated joint ventures is primarily limited to its carrying value in these investments. Generally, such investments contain operating properties and the Company has determined these entities do not contain the characteristics of a VIE. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s carrying value in these investments was billion and billion, respectively. 

million relating to properties. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s net investment under the Preferred Equity program was million relating to properties. During 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized equity in income of million and million from its preferred equity investments, respectively. 
 
 During 2021, the Company invested million in four new investments, including a preferred equity investment of million in a property located in San Antonio, TX. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, these preferred equity investment properties had non-recourse mortgage loans aggregating million. These loans have scheduled maturities ranging from less than one year to 1.5 years and bear interest at rates ranging from to Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus basis points as of December 31, 2022). Due to the Company s preferred position in these investments, the Company s share of each investment is subject to fluctuation and is dependent upon property cash flows. The Company s maximum exposure to losses associated with its preferred equity investments is primarily limited to its invested capital. 

Unrealized gains, net 
 Total fair value 

The Company s net gains/(losses) on marketable securities and dividend income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, is as follows (in thousands): 
 Dividend income (included in Other income, net) 

Albertsons Companies, Inc. ACI 
 
 In October 2022, the Company sold million shares of ACI held by the Company, generating net proceeds of million. For tax purposes, the Company recognized a long-term capital gain of million. The Company elected to retain the proceeds for this stock sale for general corporate purposes and pay corporate taxes of million on the taxable gain. As of December 31, 2022, the Company holds million shares of ACI, which had a value of million, which are subject to certain contractual lock-up provisions that expire in May 2023. 
 
 On October 13, 2022, The Kroger Co. Kroger and ACI entered into a definitive merger agreement ACI Merger ), with Kroger continuing as the surviving public company. The ACI Merger is subject to numerous regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Separate from the ACI Merger, on October 13, 2022, ACI declared a special cash dividend of per share to ACI shareholders of record as of the close of business on October 24, 2022 and was scheduled to be paid on November 7, 2022. 
 
 On November 3, 2022, the Superior Court of King County in the State of Washington issued an order temporarily restraining the payment of the special dividend in the case State of Washington v. Albertsons Companies, Inc. et al. , until a hearing on a motion for a preliminary injunction could be held. On December 9, 2022, the Superior Court denied the motion for a preliminary injunction but extended the temporary restraining order for the Attorney General for the State of Washington to appeal to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Due to the contingency resulting from this unresolved litigation at December 31, 2022, the Company did not recognize its share of the special dividend for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On January 17, 2023, the Supreme Court of the State of Washington denied a motion by the Attorney General of the State of Washington to hear an appeal from the Superior Court s denial to enjoin the Company from paying the Special Dividend. As a result of the decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Washington, the temporary restraining order preventing payment of the special dividend had also been lifted. On January 20, 2023, ACI distributed the special dividend to holders of record as of October 24, 2022. The Company received its share of the special dividend payment of million during January 2023, and will recognize this income during the three months ending March 31, 2023. 

Unbilled common area maintenance, insurance and tax reimbursements 
 Deferred rent receivables 
 Defined benefit plan receivable 
 Other receivables 
 Straight-line rent receivables 
 Total accounts and notes receivable, net 

The disaggregation of the Company s lease income, which is included in Revenue from rental properties, net on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income, as either fixed or variable lease income based on the criteria specified in ASC 842, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, is as follows (in thousands): 

Variable lease income (2) 
 Above-market and below-market leases amortization, net 
 Adjustments for potentially uncollectible revenues and disputed amounts (3) 
 Total lease income 

1 Includes minimum base rents, expense reimbursements, ancillary income and straight-line rent adjustments. 
 
 2 Includes minimum base rents, expense reimbursements, percentage rent, lease termination fee income and ancillary income. 
 
 3 The amounts represent adjustments associated with potentially uncollectible revenues and disputed amounts. 

Base rental revenues and fixed-rate expense reimbursements from rental properties are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related leases. The difference between the amount of rental income contracted through leases and rental income recognized on a straight-line basis for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company is primarily engaged in the operation of shopping centers that are either owned or held under long-term leases that expire at various dates through 2121. The Company, in turn, leases premises in these centers to tenants pursuant to lease agreements which provide for terms ranging generally from five to years and for annual minimum rentals plus incremental rents based on operating expense levels and tenants' sales volumes. Annual minimum rentals plus incremental rents based on operating expense levels and percentage rents comprised of total revenues from rental properties for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 The minimum revenues expected to be received by the Company from rental properties under the terms of all non-cancelable tenant leases for future years, assuming no new or renegotiated leases are executed for such premises, are as follows (in millions): 

Lessee Leases 
 
 The Company currently leases real estate space under non-cancelable operating lease agreements for ground leases and administrative office leases. The Company s operating leases have remaining lease terms ranging from one to years, some of which include options to extend the terms for up to an additional years. 
 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company obtained million of operating right-of-use assets in exchange for new operating lease liabilities related to properties under operating lease agreements for ground leases. In addition, the Company acquired properties under finance leasing arrangements that consists of variable lease payments with a bargain purchase option. As a result, the Company obtained finance right-of-use assets of million (which are included in Other assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets) in exchange for new finance lease liabilities (which are included in Other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets). 
 
 The weighted-average remaining non-cancelable lease term and weighted-average discount rates for the Company s operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Weighted-average discount rate 

The components of the Company s lease expense, which are included in interest expense, rent expense and general and administrative expense on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were as follows (in thousands): 

Operating lease cost 
 Variable lease cost 
 Total lease cost 

The table below reconciles the undiscounted cash flows for each of the first five years and total of the remaining years to the operating and financing lease liabilities (in thousands): 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total minimum lease payments 
 
 Less imputed interest 
 Total lease liabilities (2) 

1 Includes bargain purchase options exercisable in 2023 related to two properties. 
 
 2 Operating lease liabilities are included in Operating lease liabilities and financing lease liabilities are included in Other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

properties classified as held-for-sale at a net carrying amount of million. 
 
 Mortgages and Other Financing Receivables 
 
 The Company has various mortgages and other financing receivables which consist of loans acquired and loans originated by the Company. For a complete listing of the Company s mortgages and other financing receivables at December 31, 2022, see Financial Statement Schedule IV included in this annual report on Form 10 -K. 
 
 The following table reconciles mortgage loans and other financing receivables from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022 in thousands): 

Additions: 
 New mortgage and other loans (1) 
 Deductions: 
 Loan repayments (2) 
 Collections of principal 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 Other adjustments 
 Balance at December 31, 

1 During 2021, the Company acquired million of mortgage loan receivables in connection with the Merger. 
 
 2 During 2022, the Company recognized million of profit participation related to the repayment of a mortgage loan, which is included in Other income, net on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The Company reviews payment status to identify performing versus non-performing loans. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a total of loans, all of which are performing. 
 
 Software Development Costs 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had unamortized software development costs of million, respectively. The Company expensed million, million and million in amortization of software development costs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

- - Jan-2024 Oct-2049 
 Credit facility (1) n/a n/a Mar-2024 
 Fair value debt adjustments, net n/a n/a n/a 
 Deferred financing costs, net (2) n/a n/a n/a 
 3.45 3.35 

Weighted-average interest rate 
 1 Accrues interest at a rate of Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Adjusted Term SOFR ), as defined, plus and LIBOR plus as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million of deferred financing costs, net related to the Credit Facility that are included in Other assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued the following senior unsecured notes (dollars in millions): 
 
 Feb-33 
 Feb-22 Apr-32 
 Sept-21 Dec-31 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid the following senior unsecured notes (dollars in millions): 
 
 Apr-23 
 Sep-22 (1) (2) Jun-23 
 Sep-22 (1) (2) Oct-22 
 Mar-22 (3) Nov-22 

1 There was prepayment charge associated with this early repayment. 
 
 2 Includes partial repayments during May and June 2022. 
 
 3 The Company incurred a prepayment charge of million and million in write-off of deferred financing costs resulting from this early repayment, which are included in Early extinguishment of debt charges on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

In connection with the Merger, the Company assumed senior unsecured notes aggregating billion (including fair market value adjustment of million), which had scheduled maturity dates ranging from October 2022 to August 2028 and accrue interest at rates ranging from to per annum. The senior unsecured notes assumed during the Merger have covenants that are similar to the Company s existing debt covenants for its senior unsecured notes. 
 
 The scheduled maturities of all notes payable, excluding unamortized fair value debt adjustments of million and unamortized debt issuance costs of million, as of December 31, 2022, were as follows (in millions): 

The Company s supplemental indentures governing its Senior Unsecured Notes contain covenants whereby the Company is subject to maintaining (a) certain maximum leverage ratios on both unsecured senior corporate and secured debt, minimum debt service coverage ratios and minimum equity levels, (b) certain debt service ratios and (c) certain asset to debt ratios. In addition, the Company is restricted from paying dividends in amounts that exceed by more than million the funds from operations, as defined therein, generated through the end of the calendar quarter most recently completed prior to the declaration of such dividend; however, this dividend limitation does not apply to any distributions necessary to maintain the Company's qualification as a REIT providing the Company is in compliance with its total leverage limitations. The Company was in compliance with all of the covenants as of December 31, 2022. 

Interest on the Company s fixed-rate Senior Unsecured Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. Proceeds from these issuances were primarily used for the acquisition of shopping centers, the expansion and improvement of properties in the Company s portfolio and the repayment of certain debt obligations of the Company. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 
 The Company had a billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with a group of banks which was set to expire in March 2024, with two additional six month options to extend the maturity date, at the Company's discretion, to March 2025. The Credit Facility was a green credit facility tied to sustainability metric targets, as described in the agreement. In July 2022, the Company amended the Credit Facility to (i) replace LIBOR borrowings with SOFR borrowings, (ii) supplement the sustainability grid with an additional one basis point reduction of applicable margin if certain criteria as defined in the Credit Facility are met, (iii) add a leverage metric test which, if met, reduces the applicable margin by five basis points and (iv) obtain pre-approval of a possible organizational conversion to an UPREIT structure. The Company achieved such targets, which effectively reduced the rate on the Credit Facility by basis point. The Credit Facility, accrued interest at a rate of Adjusted Term SOFR, as defined in the terms of the Credit Facility, plus basis points as of December 31, 2022), and can be increased to billion through an accordion feature. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility, the Company, among other things, was subject to covenants requiring the maintenance of (i) maximum indebtedness ratios and (ii) minimum interest and fixed charge coverage ratios. As of December 31, 2022, the Credit Facility had no outstanding balance and appropriations for letters of credit of million. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company closed on a new billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the New Credit Facility with a group of banks, which is scheduled to expire in March 2027 with two additional six -month options to extend the maturity date, at the Company s discretion, to March 2028. The New Credit Facility could be increased to billion through an accordion feature. The New Credit Facility is a green credit facility tied to sustainability metric targets, as described in the agreement. The New Credit Facility replaces the Company s Credit Facility discussed above, that was scheduled to mature in March 2024. The New Credit Facility accrues interest at a rate of Adjusted Term SOFR, as defined in the terms of the New Credit Facility, plus basis points and fluctuates in accordance with the Company s credit ratings, which can be further adjusted upward or downward by 0.04 based on the sustainability metric targets, as defined in the agreement. The Company achieved certain sustainability metric targets, which effectively reduced the rate on the New Credit Facility by basis points. Pursuant to the terms of the New Credit Facility, the Company continues to be subject to the same covenants under the Credit Facility. For a full description of the New Credit Facility s covenants refer to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.20 to this Annual Report on Form 10 -K. 

- - May-2023 Jun-2031 
 Fair value debt adjustments, net n/a n/a n/a 
 Deferred financing costs, net n/a n/a n/a 
 4.16 4.12 

Weighted-average interest rate 
 
 During 2022, the Company (i) assumed million of mortgage debt (including fair market value adjustment of million) encumbering operating properties acquired in 2022, (ii) obtained a million mortgage relating to a consolidated joint venture operating property and (iii) repaid million of mortgage debt (including fair market value adjustment of million) that encumbered operating properties. 
 
 During 2021, the Company (i) assumed million of individual non-recourse mortgage debt through the consolidation of operating properties, (ii) repaid million of mortgage debt (including fair market value adjustment of million) that encumbered operating properties and (iii) deconsolidated million of individual non-recourse mortgage debt relating to operating properties, for which the Company no longer holds a controlling interest. 
 
 In addition, in connection with the Merger, the Company assumed mortgage debt of million (including fair market value adjustment of million) that encumbered operating properties, which had scheduled maturity dates ranging from April 2022 to August 2038 and accrued interest at rates ranging from to per annum. 

The scheduled principal payments (excluding any extension options available to the Company) of all mortgages payable, excluding unamortized fair value debt adjustments of million and unamortized debt issuance costs of million, as of December 31, 2022, were as follows (in millions): 

million, which were encumbered by million of mortgage debt. The Company paid cash of million and issued preferred units Preferred Outside Partner Units and common units Common Outside Partner Units with a value of million to the sellers (collectively, the "Outside Partner Units"). 
 
 The transaction includes a call option for the Company to purchase the Outside Partner s Unit interests years from the anniversary date of the agreement. The holders of the Outside Partner Units have a put option that would require the Company to purchase (i) the holder s ownership interest after the first anniversary date, (ii) an additional after the second anniversary date and (iii) the balance of the units after the third anniversary date. The put and call options cannot be separated from the noncontrolling interest. The noncontrolling interests associated with these units are classified in mezzanine equity as redeemable noncontrolling interests as a result of the put right available to the unit holders in the future, an event that is not solely in the Company s control. 
 
 This arrangement included an embedded derivative which required separate accounting. The initial value of the embedded derivative was a liability of million at the date of purchase. The Company estimated the fair value of the derivative liability on issuance using a with-and-without method. The with-and-without methodology involves valuing the whole instrument on an as-is basis and then valuing the instrument without the individual embedded derivative. The difference between the entire instrument with the embedded derivative compared to the instrument without the embedded derivative was the fair value of the derivative liability on issuance. The analysis reflects the contractual terms of the redeemable preferred and common units and the estimated probability and timing of underlying events triggering the put and call options are inputs used to determine the estimated fair value of the embedded derivative. The Company has determined the majority of the inputs used to value its embedded derivative fall within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, and as a result, the fair value valuation of its embedded derivative held as of December 31, 2022 was classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy and are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis, see Footnote 18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10 -K. 

Noncontrolling interests 
 
 The Company owns seven shopping center properties located throughout Puerto Rico. These properties were acquired in 2006 partially through the issuance of million of non-convertible units and million of convertible units. Noncontrolling interests related to these acquisitions totaled million of units, including premiums of million and a fair market value adjustment of million (collectively, the "Units"). Since the acquisition date the Company has redeemed a substantial portion of these units. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, noncontrolling interests relating to the remaining units was million and million, respectively. The Units related annual cash distribution rates and related conversion features consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022: 

Class B-2 Preferred Units (2) 
 Class C DownREIT Units (1) Equal to the Company s common stock dividend 

1 These units are redeemable for cash by the holder or at the Company s option, shares of the Company s common stock, based upon the conversion calculation as defined in the agreement. These units are included in Noncontrolling interests on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 2 These units are redeemable for cash by the holder or callable by the Company and are included in Redeemable noncontrolling interests on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The Company owns a shopping center located in Bay Shore, NY, which was acquired in 2006 with the issuance of redeemable Class B Units at a par value of per unit. The units accrue a return equal to the Company s common stock dividend and are redeemable for cash by the holder or at the Company s option, shares of the Company s common stock at a ratio of 1:1. These units are callable by the Company any time after April 3, 2026 and are included in Noncontrolling interests on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. During 2007, units, or million par value, of the Class B Units were redeemed and at the Company s option settled in cash. In addition, during 2019 and 2018, and units, or million and million book value, respectively, of the Class B Units were redeemed and at the Company s option settled in cash for million and million, respectively. The redemption value of these units is calculated using the 30 -day weighted average closing price of the Company s common stock prior to redemption. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, noncontrolling interest relating to the remaining Class B Units was million. 
 
 Noncontrolling interests also includes convertible units issued during 2006 by the Company, which were valued at million, including a fair market value adjustment of million, related to an interest acquired in an office building located in Albany, NY. These units are currently redeemable at the option of the holder for cash or at the option of the Company for the Company s common stock at a ratio of 1:1. The holder is entitled to a distribution equal to the dividend rate of the Company s common stock. 
 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company acquired two consolidated joint ventures structured as DownREIT partnerships. As of the date of the Merger, the Raleigh Limited Partnership had units and the Madison Village Limited Partnership had units, together which had an aggregate fair value of million. These ventures allow the outside limited partners to redeem their interest in the partnership (at the Company s option) in cash or for the Company s common stock at a ratio of 1:1. The unit holders are entitled to a distribution equal to the dividend rate of the Company s common stock. During 2022, units were redeemed for common shares of the Company s common stock with a redemption value of million. This transaction resulted in a net decrease in Noncontrolling interests of million and a corresponding decrease in Common stock and Paid-in capital totaling million, on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. During 2021, units were redeemed for common shares of the Company s common stock with a redemption value of million. This transaction resulted in a net decrease in Noncontrolling interests of million and a corresponding decrease in Common stock and Paid-in capital totaling million, on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate redemption value of these noncontrolling interests was million and million, respectively. 
 
 In addition, the Company acquired ownership interests in eight consolidated joint ventures in connection with the Merger, which had noncontrolling interests of million as of the date of the Merger. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, a consolidated joint venture (acquired with the Merger), in which the Company had a controlling interest, disposed of properties (encumbered by million of mortgage debt, in aggregate) for a sales price of million, in aggregate. The Company recognized impairment charges of million, before the partner s million noncontrolling interests share of the impairment. As a result of this transaction, the noncontrolling partner received a distribution of million. 
 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 
 Included within noncontrolling interests are units that were determined to be contingently redeemable that are classified as Redeemable noncontrolling interests and presented in the mezzanine section between Total liabilities and Stockholder s equity on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The Company owns eight shopping center properties located in Long Island, NY, which were acquired partially through the issuance of million of Preferred Outside Partner Units and million of Common Outside Partner Units during 2022, see Footnote 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10 -K. The Outside Partner Units related to these acquisitions totaled million of units, including noncontrolling interests of million and an embedded derivative liability associated with put and call options of these unitholders of million. The noncontrolling interest is classified as mezzanine equity and included in Redeemable noncontrolling interests on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as a result of the put right available to the unit holders in the future, an event that is not solely in the Company s control. The Outside Partner Units related annual cash distribution rates and related conversion features consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022: 

Common Outside Partner Units Equal to the Company s common stock dividend 

The following table presents the change in the redemption value of the Redeemable noncontrolling interests for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Fair value allocation to unitholders/partnership interest (1) (2) 
 Income 
 Distributions (1) 
 Redemption/conversion of noncontrolling interests 
 Adjustment to estimated redemption value (3) 
 Balance at December 31, 

1 Relates to Outside Partner Units issued during 2022 described above. 
 2 During January 2021, KIM RDC, LLC KIM RDC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and KP Lancewood LLC KPR Member entered into a joint venture agreement wherein KIM RDC has a controlling interest and KPR Member is entitled to a profit participation. The joint venture acquired two operating properties for a gross fair value of million (see Footnote 4 of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements). During June 2021, the joint venture properties were sold for a combined sales price of million of which the KPR Member received a distribution of million. 
 
 3 During 2021, the Company recorded an adjustment to the estimated redemption fair market value of a noncontrolling interest in accordance with the provisions of the respective joint venture agreement and ASC 480, Accounting for Redeemable Equity Instruments . The Company assesses the fair market value of this noncontrolling interest on a recurring basis and determined that its valuation was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The estimated fair market value of this noncontrolling interest was based upon a discounted cash flow model, for which a capitalization rate of and discount rate of were utilized in the model based upon unobservable rates that the Company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates. 

and consolidated entities, respectively, that are VIEs for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. These entities have been established to own and operate real estate property. The Company s involvement with these entities is through its majority ownership and management of the properties. The entities were deemed VIEs primarily because the unrelated investors do not have substantive kick-out rights to remove the general or managing partner by a vote of a simple majority or less, and they do not have substantive participating rights. The Company determined that it was the primary beneficiary of these VIEs as a result of its controlling financial interest. At December 31, 2022, total assets of these VIEs were billion and total liabilities were million. At December 31, 2021, total assets of these VIEs were billion and total liabilities were million. 
 
 The majority of the operations of these VIEs are funded with cash flows generated from the properties. The Company has not provided financial support to any of these VIEs that it was not previously contractually required to provide, which consists primarily of funding any capital expenditures, including tenant improvements, which are deemed necessary to continue to operate the entity and any operating cash shortfalls that the entity may experience. 
 
 All liabilities of these consolidated VIEs are non-recourse to the Company VIE Liabilities ). The assets of the unencumbered VIEs are not restricted for use to settle only the obligations of these VIEs. The remaining VIE assets are encumbered by third -party non-recourse mortgage debt. The assets associated with these encumbered VIEs Restricted Assets are collateral under the respective mortgages and are therefore restricted and can only be used to settle the corresponding liabilities of the VIE. The table below summarizes the consolidated VIEs and the classification of the Restricted Assets and VIE Liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows (dollars in millions): 

Number of encumbered VIEs 
 Total number of consolidated VIEs 
 
 Restricted Assets: 
 Real estate, net 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts and notes receivable, net 
 Other assets 
 Total Restricted Assets 
 
 VIE Liabilities: 
 Mortgages payable, net 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Other liabilities 
 Total VIE Liabilities 

Mortgages payable, net (2) 

1 The Company determined that the valuation of its senior unsecured notes were classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The estimated fair value amounts classified as Level 2 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 2 The Company determined that its valuation of these mortgages payable was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The Company has certain financial instruments that must be measured under the FASB s Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures guidance, including available for sale securities and embedded derivative liabilities. The Company currently does not have non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 
 In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level of the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 

The tables below present the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, aggregated by the level of the fair value hierarchy within which those measurements fall (in thousands): 

Liabilities: 
 Embedded derivative liability 

The significant unobservable input (Level 3 inputs) used in measuring the Company's embedded derivative liability, which is categorized with Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022, is the discount rate of 8.00 . 
 
 Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 

depositary shares of Class L preferred stock and depositary shares of Class M preferred stock through December 31, 2022, which represented up to shares of the Company s preferred stock, par value per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased the following preferred stock: 

Class M 

The Company s outstanding Preferred Stock is detailed below (in thousands, except share data and par values): 
 
 8/16/2022 
 Class M 12/20/2022 

8/16/2022 
 Class M 12/20/2022 

The Company s Preferred Stock Depositary Shares for all classes are not convertible or exchangeable for any other property or securities of the Company. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 The Class L and M Preferred Stock rank pari passu as to voting rights, priority for receiving dividends and liquidation preference as set forth below. 
 
 As to any matter on which the Class L or M Preferred Stock may vote, including any actions by written consent, each share of the Class L or M Preferred Stock shall be entitled to votes, each of which votes may be directed separately by the holder thereof. With respect to each share of Class L or M Preferred Stock, the holder thereof may designate up to 1,000 proxies, with each such proxy having the right to vote a whole number of votes (totaling 1,000 votes per share of Class L or M Preferred Stock). As a result, each Class L or M Depositary Share is entitled to vote. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, preferred stock holders are entitled to be paid, out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution to its stockholders, a liquidation preference of per share of Class L Preferred Stock and per share of Class M Preferred Stock per each Class L and Class M Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends to the date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of the Company s common stock or any other capital stock that ranks junior to the preferred stock as to liquidation rights. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 The Company has a share repurchase program, which is scheduled to expire February 29, 2024. Under this program, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock, par value per share, with an aggregate gross purchase price of up to million. The Company did not repurchase any shares under the share repurchase program during 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million available under this share repurchase program. 
 
 During August 2021, the Company established an at-the-market continuous offering program (the ATM program pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell from time-to-time shares of its common stock, par value per share, with an aggregate gross sales price of up to million through a consortium of banks acting as sales agents. Sales of the shares of common stock may be made, as needed, from time to time in at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, including by means of ordinary brokers transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise (i) at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, (ii) at prices related to prevailing market prices or (iii) as otherwise agreed to with the applicable sales agent. In addition, the Company may from time to time enter into separate forward sale agreements with one or more banks. During 2022, the Company issued shares and received net proceeds after commissions of million. During 2021, the Company issued million shares and received net proceeds after commissions of million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million available under this ATM program. 
 
 In connection with the Merger, each Weingarten common share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, was converted into shares of newly issued shares of Kimco common stock, resulting in approximately million common shares being issued in connection with the Merger. 
 
 The Company, from time to time, repurchases shares of its common stock in amounts that offset new issuances of common stock relating to the exercise of stock options or the issuance of restricted stock awards. These repurchases may occur in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise subject to prevailing market conditions, the Company s liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased , and shares, respectively, relating to shares of common stock surrendered to the Company to satisfy statutory minimum tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of restricted stock awards under the Company s equity-based compensation plans. 
 
 Convertible Units 
 
 The Company has various types of convertible units that were issued in connection with the purchase of operating properties (see Footnote 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). The amount of consideration that would be paid to unaffiliated holders of units issued from the Company s consolidated subsidiaries which are not mandatorily redeemable, as if the termination of these consolidated subsidiaries occurred on December 31, 2022, is million. The Company has the option to settle such redemption in cash or shares of the Company s common stock. If the Company exercised its right to settle in common stock, the unit holders would receive million shares of common stock. 

Dividends Declared 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the dividends declared per share: 

Class L Depositary Shares 
 Class M Depositary Shares 

Other liabilities 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Capital expenditures accrual 
 Surrender of common stock 
 Declaration of dividends paid in succeeding period 
 Decrease in redeemable noncontrolling interests carrying amount 
 Lease liabilities arising from obtaining operating right-of-use assets 
 Allocation of fair value to noncontrolling interests 
 Purchase price fair value adjustment to prepaid rent 
 Decrease in noncontrolling interests from redemption of units for common stock 
 Weingarten Merger: 
 Real estate assets 
 Investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures 
 Notes payable 
 Mortgages payable 
 Below-market leases 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 Other assets and liabilities, net 
 Lease liabilities arising from obtaining operating right-of-use assets 
 Lease liabilities arising from obtaining financing right-of-use assets 
 Common stock issued in exchange for Weingarten common shares 
 Consolidation of Joint Ventures: 
 Increase in real estate and other assets, net 
 Increase in mortgages payable, other liabilities and noncontrolling interests 
 Deconsolidation of Joint Venture: 
 Decrease in real estate and other assets, net 
 Decrease in mortgages payable and other liabilities 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets to the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands): 

Restricted cash 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

million. There was no change in control as a result of this transaction. 
 
 Ripco 
 
 Ripco Real Estate Corp. Ripco business activities include serving as a leasing agent and representative for national and regional retailers including Target, Best Buy, Kohl s and many others, providing real estate brokerage services and principal real estate investing. Todd Cooper, an officer and shareholder of Ripco, is a son of Milton Cooper, Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid brokerage commissions of million, million and million, respectively, to Ripco for services rendered primarily as leasing agent for various national tenants in shopping center properties owned by the Company. 
 
 Fifth Wall 
 
 During October 2021, Mary Hogan Preusse, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, joined Fifth Wall as a Senior Advisor. The Company holds an investment in the Fifth Wall s Climate Technology Fund with a commitment of up to million, of which million has been funded as of December 31, 2022 and a cost method investment of million within Fifth Wall's Ventures SPV Fund as of December 31, 2022. 

million. 
 
 Funding Commitments 
 
 The Company has investments, including Fifth Wall discussed above, with funding commitments of million, of which million has been funded as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other 
 
 In connection with the construction of its development and redevelopment projects and related infrastructure, certain public agencies require posting of performance and surety bonds to guarantee that the Company s obligations are satisfied. These bonds expire upon the completion of the improvements and infrastructure. As of December 31, 2022, there were million in performance and surety bonds outstanding. 
 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company now provides a guaranty for the payment of any debt service shortfalls on the Sheridan Redevelopment Agency issued Series A bonds which are tax increment revenue bonds issued in connection with a development project in Sheridan, Colorado. These tax increment revenue bonds have a balance of million outstanding at December 31, 2022. The bonds are to be repaid with incremental sales and property taxes and a public improvement fee ("PIF") to be assessed on current and future retail sales and, to the extent necessary, any amounts we may have to provide under a guaranty. The revenue generated from incremental sales, property taxes and PIF have satisfied the debt service requirements to date. The incremental taxes and PIF are to remain intact until the earlier of the payment of the bond liability in full or 2040. 

The Company is subject to various other legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. Management believes that the final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or liquidity of the Company taken as a whole as of December 31, 2022. 

million shares of the Company s common stock to be reserved for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalents, stock payments and deferred stock awards. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. 
 
 The Company accounts for equity awards in accordance with FASB s Compensation Stock Compensation guidance which requires that all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, restricted stock and performance shares, be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income over the service period based on their fair values. Fair value of performance awards is determined using the Monte Carlo method, which is intended to estimate the fair value of the awards at the grant date. Fair value of restricted shares is based on the price on the date of grant. 
 
 The Company recognized expense associated with its equity awards of million, million and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock compensation granted under the Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not grant any stock options. Information with respect to stock options outstanding under the 2010 Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

Exercised 
 Forfeited 
 Options outstanding, December 31, 2020 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited 
 Options outstanding, December 31, 2021 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited 
 Options outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 Options exercisable (fully vested) 
 December 31, 2020 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 

The exercise price per share for options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 ranges from to . As of December 31, 2022, all of the Company s outstanding options were vested. The weighted-average remaining contractual life for options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 was years. Cash received from options exercised under the 2010 Plan was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Restricted Stock 
 
 Information with respect to restricted stock under the Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

Granted (1) 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Restricted stock outstanding as of December 31, 

1 The weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock issued during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. 

Restricted shares have the same voting rights as the Company s common stock and are entitled to a cash dividend per share equal to the Company s common dividend which is taxable as ordinary income to the holder. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the dividends paid on unvested restricted shares were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Performance Shares 
 
 Information with respect to performance share awards under the Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

Granted (1) 
 Vested (2) 
 Performance share awards outstanding as of December 31, 

1 The weighted-average grant date fair value for performance shares issued during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. 
 
 2 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the corresponding common stock equivalent of these vested awards were , and shares, respectively. 

The more significant assumptions underlying the determination of fair values for these performance awards granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

Dividend yield (1) 
 Risk-free rate 
 Volatility (2) 
 Term of the award (years) 

1 Total Shareholder Returns, as used in the performance share awards computation, are measured based on cumulative dividend stock prices, as such a zero percent dividend yield is utilized. 
 
 2 Volatility is based on the annualized standard deviation of the daily logarithmic returns on dividend-adjusted closing prices over the look-back period based on the term of the award. 

Other 
 
 The Company maintains a 401 (k)-retirement plan covering substantially all officers and employees, which permits participants to defer up to the maximum allowable amount determined by the Internal Revenue Service of their eligible compensation. This deferred compensation, together with Company matching contributions, which generally equal employee deferrals up to a maximum of of their eligible compensation, is fully vested and funded as of December 31, 2022. The Company s contributions to the plan were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company recognized severance costs associated with employee retirements and terminations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, of million, million (including million of severance costs included in Merger charges on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income) and million, respectively. 

as the service credit was suspended upon the freeze. The participant data used in determining the liabilities and costs for the Benefit Plan was determined as of December 31, 2022. 

The following table summarizes the measurement changes in the Benefit Plan s projected benefit obligation, plan assets and funded status, as well as the components of net periodic benefit costs, including key assumptions, from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 in thousands): 

Interest cost 
 Settlement payments 
 Actuarial gain 
 Benefit payments 
 Benefit obligation at end of period 
 Change in Plan Assets: 
 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 Settlement payments 
 Benefit payments 
 Fair value of plan assets at end of period 
 Funded status at end of period (included in Accounts and notes receivable) 
 Accumulated benefit obligation 
 Net gain recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the measurement changes are from the date of Merger. 
 
 The components of net periodic benefit income/(cost), included in Other income, net in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 Amortization of net gain 
 Settlement gain 
 Total 

The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Salary scale increases N/A N/A 
 Interest credit rate for cash balance plan 

The selection of the discount rate is made after comparison to yields based on cash investments. The long-term rate of return is a composite rate for the Benefit Plan. It is derived as the sum of the percentages invested in each principal asset class included in the portfolio multiplied by their respective expected rates of return. The Company considered the historical returns and the future expectations for returns for each asset class, as well as the target asset allocation of the Benefit Plan portfolio. This analysis resulted in the selection of as the long-term rate of return assumption for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 contributions are anticipated to be made to the Benefit Plan during 2023. The expected benefit payments for the next 10 years for the Benefit Plan is as follows (in millions): 

Since termination of the Benefit Plan as of December 31, 2021, the Benefit Plan s investment policy has changed to address the short-term capital needs for liquidation of the plan assets, as well as consider the market volatility risks by investing in and holding liquid assets, such as cash and short-term investments on hand, in order to satisfy the projected benefit obligation. The fair value of plan assets was determined based on publicly quoted market prices for identical assets, which are all classified as Level 1 observable inputs. The fair value and allocation of the plan assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 

Large company funds 
 Mid company funds 
 Small company funds 
 International funds 
 Fixed income funds 
 Growth funds 
 Total 

of its net taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. In addition, the Company will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it distributes less than 100 of its net taxable income, including any net capital gains. Management intends to adhere to these requirements and maintain the Company s REIT status. As a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to corporate federal income tax, provided that dividends to its stockholders equal at least the amount of its REIT taxable income. If the Company were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it would be subject to federal income taxes at regular corporate rates (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) and would not be permitted to elect REIT status for four subsequent taxable years. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company is subject to certain state and local taxes on its income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed taxable income. In addition, taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through TRSs is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. The Company is also subject to local taxes on certain non-U.S. investments. 

Reconciliation between GAAP Net Income and Federal Taxable Income 
 
 The following table reconciles GAAP net income to taxable income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 

GAAP net (income)/loss attributable to TRSs 
 GAAP net income from REIT operations (1) 
 Federal income taxes 
 Net book depreciation in excess of tax depreciation 
 Deferred/prepaid/above-market and below-market rents, net 
 Fair market value debt amortization 
 Book/tax differences from executive compensation 
 Book/tax differences from equity awards 
 Book/tax differences from defined benefit plan 
 Book/tax differences from investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures 
 Book/tax differences from sale of properties 
 Book/tax differences from accounts receivable 
 Book adjustment to property carrying values and marketable equity securities 
 Taxable currency exchange gain/(loss), net 
 Tangible property regulation deduction 
 GAAP change in ownership of joint venture interests 
 Dividends from TRSs 
 Severance accrual 
 Other book/tax differences, net (2) 
 Adjusted REIT taxable income 

Certain amounts in the prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation in the table above. 
 
 1 All adjustments to "GAAP net income from REIT operations" are net of amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests and TRSs. 
 
 2 Includes Merger related costs of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Characterization of Distributions 
 
 The following characterizes distributions paid for tax purposes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (amounts in thousands): 

Capital gain 
 
 Preferred M Dividends 
 Ordinary income 
 Capital gain 
 
 Common Dividends 
 Ordinary income 
 Capital gain 
 Return of capital 
 
 Total dividends distributed for tax purposes 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company elected to retain the proceeds from the sale of ACI stock for general corporate purposes in lieu of distributing to its shareholders. This undistributed long-term capital gain is allocated to, and reportable by, each shareholder, and each shareholder is also entitled to claim a federal income tax credit for its allocable share of the federal income tax paid by the Company for 2022. The allocable share of the long-term capital gain and the federal tax credit will be reported to direct holders of Kimco common shares, on Form 2439, and to others in year-end reporting documents issued by brokerage firms if Kimco shares are held in a brokerage account. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 cash dividends paid for tax purposes were equivalent to, or in excess of, taxable income. 
 
 Taxable REIT Subsidiaries and Taxable Entities 
 
 The Company is subject to federal, state and local income taxes on income reported through its TRS activities, which include wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. The Company s TRSs include Kimco Realty Services II, Inc. KRS ), FNC Realty Corporation, Kimco Insurance Company (collectively KRS Consolidated and the consolidated entity, Blue Ridge Real Estate Company/Big Boulder Corporation. In connection with the Merger, the Company acquired Weingarten/Investments Inc. WII ), a TRS of Weingarten. 
 
 The Company is subject to local non-U.S. taxes on certain investments located outside the U.S. In general, under local country law applicable to the entity ownership structures the Company has in place and applicable tax treaties, the repatriation of cash to the Company from its subsidiaries and joint ventures in Canada are generally subject to withholding tax, but entities in Puerto Rico and Mexico generally are not subject to withholding tax. The Company is subject to and includes in its tax provision non-U.S. income taxes on certain investments located in jurisdictions outside the U.S. These investments are primarily held by the Company at the REIT level and not in the Company s TRSs. Accordingly, the Company does not expect a U.S. income tax impact associated with the repatriation of undistributed earnings from the Company s foreign subsidiaries. 

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of taxable assets and liabilities. The Company s (provision)/benefit for income taxes relating to the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

REIT (1) 
 Total tax provision 

1 During 2022, the Company sold shares of ACI and recognized a long-term capital gain for tax purposes of million. The Company elected to retain the proceeds from this stock sale for general corporate purposes and pay corporate income tax on the taxable gain. The Company accrued and paid federal taxes of million and estimated state and local taxes of million on this undistributed long term capital gain. This undistributed long-term capital gain is allocated to, and reportable by, each shareholder, and each shareholder is also entitled to claim a federal income tax credit for its allocable share of the federal income tax paid by the Company for 2022. The allocable share of the long-term capital gain and the federal tax credit will be reported to direct holders of Kimco common stock, on Form 2439, and to others in year-end reporting documents issued by brokerage firms if the Company s common stock is held in a brokerage account. 

Deferred Tax Assets, Liabilities and Valuation Allowances 
 
 The Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows (in thousands): 

Net operating losses (1) 
 Tax credit carryforwards (2) 
 Valuation allowance 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax liabilities 

1 Net operating losses do not expire. 
 
 2 Expiration dates ranging from 2027 to 2035. 

The major differences between the GAAP basis of accounting and the basis of accounting used for federal and state income tax reporting consist of impairment charges recorded for GAAP purposes, but not recognized for tax purposes, depreciation and amortization, rental revenue recognized on the straight-line method for GAAP, reserves for doubtful accounts, above-market and below-market lease amortization, differences in GAAP and tax basis of assets sold, and the period in which certain gains were recognized for tax purposes, but not yet recognized under GAAP. 
 
 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are included in the captions Other assets and Other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Under GAAP a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance is required, if, based on the evidence available, it is more likely than not (a likelihood of more than 50 that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance should be sufficient to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Effective August 1, 2016, the Company merged Kimco Realty Services, Inc. KRSI ), a TRS holding REIT qualifying real estate, into a wholly owned LLC (the TRS Merger and KRSI was dissolved. As a result of the TRS Merger, the Company determined that the realization of its then net deferred tax assets was not deemed more likely than not and as such, the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against these net deferred tax assets that existed at the time of the Merger. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was able to utilize the deferred tax assets to reduce the tax liability on the undistributed long term capital gain. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 The Company is subject to income tax in certain jurisdictions outside the U.S., principally Canada and Mexico. The statute of limitations on assessment of tax varies from three to seven years depending on the jurisdiction and tax issue. Tax returns filed in each jurisdiction are subject to examination by local tax authorities. The Company concluded audits by the Canadian Revenue Agency, which resulted in no adjustments or assessments. The Company had accrued million of non-current uncertain tax positions and related interest under the provisions of the authoritative guidance that addresses accounting for income taxes at December 31, 2021, which was included in Other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Due to the expiration of the statute of limitations with respect to these uncertain tax positions, the million accrual was reversed in the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company does not believe that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months. 

97

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued

of the first per occurrence risk layer. This coverage is subject to annual aggregates ranging between million and million per policy year. The annual aggregate is adjustable based on the amount of audited square footage of the insureds locations and can be adjusted for subsequent program years. Defense costs erode the stated policy limits. KIC is required to pay the reinsurance provider for unallocated loss adjustment expenses an amount ranging between and of incurred losses for the policy periods ending September 30, 2008 through February 1, 2021. Beginning February 1, 2021 through February 1, 2023, ULAE is billed on a fee per claim basis ranging between and based on the claim type. These amounts do not erode the Company s per occurrence or aggregate limits. 
 
 In connection with the Merger, the Company acquired U.S. Fire Indemnity Company US Fire ), a captive insurance company which was wholly owned by Weingarten. US Fire began providing direct coverage to Weingarten with limits of per occurrence for all other perils except for flood, named windstorm and earthquake, which had a annual aggregate. The coverage was cancelled upon the effective date of the Merger. In addition, US Fire assumed general liability coverage from a third -party reinsurer, with limits of per occurrence with a annual aggregate. The reinsurance arrangement was terminated effective as of the Merger date and all risks were assumed by KIC s reinsurance provider. Effective December 15, 2021, US Fire merged into KIC, with KIC continuing as the surviving company. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained letters of credit in the amount of million issued in favor of the reinsurance provider to provide security for the Company s obligations under its agreements with the reinsurance providers. 

Activity in the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, is summarized as follows (in thousands): 

Incurred related to: 

Current year 

Prior years (1) 

Total incurred 

Paid related to: 

Current year 

() 

() 

Prior years 

() 

() 

Total paid 

() 

() 

Balance at the end of the year 

1 
 Relates to changes in estimates in insured events in the prior years, incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2021, includes million of liability incurred as a result of the Merger. 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Net current-period other comprehensive income 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Net current-period other comprehensive income 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Change in estimated redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Earnings attributable to participating securities 
 Net income available to the Company s common shareholders for basic earnings per share 
 Distributions on convertible units 
 Net income available to the Company s common shareholders for diluted earnings per share 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 
 Effect of dilutive securities (1): 
 Equity awards 
 Assumed conversion of convertible units 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 
 
 Net income available to the Company's common shareholders: 
 Basic earnings per share 
 Diluted earnings per share 

1 The effect of the assumed conversion of certain convertible units had an anti-dilutive effect upon the calculation of Net income available to the Company's common shareholders per share. Accordingly, the impact of such conversions has not been included in the determination of diluted earnings per share calculations. Additionally, there were million, million and million stock options that were not dilutive as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The Company's unvested restricted share awards contain non-forfeitable rights to distributions or distribution equivalents. The impact of the unvested restricted share awards on earnings per share has been calculated using the two -class method whereby earnings are allocated to the unvested restricted share awards based on dividends declared and the unvested restricted shares' participation rights in undistributed earnings. 

100

() 

Allowance for deferred tax asset 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Allowance for uncollectable accounts (1) 

() 

Allowance for deferred tax asset 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Allowance for uncollectable accounts (1) 

Allowance for deferred tax asset 

() 

1 
 Includes allowances on accounts receivable and straight-line rents. 

2021(A) 

BELL CAMINO CENTER 
 AZ 

2012(A) 

BELL CAMINO-SAFEWAY PARCEL 
 AZ 

2019(A) 

BROADWAY MARKETPLACE 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

CAMELBACK MILLER PLAZA 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

CAMELBACK VILLAGE SQUARE 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

CHRISTOWN SPECTRUM 
 AZ 

2015(A) 

COLLEGE PARK SHOPPING CENTER 
 AZ 

2011(A) 

DESERT VILLAGE 
 AZ 

() 

2021(A) 

ENTRADA DE ORO PLAZA 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

FOUNTAIN PLAZA 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

MADERA VILLAGE 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

MADISON VILLAGE MARKETPLACE 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

MESA RIVERVIEW 
 AZ 

2005(C) 

METRO SQUARE 
 AZ 

1998(A) 

MONTE VISTA VILLAGE CENTER 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

NORTH VALLEY 
 AZ 

2011(A) 

PLAZA AT MOUNTAINSIDE 
 AZ 

1997(A) 

PLAZA DEL SOL 
 AZ 

1998(A) 

PUEBLO ANOZIRA 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

RAINTREE RANCH CENTER 
 AZ 

() 

2021(A) 

RED MOUNTAIN GATEWAY 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

SCOTTSDALE HORIZON 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

SCOTTSDALE WATERFRONT 
 AZ 

() 

2021(A) 

SHOPPES AT BEARS PATH 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

SQUAW PEAK PLAZA 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

VILLAGE CROSSROADS 
 AZ 

2011(A) 

2015(A) 

580 MARKET PLACE 
 CA 

2021(A) 

8000 SUNSET STRIP S.C. 
 CA 

2021(A) 

AAA BUILDING AT STEVENS CREEK 
 CA 

2021(A) 

ANAHEIM PLAZA 
 CA 

2021(A) 

BLACK MOUNTAIN VILLAGE 
 CA 

2007(A) 

BROOKHURST CENTER 
 CA 

2016(A) 

BROOKVALE SHOPPING CENTER 
 CA 

2021(A) 

CAMBRIAN PARK PLAZA 
 CA 

2021(A) 

CENTERWOOD PLAZA 
 CA 

2021(A) 

CHICO CROSSROADS 
 CA 

() 

2008(A) 

CHINO HILLS MARKETPLACE 
 CA 

2021(A) 

CITY HEIGHTS 
 CA 

() 

2012(A) 

CORONA HILLS PLAZA 
 CA 

1998(A) 

COSTCO PLAZA - 541 
 CA 

1998(A) 

CREEKSIDE CENTER 
 CA 

2016(A) 

CROCKER RANCH 
 CA 

2015(A) 

CUPERTINO VILLAGE 
 CA 

2006(A) 

EL CAMINO PROMENADE 
 CA 

2021(A) 

FREEDOM CENTRE 
 CA 

2021(A) 

FULTON MARKET PLACE 
 CA 

2005(A) 

GATEWAY AT DONNER PASS 
 CA 

2015(A) 

GATEWAY PLAZA 
 CA 

2021(A) 

GREENHOUSE MARKETPLACE 
 CA 

() 

2021(A) 

GREENHOUSE MARKETPLACE II 
 CA 

() 

2021(A) 

HOME DEPOT PLAZA 
 CA 

1998(A) 

KENNETH HAHN PLAZA 
 CA 

() 

2010(A) 

LA MIRADA THEATRE CENTER 
 CA 

() 

1998(A) 

LA VERNE TOWN CENTER 
 CA 

2014(A) 

LABAND VILLAGE SHOPPING CENTER 
 CA 

() 

2008(A) 

LAKEWOOD PLAZA 
 CA 

() 

2014(A) 

LAKEWOOD VILLAGE 
 CA 

() 

2014(A) 

LINCOLN HILLS TOWN CENTER 
 CA 

2015(A) 

LINDA MAR SHOPPING CENTER 
 CA 

2014(A) 

MADISON PLAZA 
 CA 

1998(A) 

NORTH COUNTY PLAZA 
 CA 

2014(A) 

NOVATO FAIR S.C. 
 CA 

2009(A) 

ON THE CORNER AT STEVENS CREEK 
 CA 

2021(A) 

PLAZA DI NORTHRIDGE 
 CA 

2005(A) 

POWAY CITY CENTRE 
 CA 

2005(A) 

RANCHO PENASQUITOS TOWNE CTR I 
 CA 

2015(A) 

RANCHO PENASQUITOS TWN CTR II 
 CA 

2015(A) 

RANCHO PENASQUITOS-VONS PROP. 
 CA 

2019(A) 

RANCHO SAN MARCOS VILLAGE 
 CA 

2021(A) 

REDWOOD CITY PLAZA 
 CA 

2009(A) 

SAN DIEGO CARMEL MOUNTAIN 
 CA 

() 

2009(A) 

SAN MARCOS PLAZA 
 CA 

2021(A) 

SANTEE TROLLEY SQUARE 
 CA 

2015(A) 

SILVER CREEK PLAZA 
 CA 

2021(A) 

SOUTH NAPA MARKET PLACE 
 CA 

2006(A) 

SOUTHAMPTON CENTER 
 CA 

() 

2021(A) 

STANFORD RANCH 
 CA 

2014(A) 

STEVENS CREEK CENTRAL S.C. 
 CA 

2021(A) 

STONY POINT PLAZA 
 CA 

() 

2021(A) 

TRUCKEE CROSSROADS 
 CA 

() 

2006(A) 

WESTLAKE SHOPPING CENTER 
 CA 

2002(A) 

WESTMINSTER CENTER 
 CA 

2021(A) 

WHITTWOOD TOWN CENTER 
 CA 

2017(A) 

2021(A) 

DENVER WEST 38TH STREET 
 CO 

1998(A) 

EAST BANK S.C. 
 CO 

1998(A) 

EDGEWATER MARKETPLACE 
 CO 

2021(A) 

ENGLEWOOD PLAZA 
 CO 

1998(A) 

GREELEY COMMONS 
 CO 

2012(A) 

HERITAGE WEST S.C. 
 CO 

1998(A) 

HIGHLANDS RANCH II 
 CO 

2013(A) 

HIGHLANDS RANCH VILLAGE S.C. 
 CO 

2011(A) 

LOWRY TOWN CENTER 
 CO 

2021(A) 

MARKET AT SOUTHPARK 
 CO 

2011(A) 

NORTHRIDGE SHOPPING CENTER 
 CO 

2013(A) 

QUINCY PLACE S.C. 
 CO 

1998(A) 

RIVER POINT AT SHERIDAN 
 CO 

2021(A) 

RIVER POINT AT SHERIDAN II 
 CO 

2021(A) 

VILLAGE CENTER - HIGHLAND RANCH 
 CO 

2014(A) 

VILLAGE CENTER WEST 
 CO 

2011(A) 

VILLAGE ON THE PARK 
 CO 

1998(A) 

BRIGHT HORIZONS 
 CT 

2012(A) 

HAMDEN MART 
 CT 

2016(A) 

HOME DEPOT PLAZA 
 CT 

1998(A) 

NEWTOWN S.C. 
 CT 

2014(A) 

WEST FARM SHOPPING CENTER 
 CT 

1998(A) 

WILTON CAMPUS 
 CT 

2013(A) 

WILTON RIVER PARK SHOPPING CTR 
 CT 

2012(A) 

BRANDYWINE COMMONS 
 DE 

() 

2014(A) 

CAMDEN SQUARE 
 DE 

2003(A) 

PROMENADE AT CHRISTIANA 
 DE 

2014(C) 

2021(A) 

BELMART PLAZA 
 FL 

2014(A) 

BOCA LYONS PLAZA 
 FL 

2021(A) 

CAMINO SQUARE 
 FL 

() 

1992(A) 

CARROLLWOOD COMMONS 
 FL 

1997(A) 

CENTER AT MISSOURI AVENUE 
 FL 

1968(C) 

CHEVRON OUTPARCEL 
 FL 

2010(A) 

COLONIAL PLAZA 
 FL 

2021(A) 

CORAL POINTE S.C. 
 FL 

2015(A) 

CORAL SQUARE PROMENADE 
 FL 

1994(A) 

CORSICA SQUARE S.C. 
 FL 

2015(A) 

COUNTRYSIDE CENTRE 
 FL 

2021(A) 

CURLEW CROSSING SHOPPING CTR 
 FL 

2005(A) 

DANIA POINTE 
 FL 

2016(C) 

DANIA POINTE - PHASE II (3) 
 FL 

2016(C) 

EMBASSY LAKES 
 FL 

2021(A) 

FLAGLER PARK 
 FL 

2007(A) 

FT LAUDERDALE #1, FL 
 FL 

1974(C) 

FT. LAUDERDALE/CYPRESS CREEK 
 FL 

2009(A) 

GRAND OAKS VILLAGE 
 FL 

2011(A) 

GROVE GATE S.C. 
 FL 

1968(C) 

IVES DAIRY CROSSING 
 FL 

1985(A) 

KENDALE LAKES PLAZA 
 FL 

() 

2009(A) 

LARGO PLAZA 
 FL 

2021(A) 

MAPLEWOOD PLAZA 
 FL 

1997(A) 

MARATHON SHOPPING CENTER 
 FL 

2013(A) 

MERCHANTS WALK 
 FL 

2001(A) 

MILLENIA PLAZA PHASE II 
 FL 

2009(A) 

MILLER ROAD S.C. 
 FL 

1986(A) 

MILLER WEST PLAZA 
 FL 

2015(A) 

MISSION BELL SHOPPING CENTER 
 FL 

2004(A) 

NASA PLAZA 
 FL 

1968(C) 

OAK TREE PLAZA 
 FL 

1968(C) 

OAKWOOD BUSINESS CTR-BLDG 1 
 FL 

2009(A) 

OAKWOOD PLAZA NORTH 
 FL 

2016(A) 

OAKWOOD PLAZA SOUTH 
 FL 

() 

2016(A) 

PALMS AT TOWN COUNTRY 
 FL 

() 

2021(A) 

PALMS AT TOWN COUNTRY LIFESTYLE 
 FL 

2021(A) 

PARK HILL PLAZA 
 FL 

2011(A) 

PHILLIPS CROSSING 
 FL 

2021(A) 

PLANTATION CROSSING 
 FL 

2017(A) 

POMPANO POINTE S.C. 
 FL 

2012(A) 

RENAISSANCE CENTER 
 FL 

1998(A) 

RIVERPLACE SHOPPING CTR. 
 FL 

2010(A) 

RIVERSIDE LANDINGS S.C. 
 FL 

2015(A) 

SEA RANCH CENTRE 
 FL 

2021(A) 

SHOPPES AT DEERFIELD 
 FL 

() 

2021(A) 

SHOPPES AT DEERFIELD II 
 FL 

2021(A) 

SHOPS AT SANTA BARBARA PHASE 1 
 FL 

2015(A) 

SHOPS AT SANTA BARBARA PHASE 2 
 FL 

2015(A) 

SHOPS AT SANTA BARBARA PHASE 3 
 FL 

2015(A) 

SODO S.C. 
 FL 

2008(A) 

SOUTH MIAMI S.C. 
 FL 

1995(A) 

SUNSET 19 S.C. 
 FL 

2021(A) 

TJ MAXX PLAZA 
 FL 

2021(A) 

TRI-CITY PLAZA 
 FL 

1992(A) 

TUTTLEBEE PLAZA 
 FL 

2008(A) 

UNIVERSITY TOWN CENTER 
 FL 

2011(A) 

VILLAGE COMMONS S.C. 
 FL 

2013(A) 

VILLAGE COMMONS SHOPPING CENTER 
 FL 

1998(A) 

VILLAGE GREEN CENTER 
 FL 

2021(A) 

VIZCAYA SQUARE 
 FL 

2021(A) 

WELLINGTON GREEN COMMONS 
 FL 

2021(A) 

WELLINGTON GREEN PAD SITES 
 FL 

2021(A) 

WINN DIXIE-MIAMI 
 FL 

() 

2013(A) 

WINTER PARK CORNERS 
 FL 

() 

2021(A) 

2014(A) 

BROWNSVILLE COMMONS 
 GA 

() 

2021(A) 

CAMP CREEK MARKETPLACE II 
 GA 

2021(A) 

EMBRY VILLAGE 
 GA 

2008(A) 

GRAYSON COMMONS 
 GA 

() 

2021(A) 

LAKESIDE MARKETPLACE 
 GA 

2021(A) 

LAWRENCEVILLE MARKET 
 GA 

2013(A) 

MARKET AT HAYNES BRIDGE 
 GA 

2008(A) 

PERIMETER EXPO PROPERTY 
 GA 

2016(A) 

PERIMETER VILLAGE 
 GA 

() 

2021(A) 

RIVERWALK MARKETPLACE 
 GA 

2015(A) 

ROSWELL CORNERS 
 GA 

() 

2021(A) 

ROSWELL CROSSING 
 GA 

2021(A) 

THOMPSON BRIDGE COMMONS 
 GA 

2021(A) 

CLIVE PLAZA 
 IA 

1996(A) 

HAWTHORN HILLS SQUARE 
 IL 

2012(A) 

PLAZA DEL PRADO 
 IL 

2017(A) 

SKOKIE POINTE 
 IL 

1997(A) 

GREENWOOD S.C. 
 IN 

1970(C) 

FESTIVAL ON JEFFERSON COURT 
 KY 

2021(A) 

ADAMS PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

BROADWAY PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

FALMOUTH PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

FELLSWAY PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

FESTIVAL OF HYANNIS S.C. 
 MA 

2014(A) 

GLENDALE SQUARE 
 MA 

2014(A) 

LINDEN PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

MAIN ST. PLAZA 
 MA 

() 

2014(A) 

MEMORIAL PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

MILL ST. PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

MORRISSEY PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

NORTH AVE. PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

NORTH QUINCY PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

PARADISE PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

VINNIN SQUARE IN-LINE 
 MA 

2014(A) 

VINNIN SQUARE PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

WASHINGTON ST. PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

WASHINGTON ST. S.C. 
 MA 

2014(A) 

WAVERLY PLAZA 
 MA 

2014(A) 

2011(A) 

CENTRE COURT-RETAIL/BANK 
 MD 

2011(A) 

COLUMBIA CROSSING 
 MD 

2015(A) 

COLUMBIA CROSSING II SHOP.CTR. 
 MD 

2013(A) 

COLUMBIA CROSSING OUTPARCELS 
 MD 

2011(A) 

DORSEY'S SEARCH VILLAGE CENTER 
 MD 

2015(A) 

ENCHANTED FOREST S.C. 
 MD 

2014(A) 

FULLERTON PLAZA 
 MD 

2014(A) 

GAITHERSBURG S.C. 
 MD 

1999(A) 

GREENBRIER S.C. 
 MD 

2014(A) 

HARPER'S CHOICE 
 MD 

2015(A) 

HICKORY RIDGE 
 MD 

2015(A) 

HICKORY RIDGE (SUNOCO) 
 MD 

2015(A) 

INGLESIDE S.C. 
 MD 

2014(A) 

KENTLANDS MARKET SQUARE 
 MD 

2016(A) 

KINGS CONTRIVANCE 
 MD 

2014(A) 

LAUREL PLAZA 
 MD 

1995(A) 

LAUREL PLAZA 
 MD 

1972(C) 

MILL STATION DEVELOPMENT 
 MD 

2015(C) 

MILL STATION THEATER/RSTRNTS 
 MD 

() 

2016(C) 

PIKE CENTER 
 MD 

2021(A) 

PUTTY HILL PLAZA 
 MD 

2013(A) 

RADCLIFFE CENTER 
 MD 

() 

2014(A) 

RIVERHILL VILLAGE CENTER 
 MD 

2014(A) 

SHAWAN PLAZA 
 MD 

() 

2008(A) 

SHOPS AT DISTRICT HEIGHTS 
 MD 

() 

2015(A) 

SNOWDEN SQUARE S.C. 
 MD 

2012(A) 

TIMONIUM CROSSING 
 MD 

2014(A) 

TIMONIUM SQUARE 
 MD 

2003(A) 

TOWSON PLACE 
 MD 

2012(A) 

VILLAGES AT URBANA 
 MD 

2003(A) 

WILDE LAKE 
 MD 

2002(A) 

WILKENS BELTWAY PLAZA 
 MD 

2014(A) 

YORK ROAD PLAZA 
 MD 

2014(A) 

2006(A) 

CENTER POINT S.C. 
 MO 

1998(A) 

BRENNAN STATION 
 NC 

2011(A) 

BRENNAN STATION OUTPARCEL 
 NC 

() 

2011(A) 

CAPITAL SQUARE 
 NC 

2021(A) 

CLOVERDALE PLAZA 
 NC 

1969(C) 

CROSSROADS PLAZA 
 NC 

2000(A) 

CROSSROADS PLAZA 
 NC 

2014(A) 

DAVIDSON COMMONS 
 NC 

2012(A) 

FALLS POINTE 
 NC 

2021(A) 

HIGH HOUSE CROSSING 
 NC 

2021(A) 

HOPE VALLEY COMMONS 
 NC 

2021(A) 

JETTON VILLAGE SHOPPES 
 NC 

2011(A) 

LEESVILLE TOWNE CENTRE 
 NC 

2021(A) 

MOORESVILLE CROSSING 
 NC 

2007(A) 

NORTHWOODS S.C. 
 NC 

2021(A) 

PARK PLACE SC 
 NC 

2008(A) 

PLEASANT VALLEY PROMENADE 
 NC 

1993(A) 

QUAIL CORNERS 
 NC 

2014(A) 

SIX FORKS S.C. 
 NC 

2021(A) 

STONEHENGE MARKET 
 NC 

() 

2021(A) 

TYVOLA SQUARE 
 NC 

1986(A) 

WOODLAWN MARKETPLACE 
 NC 

2008(A) 

WOODLAWN SHOPPING CENTER 
 NC 

2012(A) 

ROCKINGHAM PLAZA 
 NH 

2008(A) 

WEBSTER SQUARE 
 NH 

2014(A) 

WEBSTER SQUARE - DSW 
 NH 

2017(A) 

WEBSTER SQUARE NORTH 
 NH 

2016(A) 

CENTRAL PLAZA 
 NJ 

2013(A) 

CLARK SHOPRITE 70 CENTRAL AVE 
 NJ 

2013(A) 

COMMERCE CENTER EAST 
 NJ 

2013(A) 

COMMERCE CENTER WEST 
 NJ 

2013(A) 

COMMONS AT HOLMDEL 
 NJ 

2004(A) 

EAST WINDSOR VILLAGE 
 NJ 

2008(A) 

GARDEN STATE PAVILIONS 
 NJ 

2011(A) 

HILLVIEW SHOPPING CENTER 
 NJ 

2014(A) 

HOLMDEL TOWNE CENTER 
 NJ 

2002(A) 

MAPLE SHADE 
 NJ 

2009(A) 

MARLTON PLAZA 
 NJ 

1996(A) 

NORTH BRUNSWICK PLAZA 
 NJ 

1994(A) 

PISCATAWAY TOWN CENTER 
 NJ 

1998(A) 

PLAZA AT HILLSDALE 
 NJ 

2014(A) 

PLAZA AT SHORT HILLS 
 NJ 

2014(A) 

RIDGEWOOD S.C. 
 NJ 

1993(A) 

SHOP RITE PLAZA 
 NJ 

1985(C) 

UNION CRESCENT III 
 NJ 

2007(A) 

WESTMONT PLAZA 
 NJ 

1994(A) 

WILLOWBROOK PLAZA 
 NJ 

2009(A) 

NORTH TOWNE PLAZA - ALBUQUERQUE 
 NM 

2021(A) 

CHARLESTON COMMONS 
 NV 

2021(A) 

COLLEGE PARK S.C.-N LAS VEGAS 
 NV 

() 

2021(A) 

D'ANDREA MARKETPLACE 
 NV 

2007(A) 

DEL MONTE PLAZA 
 NV 

2006(A) 

DEL MONTE PLAZA ANCHOR PARCEL 
 NV 

2017(A) 

FRANCISCO CENTER 
 NV 

() 

2021(A) 

GALENA JUNCTION 
 NV 

2015(A) 

MCQUEEN CROSSINGS 
 NV 

2015(A) 

RANCHO TOWNE COUNTRY 
 NV 

() 

2021(A) 

REDFIELD PROMENADE 
 NV 

2015(A) 

SPARKS MERCANTILE 
 NV 

2015(A) 

() 

2007(A) 

AIRPORT PLAZA 
 NY 

2015(A) 

BELLMORE S.C. 
 NY 

2004(A) 

BIRCHWOOD PLAZA COMMACK 
 NY 

2007(A) 

BRIDGEHAMPTON COMMONS-W E SIDE 
 NY 

1972(C) 

CARMAN'S PLAZA 
 NY 

2022(A) 

CHAMPION FOOD SUPERMARKET 
 NY 

() 

2012(A) 

ELMONT S.C. 
 NY 

2004(A) 

ELMSFORD CENTER 1 
 NY 

2013(A) 

ELMSFORD CENTER 2 
 NY 

2013(A) 

FAMILY DOLLAR UNION TURNPIKE 
 NY 

2012(A) 

FOREST AVENUE PLAZA 
 NY 

2005(A) 

FRANKLIN SQUARE S.C. 
 NY 

2004(A) 

GREAT NECK OUTPARCEL 
 NY 

2022(A) 

GREENRIDGE PLAZA 
 NY 

1997(A) 

HAMPTON BAYS PLAZA 
 NY 

1989(A) 

HICKSVILLE PLAZA 
 NY 

2004(A) 

INDEPENDENCE PLAZA 
 NY 

2014(A) 

JERICHO COMMONS SOUTH 
 NY 

2007(A) 

KEY FOOD - 21ST STREET 
 NY 

() 

2012(A) 

KEY FOOD - ATLANTIC AVE 
 NY 

2012(A) 

KEY FOOD - CENTRAL AVE. 
 NY 

() 

2012(A) 

KINGS HIGHWAY 
 NY 

2004(A) 

KISSENA BOULEVARD SHOPPING CTR 
 NY 

2007(A) 

LITTLE NECK PLAZA 
 NY 

2003(A) 

MANETTO HILL PLAZA 
 NY 

1969(C) 

MANHASSET CENTER 
 NY 

1999(A) 

MARKET AT BAY SHORE 
 NY 

2006(A) 

MASPETH QUEENS-DUANE READE 
 NY 

2004(A) 

MILLERIDGE INN 
 NY 

() 

2015(A) 

MINEOLA CROSSINGS 
 NY 

2007(A) 

NORTH MASSAPEQUA S.C. 
 NY 

() 

2004(A) 

OCEAN PLAZA 
 NY 

2003(A) 

RALPH AVENUE PLAZA 
 NY 

2004(A) 

RICHMOND S.C. 
 NY 

1989(A) 

ROMAINE PLAZA 
 NY 

2005(A) 

SEQUAMS SHOPPING CENTER 
 NY 

2022(A) 

SHOPRITE S.C. 
 NY 

1998(A) 

STOP SHOP 
 NY 

2022(A) 

SMITHTOWN PLAZA 
 NY 

2009(A) 

SOUTHGATE SHOPPING CENTER 
 NY 

2022(A) 

SYOSSET CORNERS 
 NY 

2022(A) 

SYOSSET S.C. 
 NY 

1990(C) 

THE BOULEVARD 
 NY 

2006(A) 

THE GARDENS AT GREAT NECK 
 NY 

2022(A) 

THE GREEN COVE PLAZA 
 NY 

2022(A) 

THE MARKETPLACE 
 NY 

2022(A) 

TOWNPATH CORNER 
 NY 

2022(A) 

TURNPIKE PLAZA 
 NY 

2011(A) 

VETERANS MEMORIAL PLAZA 
 NY 

1998(A) 

WHITE PLAINS S.C. 
 NY 

2004(A) 

WOODBURY COMMON 
 NY 

2022(A) 

2017(A) 

CENTER SQUARE SHOPPING CENTER 
 PA 

1996(A) 

CRANBERRY TOWNSHIP-PARCEL 1 2 
 PA 

2016(A) 

CROSSROADS PLAZA 
 PA 

1986(A) 

DEVON VILLAGE 
 PA 

2012(A) 

FISHTOWN CROSSING 
 PA 

2022(A) 

FRANKFORD AVENUE S.C. 
 PA 

1996(A) 

HARRISBURG EAST SHOPPING CTR. 
 PA 

2002(A) 

HORSHAM POINT 
 PA 

2015(A) 

LINCOLN SQUARE 
 PA 

2017(C) 

NORRITON SQUARE 
 PA 

1984(A) 

POCONO PLAZA 
 PA 

1973(C) 

SHOPPES AT WYNNEWOOD 
 PA 

2015(C) 

SHREWSBURY SQUARE S.C. 
 PA 

() 

2014(A) 

SPRINGFIELD S.C. 
 PA 

1983(A) 

SUBURBAN SQUARE 
 PA 

2007(A) 

TOWNSHIP LINE S.C. 
 PA 

1996(A) 

WAYNE PLAZA 
 PA 

2008(A) 

WEXFORD PLAZA 
 PA 

2010(A) 

WHITEHALL MALL 
 PA 

1996(A) 

WHITELAND TOWN CENTER 
 PA 

1996(A) 

WHOLE FOODS AT WYNNEWOOD 
 PA 

2014(C) 

LOS COLOBOS - BUILDERS SQUARE 
 PR 

() 

2006(A) 

LOS COLOBOS - KMART 
 PR 

() 

2006(A) 

LOS COLOBOS I 
 PR 

2006(A) 

LOS COLOBOS II 
 PR 

2006(A) 

MANATI VILLA MARIA SC 
 PR 

2006(A) 

PLAZA CENTRO - COSTCO 
 PR 

() 

2006(A) 

PLAZA CENTRO - MALL 
 PR 

2006(A) 

PLAZA CENTRO - RETAIL 
 PR 

2006(A) 

PLAZA CENTRO - SAM'S CLUB 
 PR 

() 

2006(A) 

PONCE TOWNE CENTER 
 PR 

2006(A) 

REXVILLE TOWN CENTER 
 PR 

2006(A) 

TRUJILLO ALTO PLAZA 
 PR 

2006(A) 

WESTERN PLAZA - MAYAGUEZ ONE 
 PR 

2006(A) 

WESTERN PLAZA - MAYAGUEZ TWO 
 PR 

2006(A) 

FOREST PARK 
 SC 

2012(A) 

ST. ANDREWS CENTER 
 SC 

1978(C) 

WESTWOOD PLAZA 
 SC 

1995(A) 

WOODRUFF SHOPPING CENTER 
 SC 

2010(A) 

HIGHLAND SQUARE 
 TN 

2021(A) 

MENDENHALL COMMONS 
 TN 

() 

2021(A) 

OLD TOWNE VILLAGE 
 TN 

1978(C) 

THE COMMONS AT DEXTER LAKE 
 TN 

2021(A) 

THE COMMONS AT DEXTER LAKE II 
 TN 

2021(A) 

2021(A) 

1939 WEST GRAY 
 TX 

() 

2021(A) 

43RD STREET CHASE BANK BLDG 
 TX 

2021(A) 

ACCENT PLAZA 
 TX 

1996(A) 

ALABAMA SHEPHERD S.C. 
 TX 

2021(A) 

ATASCOCITA COMMONS SHOP.CTR. 
 TX 

2013(A) 

BAYBROOK GATEWAY 
 TX 

2021(A) 

BAYBROOK WEBSTER PARCEL 
 TX 

2022(A) 

BELLAIRE BLVD S.C. 
 TX 

2021(A) 

BLALOCK MARKET 
 TX 

2021(A) 

CENTER AT BAYBROOK 
 TX 

1998(A) 

CENTER OF THE HILLS 
 TX 

2008(A) 

CITADEL BUILDING 
 TX 

2021(A) 

CONROE MARKETPLACE 
 TX 

() 

2015(A) 

COPPERFIELD VILLAGE SHOP.CTR. 
 TX 

2015(A) 

COPPERWOOD VILLAGE 
 TX 

2015(A) 

CYPRESS TOWNE CENTER 
 TX 

2003(C) 

CYPRESS TOWNE CENTER 
 TX 

2016(A) 

CYPRESS TOWNE CENTER (PHASE II) 
 TX 

() 

2016(A) 

DRISCOLL AT RIVER OAKS-RESI 
 TX 

2021(A) 

FIESTA TARGET 
 TX 

2021(A) 

FIESTA TRAILS 
 TX 

2021(A) 

GALVESTON PLACE 
 TX 

2021(A) 

GATEWAY STATION 
 TX 

2011(A) 

GATEWAY STATION PHASE II 
 TX 

2017(A) 

GRAND PARKWAY MARKET PLACE II 
 TX 

2015(C) 

GRAND PARKWAY MARKETPLACE 
 TX 

2014(C) 

HEB - DAIRY ASHFORD MEMORIAL 
 TX 

2021(A) 

HEIGHTS PLAZA 
 TX 

2021(A) 

INDEPENDENCE PLAZA - LAREDO 
 TX 

2021(A) 

INDEPENDENCE PLAZA II - LAREDO 
 TX 

2021(A) 

KROGER PLAZA 
 TX 

1995(A) 

LAKE PRAIRIE TOWN CROSSING 
 TX 

2006(C) 

LAS TIENDAS PLAZA 
 TX 

2005(C) 

MONTGOMERY PLAZA 
 TX 

2015(A) 

MUELLER OUTPARCEL 
 TX 

2021(A) 

MUELLER REGIONAL RETAIL CENTER 
 TX 

2021(A) 

NORTH CREEK PLAZA 
 TX 

2021(A) 

OAK FOREST 
 TX 

2021(A) 

PLANTATION CENTRE 
 TX 

2021(A) 

PRESTON LEBANON CROSSING 
 TX 

2006(C) 

RANDALLS CENTER/KINGS CROSSING 
 TX 

2021(A) 

RICHMOND SQUARE 
 TX 

() 

2021(A) 

RIVER OAKS S.C. EAST 
 TX 

2021(A) 

RIVER OAKS S.C. WEST 
 TX 

2021(A) 

ROCK PRAIRIE MARKETPLACE 
 TX 

() 

2021(A) 

SHOPPES AT MEMORIAL VILLAGES 
 TX 

() 

2021(A) 

SHOPS AT HILSHIRE VILLAGE 
 TX 

2021(A) 

SHOPS AT KIRBY DRIVE 
 TX 

() 

2021(A) 

SHOPS AT THREE CORNERS 
 TX 

() 

2021(A) 

STEVENS RANCH 
 TX 

2021(A) 

THE CENTRE AT COPPERFIELD 
 TX 

2015(A) 

THE CENTRE AT POST OAK 
 TX 

() 

2021(A) 

THE SHOPPES @ WILDERNESS OAKS 
 TX 

() 

2021(A) 

TOMBALL CROSSINGS 
 TX 

2013(A) 

TOMBALL MARKETPLACE 
 TX 

2021(A) 

TRENTON CROSSING - NORTH MCALLEN 
 TX 

2021(A) 

VILLAGE PLAZA AT BUNKER HILL 
 TX 

2021(A) 

WESTCHASE S.C. 
 TX 

2021(A) 

WESTHILL VILLAGE 
 TX 

2021(A) 

WOODBRIDGE SHOPPING CENTER 
 TX 

2012(A) 

2021(A) 

CENTRO ARLINGTON-RESI 
 VA 

2021(A) 

DOCSTONE COMMONS 
 VA 

2016(A) 

DOCSTONE O/P - STAPLES 
 VA 

() 

2016(A) 

DULLES TOWN CROSSING 
 VA 

2015(A) 

GORDON PLAZA 
 VA 

2017(A) 

HILLTOP VILLAGE CENTER 
 VA 

2021(A) 

OLD TOWN PLAZA 
 VA 

() 

2007(A) 

POTOMAC RUN PLAZA 
 VA 

2008(A) 

STAFFORD MARKETPLACE 
 VA 

2015(A) 

WEST ALEX - RETAIL 
 VA 

2021(A) 

WEST ALEX-OFFICE 
 VA 

2021(A) 

WEST ALEX-RESI 
 VA 

2021(A) 

AUBURN NORTH 
 WA 

2007(A) 

COVINGTON ESPLANADE 
 WA 

2021(A) 

FRANKLIN PARK COMMONS 
 WA 

2015(A) 

FRONTIER VILLAGE SHOPPING CTR. 
 WA 

2012(A) 

GATEWAY SHOPPING CENTER 
 WA 

2016(A) 

SILVERDALE PLAZA 
 WA 

2012(A) 

THE MARKETPLACE AT FACTORIA 
 WA 

2013(A) 

THE WHITTAKER 
 WA 

2021(A) 

() 

2004(C) 

GLADDEN FARMS 
 AZ 

2021(A) 

HOMESTEAD-WACHTEL LAND LEASE 
 FL 

2013(A) 

PALM COAST LANDING OUTPARCELS 
 FL 

2021(A) 

LAKE WALES S.C. 
 FL 

2009(A) 

FLINT - VACANT LAND 
 MI 

() 

2012(A) 

CHARLOTTE SPORTS FITNESS CTR 
 NC 

1986(A) 

SURF CITY CROSSING 
 NC 

() 

2021(A) 

THE SHOPPES AT CAVENESS FARMS 
 NC 

2021(A) 

WAKE FOREST CROSSING II - LAND ONLY 
 NC 

2021(A) 

WAKEFIELD COMMONS III 
 NC 

() 

2001(C) 

WAKEFIELD CROSSINGS 
 NC 

() 

2001(C) 

HILLSBOROUGH PROMENADE 
 NJ 

() 

2001(C) 

JERICHO ATRIUM 
 NY 

2016(A) 

KEY BANK BUILDING 
 NY 

() 

2006(A) 

MANHASSET CENTER (RESIDENTIAL) 
 NY 

2012(A) 

MERRY LANE (PARKING LOT) 
 NY 

2007(A) 

NORTHPORT LAND PARCEL 
 NY 

2012(A) 

MCMINNVILLE PLAZA 
 OR 

2006(C) 

COULTER AVE. PARCEL 
 PA 

2015(A) 

1935 WEST GRAY 
 TX 

2021(A) 

2503 MCCUE, LLC 
 TX 

2021(A) 

CULLEN BLVD. AND EAST OREM DR. 
 TX 

2021(A) 

NORTH TOWNE PLAZA - BROWNSVILLE 
 TX 

2021(A) 

RICHMOND SQUARE - PAD 
 TX 

2021(A) 

TEXAS CITY LAND 
 TX 

2021(A) 

WESTOVER SQUARE 
 TX 

() 

2021(A) 

BLUE RIDGE 
 Various 

() 

2005(A) 

BALANCE OF PORTFOLIO (4) 
 Various 

() 

TOTALS 

1 
 The negative balance for costs capitalized subsequent to acquisition could include parcels/out-parcels sold, assets held-for-sale, provision for losses and/or demolition of part of a property for redevelopment. 

2 
 Includes fair market value of debt adjustments, net and deferred financing costs, net. 

3 
 Shopping center includes land held for development. 

4 
 Includes fixtures, leasehold improvements and other costs capitalized. 

Depreciation and amortization are provided on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: 

to 

Fixtures, building and leasehold improvements (including certain identified intangible assets) 

Terms of leases or useful lives, whichever is shorter 

The aggregate cost for Federal income tax purposes was approximately billion at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The changes in total real estate assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

Additions during period: 

Acquisitions 

Improvements 

Transfers from unconsolidated joint ventures 

Deductions during period: 

Sales and assets held-for-sale 

() 

() 

() 

Transfers to operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Transfers to unconsolidated joint ventures 

() 

Adjustment for fully depreciated assets 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustment of property carrying values 

() 

() 

Balance, end of period 

The changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

Additions during period: 

Depreciation for year 

Deductions during period: 

Sales and assets held-for-sale 

() 

() 

() 

Transfers to operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Adjustment for fully depreciated assets/other 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, end of period 

Reclassifications: 
 Certain amounts in the prior period have been reclassified in order to conform with the current period's presentation. 

103

Jun-25 I - - 
 Jacksonville, FL Nov-26 I - - 
 San Antonio, TX Sep-27 I - - 
 Fairfax, VA May-29 I - - 
 Euless, TX Jun-29 I - - 
 Las Vegas, NV May-33 I - - 
 Las Vegas, NV Oct-53 I - - 
 
 Nonretail 
 Commack, NY Oct-26 P I - - 
 Melbourne, FL Dec-30 P I - - 
 
 Other Financing Loans: 
 Nonretail 
 Borrower A Apr-23 P I - - 
 Borrower B Mar-31 P I - - 
 Allowance for Credit losses: - - - 
 
 - 

(a) I = Interest only; P I = Principal Interest. 
 (b) The aggregate cost for Federal income tax purposes was approximately million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 For a reconciliation of mortgage and other financing receivables from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022, see Footnote 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10 -K. 
 
 The Company feels it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of each receivable as quoted market prices are not available. 
 The cost of obtaining an independent valuation on these assets is deemed excessive considering the materiality of the total receivables. 

104

<EX-4.16>
 2
 ex_478597.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.16

ex_478597.htm 

Exhibit 4.16 

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION, as the Successor Company, 

WEINGARTEN REALTY INVESTORS, as the Company and 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as 

 TRUSTEE 

 _______ 

THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

Dated as of August 3, 2021 

Supplementing the Indenture, dated as of May 1, 1995, 

 between Weingarten Realty Investors 

 and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to Texas Commerce Bank National Association) 

 as supplemented by 

 a First Supplemental Indenture dated August 2, 2006 and 

 a Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 9, 2012 

THIS THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of August 3, 2021 (the Third Supplemental Indenture ), is made by and among KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION, a Maryland corporation (the Successor Company ), WEINGARTEN REALTY INVESTORS, a Texas real estate investment trust (the Company ), and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. (successor in interest to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, successor in interest to Texas Commerce Bank National Association), a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States, as Trustee (the Trustee under the Indenture referred to herein. 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee are parties to an Indenture dated as of May 1, 1995 (the Original Indenture , and as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 2, 2006, and the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 9, 2009, the Indenture )), providing for the issuance of senior debt securities (the Notes 

WHEREAS, there is outstanding under the terms of the Indenture one or more series of Securities (as defined in the Indenture); 

WHEREAS, as permitted by the terms of the Indenture, the Company, simultaneously with the effectiveness of this Third Supplemental Indenture, shall merge with and into the Successor Company (the Merger ), with the Successor Company being the surviving entity of the Merger; 

WHEREAS, Section 801 of the Indenture provides that the Company may merge with or into any other corporation, provided that, among other things, the successor corporation shall expressly assume the due and punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any interest (including all Additional Amounts, if any, payable pursuant to Section 1011 of the Indenture) on all of the Securities, according to their tenor, and the due and punctual performance and observance of all of the covenants and conditions of the Indenture to be performed by the Company by supplemental indenture; 

WHEREAS, Section 901(1) of the Indenture provides that the Company and the Trustee may enter into one or more supplemental indentures to the Indenture without the consent of any Holders of the Securities to evidence the succession of another Person to the Company and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Company in the Indenture and in the Securities; and 

WHEREAS, Section 901(9) of the Indenture provides that the Company and the Trustee may enter into one or more supplemental indentures to the Indenture without the Consent of any Holders of the Securities in order to correct or supplement any provision contained in the Indenture which may be inconsistent with the provisions of the Indenture or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Indenture, provided such provisions shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Securities of any series or any related coupons in any material respect. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company, the Successor Company and the Trustee agree as follows for the equal and ratable benefit of the holders of the Securities: 

ARTICLE I 
 ASSUMPTION BY SUCCESSOR COMPANY 
 AND SUPPLEMENTAL PROVISIONS 

Section 1.1 Representations and Warranties . The Successor Company hereby represents and warrants that it is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Maryland and will be the surviving entity in the Merger; and 

Section 1.2 Assumption of the Securities 

(a) 

Pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Section 801 and Section 901(1) of the Indenture, the Successor Company hereby expressly assumes the due and punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any interest (including all Additional Amounts, if any, payable pursuant to Section 1011 of the Indenture) on all of the Securities, according to their tenor, and the due and punctual performance and observance of all of the covenants and conditions of the Indenture to be performed by the Company. 

(b) 

Pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Section 802 of the Indenture, the Successor Company hereby succeeds to, is substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under the Indenture with the same effect as if the Successor Company had originally been named in the Indenture as the Company. 

Section 1.3 Supplemental Provisions . Pursuant to, and in compliance with Section 901(9) of the Indenture: 

(a) 

The definition of Board of Trust Managers in Section 101 of the Indenture is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Successor Company, the executive committee or any committee of that board duly authorized to act hereunder. 

(b) 

The definition of Trust Managers in Section 101 of the Indenture is hereby deleted and replaced with the following. 

Directors means the individuals comprising the Board of Directors. 

(c) 

All references to Board of Trust Managers , Trust Manager and Trust Managers in the Indenture are hereby deleted and replaced with Board of Directors , Director and Directors, respectively. 

ARTICLE II 
 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 2.1 Effect of Supplemental Indenture . Upon the later to occur of (i) the execution and delivery of this Third Supplemental Indenture by the Company, the Successor Company and the Trustee and (ii) the effective time of the Merger, the Indenture shall be supplemented in accordance herewith, and this Third Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Securities heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered under the Indenture shall be bound thereby. 

Section 2.2 Indenture and Supplemental Indentures Construed Together . 

(a) This Third Supplemental Indenture is an indenture supplemental to and in implementation of the Indenture, and the Indenture and this Third Supplemental Indenture shall henceforth be read and construed together. 

(b) Upon the effectiveness of this Third Supplemental Indenture, each reference in the Indenture to this Indenture, hereunder, herein or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Indenture, as affected, amended and supplemented hereby. 

(c) Upon the effectiveness of this Third Supplemental Indenture, each reference in the Securities to the Indenture, including each term defined by reference to the Indenture, shall mean and be a reference to the Indenture or such term, as the case may be, as affected, amended and supplemented hereby. 

Section 2.3 Confirmation and Preservation of Indenture. THE INDENTURE, AS AMENDED AND SUPPLEMENTED BY THIS THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT AND IS HEREBY IN ALL RESPECTS CONFIRMED AND PRESERVED. 

Section 3.1 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act . This Third Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, that are required to be part of this Third Supplemental Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. 

Section 3.2 Severability . In case any provision in this Third Supplemental Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 3.3 Terms Defined in the Indenture . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Indenture, either directly or by reference therein, shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. 

Section 3.4 Addresses for Notice, etc., to the Successor Company . By its signature hereto, the Successor Company hereby gives notice pursuant to Section 105(2) of the Indenture, that any notice or demand which by any provisions of this Third Supplemental Indenture or the Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the holders of Securities to or on the Successor Company as contemplated by Section 105 of the Indenture shall be given or served by postage prepaid first class mail addressed (until another address is filed by the Successor Company with the Trustee) as follows: 

Kimco Realty Corporation 

 500 N. Broadway, Suite 201 

 Jericho, NY 11753 

 Attention: Glenn G. Cohen 

 Copy to: Bruce M. Rubenstein 

 Email: GCohen@kimcorealty.com; BRubenstein@kimcorealty.com 

Section 3.5 Headings . The Article and Section headings of this Third Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered part of this Third Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section 3.6 Benefits of Third Supplemental Indenture, etc . Nothing in this Third Supplemental Indenture or the Securities, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and thereto and their successors hereunder and thereunder and the holders of the Securities, any benefit of any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under the Indenture, this Third Supplemental Indenture or the Securities. 

Section 3.7 Certain Duties and Responsibilities of the Trustee . In entering into this Third Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to the benefit of every provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability or affording protection to the Trustee, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Third Supplemental Indenture. The recitals and statements in this Third Supplemental Indenture are deemed to be those of the Successor Company and the Company and not of the Trustee. 

Section 3.8 Counterparts . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Third Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be deemed an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. Signatures to this Third Supplemental Indenture transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format .pdf form, or by any other electronic means, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signature. 

Section 3.9 Governing Law . This Third Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Third Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 

THE SUCCESSOR COMPANY: 

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION 

By: /s/Glenn G. Cohen 

Name: Glenn G. Cohen 

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief 

Financial Officer and Treasurer 

THE COMPANY: 

WEINGARTEN REALTY INVESTORS 

By: /s/ Alexander M. Alexander 

Name: Andrew M. Alexander 

Title: Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 

THE TRUSTEE: 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. 

By: /s/ Julie Hoffman-Ramos 

Name: Julie Hoffman-Ramos 

Title: Vice President 

</EX-4.16>

<EX-10.19>
 3
 ex_479009.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.19

ex_479009.htm 

Exhibit 10.19 

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

This Indemnification Agreement Agreement is made as of [___________] (the Effective Date by and between KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION, a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and ____________________ Indemnitee ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance and adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of the corporation and the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons; 

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that, (i) in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities; (ii) although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among United States-based corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions; (iii) at the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself; 

WHEREAS, the Bylaws of the Company require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company, and, although Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), the Bylaws and the MGCL expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification; 

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Company and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS, it is in the best interests of the Company to contractually obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; 

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee and the Company enter into the Agreement; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, the Company and Indemnitee, intending to be legally bound, do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 

1. Services to the Company . Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director or key employee of the Company for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or until Indemnitee tenders Indemnitee s resignation. However, this Agreement shall not impose any independent obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitee s service to the Company. This Agreement shall not be deemed an employment contract between the Company (or any other entity) and Indemnitee. 

2. Definitions. As used in this Agreement: 

(a) Agent means any person who is or was a director, officer, or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company or any Enterprise (as defined below) relating thereto, including any such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, trustee, administrator, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, agent or other official of another foreign or domestic corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company. As a clarification and without limiting the circumstances in which Indemnitee may be serving at the request of the Company, service by Indemnitee shall be deemed to be at the request of the Company: (i) if Indemnitee serves or served as a director, trustee, officer, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (1) of which a majority of the voting power or equity interest is or was owned directly or indirectly by the Company or (2) the management of which is controlled directly or indirectly by the Company and (ii) if, as a result of Indemnitee s service to the Company or any of its affiliated entities, Indemnitee is subject to duties to, or required to perform services for, an employee benefit plan or its participants or beneficiaries, including as a deemed fiduciary thereof. 

(b) Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the Effective Date. 

(c) Change in Control means the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events: 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party . Any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Company s securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (ii) of this definition; 

(ii) Change in Board of Directors . Individuals who, as of the Effective date, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the Effective Date or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate Transactions . The effective date of a reorganization, merger, conversion, share exchange or consolidation of the Company (a Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51 of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed with respect to Company securities prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination; 

(iv) Liquidation . The approval by Board and the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; or 

(v) Other Events . There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 

(d) Corporate Status means the status of a Person (as defined below) who is or was an Agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such Person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 

(e) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to a Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification and/or advance of Expenses is sought by Indemnitee. 

(f) Effective Date means the date set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

(g) Enterprise means the Company, and any other entity, constituent entity (including any constituent of a constituent) acquired in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) is a party, Subsidiary (as defined below), limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as an Agent. 

(h) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(i) Expenses (i) means any and all reasonable and out-of-pocket attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, arbitration and mediation costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and any other disbursements or expenses incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below); and (ii) includes Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent; provided, however, that Expenses excludes amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or Fines against Indemnitee. 

(j) Fines includes any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan; 

(k) Independent Counsel means a law firm or a member of a law firm that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to or participant or witness in the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification or advance of Expenses hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any Person (as defined below) who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. 

(l) Maryland Court means the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, northern Division. 

(m) Person has the meaning set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the Effective Date; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employee benefit plan or employment plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan or employment plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(n) Potential Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the Company enters into any written or oral agreement, undertaking or arrangement, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control; (ii) any Person or the Company publicly announces an intention to take or consider taking actions which if consummated would constitute a Change in Control; (iii) any Person who becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 5 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors increases such Person s Beneficial Ownership of such securities by 5 or more over the percentage so owned by such Person on the Effective Date; or (iv) the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that, for purposes of this Agreement, a Potential Change in Control has occurred. 

(o) Proceeding means any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing, claim, demand or discovery request or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative (formal or informal) nature, including any related appeal, except one pending or completed on or before the Effective Date, unless otherwise specifically agreed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee, in which Indemnitee was, is or will be involved as a party or witness or otherwise by reason of the Indemnitee s Corporate Status, by reason of any action taken or not taken by Indemnitee while acting in Indemnitee s Corporate Status, in each case whether or not the Indemnitee is still serving in such capacity at the time any Proceeding is commenced or any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement. If Indemnitee reasonably believes that a given situation may lead to or culminate in the institution of a Proceeding, such situation shall also be considered a Proceeding. 

(p) Subsidiary , with respect to any Person, means any corporation or other Enterprise of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person. 

3. General . The Company shall indemnify, and advance Expenses to, Indemnitee (a) as provided in this Agreement and (b) otherwise to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect on the Effective Date and as amended from time to time; provided, however, that no change in Maryland law shall have the effect of reducing the benefits available to Indemnitee hereunder based on Maryland law as in effect on the Effective Date. The rights of Indemnitee provided in this Section 3 shall include, without limitation, the rights set forth in the other sections of this Agreement, including any additional indemnification permitted by the MGCL, including, without limitation, Section 2- 418(g) of the MGCL. 

4. Standard for Indemnification . If by reason of Indemnitee's Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be, made a party to any Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement and all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee s behalf in connection with any such Proceeding unless it is established that (i) the act or omission of Indemnitee was material to the matter giving rise to the Proceeding and (a) was committed in bad faith or (b) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (ii) Indemnitee actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services, or (iii) in the case of any criminal Proceeding, Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitee s conduct was unlawful. 

5. Certain Limits on Indemnification . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (other than Section 7), Indemnitee may not be indemnified: 

(i) if the Proceeding was one by or in the right of the Company and the Indemnitee is adjudged, in a final adjudication of the Proceeding not subject to further appeal, to be liable to the Company; or 

(ii) if the Indemnitee is adjudged, in a final adjudication of the Proceeding not subject to further appeal, to be liable on the basis that personal benefit in money, property or services was improperly received in any Proceeding charging improper personal benefit to Indemnitee, whether or not involving action in Indemnitee's Corporate Status. 

6. Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness or Other Participant . Notwithstanding and in addition to any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is or may be, by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status, made a witness or otherwise asked to participate in any Proceeding, whether instituted by the Company or any other person, and to which Indemnitee is not a party, the Company hereby covenants and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee s behalf in connection therewith within ten days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting any such advance or indemnification from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee. In connection with any such advance of Expenses, the Company may require Indemnitee to provide an undertaking and affirmation substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A or in such form as may be required under applicable law as in effect at the time of execution thereof. 

7. Additional Indemnification . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a court of appropriate jurisdiction, upon application of Indemnitee and such notice as the court shall require, may order indemnification of Indemnitee by the Company in the following circumstances: 

(i) if such court determines that Indemnitee is entitled to reimbursement under Section 2-418(d)(1) of the MGCL, the court shall order indemnification, in which case Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover the Expenses of securing such reimbursement; or 

(ii) if such court determines that Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification in view of all the relevant circumstances, whether or not Indemnitee (x) has met the standards of conduct set forth in Section 2-418(b) of the MGCL or (y) has been adjudged liable for receipt of an improper personal benefit under Section 2-418(c) of the MGCL, the court may order such indemnification as the court shall deem proper. However, indemnification with respect to any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company or in which liability shall have been adjudged in the circumstances described in Section 2-418(c) of the MGCL shall be limited to Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee or on the Indemnitee s behalf in connection with a Proceeding. 

8. Indemnification for Expenses of an Indemnitee Who is Wholly or Partially Successful . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and without limiting any such provision, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status, made a party to (or otherwise becomes a participant in) any Proceeding and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee for all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee s behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee under this Section 8 for all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee s behalf in connection with each such claim, issue or matter, allocated on a reasonable and proportionate basis. For purposes of this Section 8 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

9. Contribution in the Event of Joint Liability . 

(a) To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, if the indemnification and hold harmless rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, other than for failure to satisfy the standard of conduct set forth in Section 4 or due to the provisions of Section 5, then, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying and holding harmless Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, Fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee. 

(b) The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee. 

(c) The Company shall fully indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

10. Exclusions . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnification provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnification provision or otherwise; 

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; and/or 

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 15(e) and (f) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation; or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. 

11. Advances of Expenses; Defense of Claim . 

If, by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be, made a party to any Proceeding, notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall advance the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three (3) months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any Proceeding, which advance may be in the form of, in the reasonable discretion of Indemnitee (but without duplication), (1) payment of such Expenses directly to third parties on behalf of Indemnitee, (2) advance of funds to Indemnitee in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses or (3) reimbursement to Indemnitee for Indemnitee s payment of such Expenses. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by the written affirmation and undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee, in substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A or in such form as may be required under applicable law as in effect at the time of the execution thereof and as contemplated by Section 12. To the extent that Expenses advanced to Indemnitee do not relate to a specific claim, issue or matter in the Proceeding, such Expenses shall be allocated on a reasonable and proportionate basis. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitee s ability to repay the Expenses and without requiring a preliminary determination of Indemnitee s ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred in pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred in preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. This Section 11 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnification is excluded pursuant to Section 10. 

12. Procedure for Notification and Application for Indemnification . 

(a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. Indemnitee may submit one or more such requests from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in Indemnitee s discretion. The officer of the Company receiving any such request from Indemnitee shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise, unless the Company is prejudiced by such failure. 

(b) Indemnitee shall deliver to the Company a written affirmation by Indemnitee of Indemnitee s good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Company as authorized by law and by this Agreement has been met and a written undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A or in such form as may be required under applicable law as in effect at the time of the execution thereof, to reimburse the portion of any Expenses advanced to Indemnitee relating to claims, issues or matters in the Proceeding as to which it shall ultimately be established that the standard of conduct has not been met as provided for in Section 3 and described in Section 4 of this Agreement. 

13. Procedure Upon Application for Indemnification . 

(a) Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to this Agreement, a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement thereto shall be made promptly in the specific case: (i) if a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Counsel, in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, which Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Board in accordance with Section 2-418(e)(2)(ii) of the MGCL, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld; or (ii) if a Change in Control has not occurred, (A) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors or, if such a quorum cannot be obtained, then by a majority vote of a duly-authorized committee of the Board consisting solely of one or more Disinterested Directors designated by the Disinterested Directors to make the determination, (B) if Independent Counsel, in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, which Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board in accordance with Section 2-418(e)(2)(ii) of the MGCL and approved by Indemnitee, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, by Independent Counsel, in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee , or (C) if so directed by a majority of the members of the Board, by the stockholders of the Company. 

(b) The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied, other than directors or officers who are parties to the Proceeding. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall make payment to Indemnitee within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the Person, Persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such Person, Persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary or appropriate to such determination in the discretion of the Board or Independent Counsel if retained pursuant to clause (ii)(B) of Section 13(a) of this Agreement. Any costs or Expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person, Persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

(c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and Expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

14. Presumptions and Effect of Certain Proceedings . 

(a) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the Person, Persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any Person, Persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

(b) If the Person, Persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 13 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the Person, Persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto. 

(c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet the requisite standard of conduct for indemnification as provided for in Section 3 and described in Section 4 of this Agreement. 

(d) For purposes of any determination of whether an Indemnitee has met the standard of conduct for indemnification as provided for in Section 3 and described in Section 4 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in accordance with the standard of conduct if Indemnitee s action or failure to act is based on reliance on any information, opinion, report, or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by: (i) another officer or employee of the Company whom the Indemnitee reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented; (ii) a lawyer, certified public accountant, or other person, as to a matter which the Indemnitee reasonably believes to be within the person's professional or expert competence; or, if Indemnitee is a director, a committee of the Board on which the Indemnitee does not serve, as to a matter within its designated authority, if the Indemnitee reasonably believes the committee to merit confidence, in all cases unless the Indemnitee has any knowledge concerning the matter in question which would cause the reliance to be unwarranted. The provisions of this Section 14(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. 

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other Agent of the Company or other Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining any other right to indemnification under this Agreement. 

15. Remedies of Indemnitee . 

(a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 6 or 7 or the last sentence of Section 13(b) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement, or (vi) payment of indemnification as provided for in Section 3 and described in Section 4 of this Agreement or the charter or Bylaws of the Company is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Maryland Court to such indemnification, contribution or advancement of Expenses. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitee s option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, of Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, contribution, or advancement of Expenses. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Maryland law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee s right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. 

(b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial Proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 15 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial Proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 15, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial Proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 15, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 11 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial Proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 15, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification; or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 

(d) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial Proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 15 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(e) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Company s receipt of such written request) advance to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial Proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce Indemnitee s rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Company s charter or Bylaws now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any Person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advance, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be. If it shall be determined in such judicial adjudication or arbitration that Indemnitee is entitled to receive part but not all of the indemnification or advance of Expenses sought, the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such judicial adjudication or arbitration shall be appropriately prorated. 

(f) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the maximum rate allowed to be charged for judgments under the Courts and Judicial Proceedings Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland for amounts which the Company pays or is obligated to pay for the period (i) commencing with either the tenth day after the date on which the Company was requested to advance Expenses in accordance with Sections 6 or 11 of this Agreement or the 60 th day after the date on which the Company was requested to make the determination of entitlement to indemnification under Section 12 of this Agreement, as applicable, and (ii) ending on the date such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company. 

16. Defense of the Underlying Proceeding . 

(a) Indemnitee shall notify the Company promptly in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, request or other document relating to any Proceeding which may result in the right to indemnification or the advance of Expenses hereunder and shall include with such notice a description of the nature of the Proceeding and a summary of the facts underlying the Proceeding. The failure to give any such notice shall not disqualify Indemnitee from the right, or otherwise affect in any manner any right of Indemnitee, to indemnification or the advance of Expenses under this Agreement unless the Company s ability to defend in such Proceeding or to obtain proceeds under any insurance policy is materially and adversely prejudiced thereby, and then only to the extent the Company is thereby actually so prejudiced. 

(b) Subject to the provisions of the last sentence of this Section 16(b) and of Section 16(c) below, the Company shall have the right to defend Indemnitee in any Proceeding which may give rise to indemnification hereunder; provided, however, that the Company shall notify Indemnitee of any such decision to defend within 15 days following receipt of notice of any such Proceeding under Section 16(a) above. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Indemnitee, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, consent to the entry of any judgment against Indemnitee or enter into any settlement or compromise with respect to Indemnitee which (i) includes an admission of fault of Indemnitee, (ii) does not include, as an unconditional term thereof, the full release of Indemnitee from all liability in respect of such Proceeding, which release shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee, or (iii) would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee. This Section 16(b) shall not apply to a Proceeding brought by Indemnitee under Section 15 of this Agreement. 

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 16(b) above, if in a Proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status, (i) Indemnitee reasonably concludes, based upon an opinion of counsel approved by the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, that Indemnitee may have separate defenses or counterclaims to assert with respect to any issue which may not be consistent with other defendants in such Proceeding, (ii) Indemnitee reasonably concludes, based upon an opinion of counsel approved by the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, that an actual or apparent conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest exists between Indemnitee and the Company, or (iii) if the Company fails to assume the defense of such Proceeding in a timely manner, Indemnitee shall be entitled to be represented by separate legal counsel of Indemnitee s choice, subject to the prior approval of the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, at the expense of the Company. In addition, if the Company fails to comply with any of its obligations under this Agreement or in the event that the Company or any other person takes any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any Proceeding to deny or to recover from Indemnitee the benefits intended to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall have the right to retain counsel of Indemnitee s choice, subject to the prior approval of the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, at the expense of the Company (subject to Section 19 of this Agreement), to represent Indemnitee in connection with any such matter. 

17. Establishment of Trust . In the event of a Potential Change in Control, the Company shall, upon written request by Indemnitee, create a trust for the benefit of Indemnitee (the Trust and from time to time upon written request of Indemnitee shall fund such Trust in an amount sufficient to satisfy any and all Expenses reasonably anticipated at the time of each such request to be incurred in connection with investigating, preparing for, participating in or defending any Proceedings, and any and all judgments, Fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such judgments, Fines penalties and amounts paid in settlement) in connection with any and all Proceedings from time to time actually paid or claimed, reasonably anticipated or proposed to be paid. The trustee of the Trust (the Trustee shall be a bank or trust company or other individual or entity chosen by the Indemnitee and reasonably acceptable to the Company. Nothing in this Section 17 shall relieve the Company of any of its obligations under this Agreement. The amount or amounts to be deposited in the Trust pursuant to the foregoing funding obligation shall be determined by mutual agreement of the Indemnitee and the Company or, if the Company and the Indemnitee are unable to reach such an agreement, by Independent Counsel selected in accordance with Section 13(a) of this Agreement. The terms of the Trust shall provide that, except upon the consent of both the Indemnitee and the Company, upon a Change in Control: (a) the Trust shall not be revoked, or the principal thereof invaded, without the written consent of the Indemnitee; (b) the Trustee shall advance, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, within two (2) business days of a request by the Indemnitee and upon the execution and delivery to the Company of an undertaking providing that the Indemnitee undertakes to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company, any and all Expenses to the Indemnitee; (c) the Trust shall continue to be funded by the Company in accordance with the funding obligations set forth above; (d) the Trustee shall promptly pay to the Indemnitee all amounts for which the Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise; and (e) all unexpended funds in such Trust shall revert to the Company upon mutual agreement by the Indemnitee and the Company or, if the Indemnitee and the Company are unable to reach such an agreement, by Independent Counsel selected in accordance with Section 13(a) of this Agreement, that the Indemnitee has been fully indemnified under the terms of this Agreement. The Trust shall be governed by Maryland law (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules) and the Trustee shall consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Maryland Court in accordance with Section 25 of this Agreement. 

18. Security . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent requested by the Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to the Indemnitee for the Company s obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to the Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee. 

19. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation . 

(a) The rights of indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Company s Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. Unless consented to in writing by Indemnitee, no amendment, alteration or repeal of the charter or Bylaws of the Company, this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitee s Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Company s Bylaws or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right or remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right or remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prohibit the concurrent or subsequent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The MGCL and the Company s Bylaws permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond Indemnification Arrangements on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against Indemnitee or incurred by or on behalf of him or in such capacity as Agent of the Company, or arising out of Indemnitee s status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify Indemnitee against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the MGCL, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of the Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement. 

(c) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for any Agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such Agent serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such Agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness or otherwise) and the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. In the event of a Change in Control, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to maintain in force any and all directors and officers liability insurance policies that were maintained by the Company immediately prior to the Change in Control for a period of six years with the insurance carrier or carriers and through the insurance broker in place at the time of the Change in Control; provided, however, (i) if the carriers will not offer the same policy and an expiring policy needs to be replaced, a policy substantially comparable in scope and amount shall be obtained and (ii) if any replacement insurance carrier is necessary to obtain a policy substantially comparable in scope and amount, such insurance carrier shall have an AM Best rating that is the same or better than the AM Best rating of the existing insurance carrier; provided, further, however, in no event shall the Company be required to expend in the aggregate in excess of 250 of the annual premium or premiums paid by the Company for directors and officers liability insurance in effect on the date of the Change in Control. In the event that 250 of the annual premium paid by the Company for such existing directors and officers liability insurance is insufficient for such coverage, the Company shall spend up to that amount to purchase such lesser coverage as may be obtained with such amount. 

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 

(e) The Company s obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as an Agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of Expenses from such Enterprise. 

20. Duration of Agreement . All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as an Agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 15 of this Agreement) by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided under this Agreement. 

21. Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, void, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, void, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, void illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. 

22. Enforcement and Binding Effect . 

(a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as an Agent of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as an Agent of the Company. 

(b) Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Bylaws of the Company as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

(c) The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be an Agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise at the Company s request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitee s spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

(d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

(e) This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Indemnitee s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, legatees and other successors. 

(f) This Agreement is personal in nature and neither of the parties hereto will, without the consent of the other, assign or delegate this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder except as expressly provided in this Section 22. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, Indemnitee s right to receive payments hereunder will not be assignable, whether by pledge, creation of a security interest or otherwise, other than by a transfer by the Indemnitee s will, devise, a grantor s trust instrument under which the Indemnitee or Indemnitee s estate is the sole beneficiary, or by the laws of descent and distribution, and, in the event of any attempted assignment or transfer contrary to this Section 22(f), the Company will have no liability to pay any amount so attempted to be assigned or transferred. 

(g) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by the court, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking. 

23. Modification and Waiver . No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

24. Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed: 

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company. 

(b) If to the Company, to: 

Kimco Realty Corporation 

 [500 North Broadway, Suite 201 

 Jericho, NY 11753] 

 Attention: General Counsel 

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

25. Applicable Law and Consent to Jurisdiction . This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Maryland, without regard to its conflicts of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 15(a) of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (a) agree that any action or Proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in a Maryland Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such Maryland Court for purposes of any action or Proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) appoint irrevocably, to the extent such party is not a resident of the State of Maryland, [____________________] as its agent in the State of Maryland as such party s agent for acceptance of legal process in connection with any such action or Proceeding against such party with the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally within the State of Maryland; (d) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or Proceeding in the Maryland Court; and (e) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or Proceeding brought in a Maryland Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. 

26. Identical Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, (delivery of which may be by facsimile, or via e-mail as a portable document format (.pdf) or other electronic format), each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. It will not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement or the terms of this Agreement to produce or account for more than one such counterpart. Only one such counterpart signed (and delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission) by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 

27. Headings . The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

28. Miscellaneous . The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed as of the date first above written. 

KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION INDEMNITEE 

By: __________________________ ___________________________ 

Name: Name: 

 Title: Address: 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF UNDERTAKING TO REPAY EXPENSES ADVANCED 

The Board of Directors of Kimco Realty Corporation 

Re: Affirmation and Undertaking 

This undertaking is being provided pursuant to that certain Indemnification Agreement dated the day of , 20 , by and between Kimco Realty Corporation, a Maryland corporation (the Company ), and the undersigned Indemnitee (the Indemnification Agreement ), pursuant to which I am entitled to advance of expenses in connection with ____________ (the Proceeding ). 

Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings specified in the Indemnification Agreement. 

I am subject to the Proceeding by reason of my Corporate Status or by reason of alleged actions or omissions by me in such capacity. I believe in good faith that at all times, insofar as I was involved as a director of the Company, in any of the facts or events giving rise to the Proceeding, I (i) did not act in bad faith or as a result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (ii) did not actually receive any improper personal benefit in money, property or services and (iii) in the case of any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that any act or omission by me was unlawful. 

In consideration of the advance of Expenses by the Company for reasonable attorneys fees and related expenses incurred by me in connection with the Proceeding (the Advanced Expenses ), I hereby agree that if, in connection with the Proceeding, it is established that (i) an act or omission by me was material to the matter giving rise to the Proceeding and (a) was committed in bad faith or (b) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty or (ii) I actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (iii) in the case of any criminal proceeding, I had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful, then I shall promptly reimburse the portion of the Advanced Expenses relating to the claims, issues or matters in the Proceeding as to which the foregoing findings have been established. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have executed this Affirmation and Undertaking on this ___ day of ____________________, 20___. 

WITNESS: 

___________________________ _______________________________ 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 4
 ex_479610.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.20

ex_479610.htm 

Exhibit 10.20 

2,000,000,000 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Dated as of February 23, 2023 

Among 

KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC (as successor by conversion to Kimco Realty Corporation), 

The Subsidiary Borrowers 
from time to time party hereto, 

The Several Lenders 
from time to time party hereto, 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, and ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, 
as Issuing Lenders, 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
as Administrative Agent, 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL 
			ASSOCIATION, PNC BANK, NATIONAL 

			 ASSOCIATION, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS 1 , 
			and THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 
			as Syndication Agents, 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., BANK OF 

			 MONTREAL, BARCLAYS BANK, PLC, 
			BNP PARIBAS, CITIBANK, N.A., 
			MIZUHO BANK, LTD., REGIONS BANK, 
			TD BANK, N.A., TRUIST BANK, and U.S. 

			 BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
			as Documentation Agents, 

BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, 
			CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS 

			 BRANCH, and MORGAN STANLEY 
			 SENIOR FUNDING, INC., 
			as Senior Managing Agents 

ASSOCIATED BANK and 
			DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., 
			as Managing Agents, 

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, 
			as Sustainability Structuring Agent 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC and RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, 
as Joint Bookrunners 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, BOFA SECURITIES, INC., CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., MIZUHO BANK, LTD., REGIONS CAPITAL MARKETS, U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
TD BANK, N.A., TRUIST SECURITIES, INC., 
BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP. and BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP. 
as Joint Lead Arrangers 

1 

RBC Capital Markets is a marketing name for the investment banking activities of Royal Bank of Canada and its affiliates. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

2 

Section 1.1 

Defined Terms. 

2 

Section 1.2 

Other Definitional Provisions; Interpretation. 

45 

Section 1.3 

Accounting Terms; GAAP. 

45 

Section 1.4 

Exchange Rates. 

46 

Section 1.5 

Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 

46 

Section 1.6 

Letter of Credit Amounts. 

47 

Section 1.7 

Divisions. 

47 

ARTICLE II 

THE LOANS 

47 

Section 2.1 

Competitive Bid Procedure. 

47 

Section 2.2 

Loans; Etc. 

49 

Section 2.3 

Prepayments. 

52 

Section 2.4 

Conversion and Continuation Options. 

53 

Section 2.5 

Fees. 

53 

Section 2.6 

Interest Rates and Payment Dates. 

54 

Section 2.7 

Computation of Interest and Fees. 

55 

Section 2.8 

Market Disruption and Alternate Rate of Interest. 

55 

Section 2.9 

Pro Rata Treatment and Payments. 

59 

Section 2.10 

Illegality. 

60 

Section 2.11 

Requirements of Law. 

60 

Section 2.12 

Taxes. 

62 

Section 2.13 

Indemnity. 

65 

Section 2.14 

Change of Lending Office. 

65 

Section 2.15 

Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances. 

66 

Section 2.16 

Additional Reserve Costs. 

66 

Section 2.17 

Defaulting Lenders. 

66 

Section 2.18 

Reallocation of Tranche A Commitments and Tranche B Commitments. 

68 

Section 2.19 

Sustainability Adjustments. 

69 

ARTICLE III 

LETTERS OF CREDIT 

71 

Section 3.1 

L/C Commitment. 

71 

Section 3.2 

Procedure for Issuance of Letters of Credit. 

72 

Section 3.3 

Fees and Other Charges. 

73 

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (continued) 

 Page 

Section 3.4 

L/C Participations. 

73 

Section 3.5 

Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrowers. 

74 

Section 3.6 

Obligations Absolute. 

75 

Section 3.7 

Letter of Credit Payments. 

76 

Section 3.8 

Applications. 

76 

Section 3.9 

Replacement of the Issuing Lender; Alternate Issuing Lender. 

76 

Section 3.10 

Existing Letters of Credit. 

77 

Section 3.11 

Increase of L/C Commitment 

77 

ARTICLE IV 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

77 

Section 4.1 

Financial Condition. 

78 

Section 4.2 

No Change. 

78 

Section 4.3 

Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law. 

78 

Section 4.4 

Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations. 

79 

Section 4.5 

No Legal Bar. 

79 

Section 4.6 

No Material Litigation. 

79 

Section 4.7 

No Default. 

79 

Section 4.8 

Ownership of Property. 

80 

Section 4.9 

Intellectual Property. 

80 

Section 4.10 

No Burdensome Restrictions; Disclosure. 

80 

Section 4.11 

Taxes. 

80 

Section 4.12 

Federal Regulations. 

81 

Section 4.13 

ERISA. 

81 

Section 4.14 

Investment Company Act. 

81 

Section 4.15 

Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. 

81 

Section 4.16 

Purpose. 

81 

Section 4.17 

Environmental Matters. 

82 

Section 4.18 

Insurance. 

82 

Section 4.19 

Condition of Properties. 

83 

Section 4.20 

[Reserved]. 

83 

Section 4.21 

REIT Status. 

83 

Section 4.22 

Solvency. 

83 

Section 4.23 

Affected Financial Institutions 

83 

ii

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (continued) 

 Page 

ARTICLE V 

CONDITIONS 

84 

Section 5.1 

Conditions to Effectiveness / Effective Date. 

84 

Section 5.2 

Conditions to Each Extension of Credit. 

85 

ARTICLE VI 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

86 

Section 6.1 

Financial Statements. 

86 

Section 6.2 

Certificates; Other Information. 

87 

Section 6.3 

Payment of Obligations. 

88 

Section 6.4 

Maintenance of Existence, etc. 

88 

Section 6.5 

Maintenance of Property; Insurance. 

88 

Section 6.6 

Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions. 

88 

Section 6.7 

Notices. 

89 

Section 6.8 

Environmental Laws. 

89 

ARTICLE VII 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

90 

Section 7.1 

Financial Covenants. 

90 

Section 7.2 

Limitation on Certain Fundamental Changes. 

91 

Section 7.3 

Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 

92 

Section 7.4 

[Reserved]. 

92 

Section 7.5 

Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates. 

92 

Section 7.6 

Limitation on Changes in Fiscal Year. 

92 

Section 7.7 

Limitation on Lines of Business; Creation of Subsidiaries; Negative Pledges; Swap Agreements. 

92 

ARTICLE VIII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

93 

ARTICLE IX 

THE AGENTS 

97 

Section 9.1 

The Agents. 

97 

Section 9.2 

Indemnification. 

101 

Section 9.3 

The Syndication Agents, Documentation Agents, Managing Agents, Sustainability Structuring Agent, Joint Lead Arrangers, and Bookrunners. 

101 

Section 9.4 

Certain ERISA Matters. 

101 

Section 9.5 

Erroneous Payments. 

103 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

104 

Section 10.1 

Amendments and Waivers. 

104 

Section 10.2 

Notices. 

105 

iii

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (continued) 

 Page 

Section 10.3 

No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. 

109 

Section 10.4 

Survival of Representations and Warranties. 

109 

Section 10.5 

Payment of Expenses and Taxes. 

109 

Section 10.6 

Successors and Assigns. 

110 

Section 10.7 

Disclosure. 

113 

Section 10.8 

Increases of Loan Commitments. 

113 

Section 10.9 

Extension of Maturity Date. 

115 

Section 10.10 

Subsidiary Borrowers and Subsidiary Guarantors. 

115 

Section 10.11 

Adjustments; Set-off. 

117 

Section 10.12 

Counterparts; Electronic Execution. 

118 

Section 10.13 

Severability. 

118 

Section 10.14 

Integration. 

118 

Section 10.15 

GOVERNING LAW. 

118 

Section 10.16 

Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers. 

119 

Section 10.17 

Acknowledgments. 

119 

Section 10.18 

WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL. 

120 

Section 10.19 

Confidentiality. 

120 

Section 10.20 

Judgment Currency. 

121 

Section 10.21 

USA Patriot Act. 

121 

Section 10.22 

Sharing Event. 

122 

Section 10.23 

Amendment and Restatement; Transitional Agreements. 

124 

Section 10.24 

Interest Rate Limitation 

124 

Section 10.25 

Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 

125 

Section 10.26 

Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. 

125 

ARTICLE XI 

GUARANTEE BY KIMCO 

126 

Section 11.1 

Guarantee. 

126 

Section 11.2 

Guaranteed Obligations Not Waived. 

126 

Section 11.3 

Guarantee of Payment. 

127 

Section 11.4 

No Discharge or Diminishment of Guarantee. 

127 

Section 11.5 

Defenses Waived; Maturity of Guaranteed Obligations. 

128 

iv

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (continued) 

 Page 

Section 11.6 

Agreement to Pay; Subordination. 

128 

Section 11.7 

Reinstatement. 

128 

Section 11.8 

Information. 

129 

v

EXHIBITS: 

Exhibit A 

-- 

Form of Assignment and Assumption 

Exhibit B-1 

-- 

Form of Revolving Credit Note 

Exhibit B-2 

-- 

Form of Competitive Loan Note 

Exhibit C 

-- 

Form of Subsidiary Guarantee 

Exhibit E 

-- 

Form of Closing Certificate of a Borrower 

Exhibit F 

-- 

Form of Compliance Certificate 

Exhibit G 

-- 

Form of Adherence Agreement 

Exhibit H1-H4 

-- 

Forms of U.S. Tax Certificate 

Exhibit I 

-- 

Form of Pricing Certificate 

SCHEDULES: 

Schedule 1.1A 

-- 

Lenders and Revolving Commitments Immediately After Giving Effect to Effective Date 

Schedule 3.10 

-- 

Existing Letters of Credit 

Schedule 4.1 

-- 

Certain Financial Disclosure 

Schedule 4.19 

-- 

Condemnation Proceedings 

Schedule 7.2 

-- 

Transaction(s) Referred to in Section 7.2 

Schedule 7.7 

-- 

Restrictive Agreements 

Schedule ST 

Sustainability Table 

vi

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of February 23, 2023 among KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC (as successor to Kimco Realty Corporation), a Delaware limited liability company, as successor by conversion to Kimco Realty Corporation Kimco ), the Subsidiaries of Kimco from time to time parties hereto (collectively, the Subsidiary Borrowers together with Kimco, the Borrowers ), the several banks, financial institutions and other entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (collectively, the Lenders ), the Issuing Lenders party hereto, WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, and THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as Syndication Agents (in such capacity, collectively, the Syndication Agents ), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., BANK OF MONTREAL, BARCLAYS BANK, PLC, BNP PARIBAS, CITIBANK, N.A., MIZUHO BANK, LTD., REGIONS BANK, TD BANK, N.A., TRUIST BANK, and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Documentation Agents (in such capacity, collectively, the Documentation Agents ), BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH, and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Senior Managing Agents, ASSOCIATED BANK and DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., as Managing Agents (in such capacity, collectively, the Managing Agents ), J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, as Sustainability Structuring Agent, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., a national banking association, as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS , pursuant to an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 27, 2020 (as amended and in effect immediately before giving effect to the amendment and restatement contemplated hereby, the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement by and among the Borrowers, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the other parties thereto, the lenders party thereto made loans and other extensions of credit available to the Borrowers for the purposes set forth therein; 

WHEREAS , the Borrowers have requested to amend and restate the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement, and the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lenders are willing to amend and restate the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement and to continue to provide financing to the Borrowers on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 

WHEREAS , the Lenders party hereto constitute all Existing Revolving Lenders and, in their capacity as such, together with each Existing Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent, consent to amend and restate the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE , the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lenders each agree that on and as of the Effective Date (as hereinafter defined), the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety on the terms set forth herein, and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 
 
DEFINITIONS 

SECTION 1.1 Defined Terms . 

As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

2022 KPI Target A : with respect to the 2022 calendar year, 5 . 

2022 KPI Target B : with respect to the 2022 calendar year, 4 . 

ABR : for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 ; provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the ABR is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.8 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.8(c)), then the ABR shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the ABR as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 

ABR Loans : Revolving Credit Loans (or Competitive Loans affected by Section 2.10) the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the ABR. 

Acceptable Jurisdiction : a jurisdiction (other than the United States) acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, including, if requested by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, based on satisfactory advice received by it from local counsel in such jurisdiction with respect to the procedure for enforcement of a U.S. judgment in such jurisdiction, and the collection of such judgment from assets located there. 

Adherence Agreement : an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit G executed and delivered by Kimco and a Subsidiary Borrower to the Administrative Agent in connection with the admission of such Subsidiary Borrower as a Borrower hereunder. 

Adjusted Daily Simple RFR : (i) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Sterling, plus (b) 0.0326 and (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

2

Adjusted EURIBOR Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 

Adjusted Net Income : for any period, as to Kimco and the Consolidated Entities, Consolidated Net Income; provided that there shall be excluded the income (or deficit) of any Person other than Ultimate Parent accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with Ultimate Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Adjusted Term SOFR Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Adjusted TIBOR Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the TIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 

Administrative Agent : as defined in the introductory paragraph hereof. With respect to Alternate Currency Borrowings, the Administrative Agent may be an Affiliate of JPMCB for purposes of administering such Borrowings, and all references herein to the term Administrative Agent shall be deemed to refer to the Administrative Agent in respect of the applicable Borrowing or to all Administrative Agents, as the context requires; provided , that in the event an Affiliate of JPMCB is designated as an Administrative Agent hereunder with respect to any Alternate Currency Borrowings, the Borrowers shall only be obligated to deal with JPMCB as Administrative Agent hereunder with respect to matters other than requests for Alternate Currency Loans or conversions or continuations thereof or requests for the issuance, renewal, extension or amendment of Letters of Credit denominated in Alternate Currencies, and all actions and other decisions taken and/or made by JPMCB as Administrative Agent hereunder shall be binding upon such Affiliate of JPMCB in its capacity as an Administrative Agent hereunder. 

Administrative Questionnaire : as defined in Section 10.6. 

Affected Financial Institution : (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution . 

Affiliate : as to any Person, any other Person which, directly or indirectly, is in Control of, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such Person. 

Agent Parties : as defined in Section 10.2(d)(iii). 

Agreed Currency : Dollars and each Alternate Currency. 

Agreement : this Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 

Alternate Currency : (a) EURO, Sterling, Yen or Canadian Dollars or (b) any other currency (other than dollars) that is freely tradable and exchangeable into dollars in the London market and approved in writing as an Alternate Currency by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and all the Lenders who have then-outstanding Tranche B Commitments or Tranche B Loans in each of their sole discretion. 

3

Alternate Currency Loan : a Tranche B Loan denominated in an Alternate Currency. 

Alternate Issuing Lender : as defined in Section 3.9(c). 

Anti-Corruption Laws : all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Applicable Margin : with respect to each Revolving Credit Loan at any date, the applicable percentage per annum set forth below based upon the Status on such date: 

Level I 
			 Status 

Level II 

			 Status 

Level III 

			 Status 

Level IV 

			 Status 

Level V 

			 Status 

Level VI 

			 Status 

Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans, and Short Term Loans 

0.700 

0.725 

0.775 

0.850 

1.050 

1.400 

ABR Loans, CBR Loans and Canadian Prime Rate Loans 

0.000 

0.000 

0.000 

0.000 

0.050 

0.400 

It is hereby understood and agreed that the Applicable Margin with respect to ABR Loans, Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans, CBR Loans, Short Term Loans and Canadian Prime Rate Loans shall be adjusted from time to time based upon the Sustainability Rate Adjustment (to be calculated and applied as set forth in Section 2.19 ); provided that in no event shall the Applicable Margin be less than zero. 

Applicable Percentage : as to any Lender at any time, the percentage which such Lender s Revolving Commitment, Tranche A Commitment or Tranche B Commitment, as applicable, then constitutes of the aggregate Revolving Commitments, Tranche A Commitments or Tranche B Commitments, as applicable, of all Lenders (or, at any time after the Revolving Commitments shall have expired or terminated, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Exposure, Tranche A Exposure or Tranche B Exposure, as applicable, then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Exposure, Tranche A Exposure or Tranche B Exposure, as applicable, of all Lenders (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Revolving Exposure, Tranche A Exposure or Tranche B Exposure) then outstanding (for purposes of this definition, treating the Issuing Lender as if it were a L/C Participant)); provided , that when used in Section 2.17, the term Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the total Revolving Commitments, Tranche A Commitments or Tranche B Commitments, as applicable, of all Lenders (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment, Tranche A Commitment or Tranche B Commitment). 

Application : an application, in such form as the Issuing Lender may specify from time to time, requesting the Issuing Lender to issue a Letter of Credit. 

Approved Fund : any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

4

Assignment and Assumption : as defined in Section 10.6. 

Available Commitment : as to any Lender, at any time of determination, an amount equal to such Lender s Revolving Commitment at such time minus such Lender s Revolving Exposure at such time. 

Available Tenor : as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (f) of Section 2.8. 

Bail-In Action : the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation : (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Event : with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

Baseline Conditions : as to any Wholly Owned Subsidiary, in connection with the incurrence by such Subsidiary of any obligations in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, that such Subsidiary (a) at the time of the delivery by such Wholly Owned Subsidiary of its Adherence Agreement or Subsidiary Guarantee, as applicable, pursuant to Section 10.10, can truthfully and correctly make each of the Baseline Representations and Warranties in all material respects and (b) if such Subsidiary is not organized under the laws of any state of the United States, (i) shall be organized under the laws of an Acceptable Jurisdiction and (ii) shall have submitted for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, including for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the non-exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, and appellate courts from any thereof. 

5

Baseline Representations and Warranties : as defined in the first paragraph of Article IV. 

Benchmark : initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (c) of Section 2.8. 

Benchmark Replacement : for any Available Tenor the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to the above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment : with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes : with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, in consultation with Borrower, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, in consultation with Borrower, determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with Borrower, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

6

Benchmark Replacement Date : with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event : with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

7

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period : with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.8 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.8. 

Benefit Plan : any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 

Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America (or any successor). 

Borrowers : as defined in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

Borrowing : (a) Tranche A Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, (b) Tranche B Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, and (c) a Competitive Loan or a group of Competitive Loans of the same Type made on the same date and as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 

Borrowing Date : any Business Day specified in a notice pursuant to Section 2.2(d) as a date on which any Borrower requests the Lenders to make Revolving Credit Loans hereunder. 

Business Day : a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City or Chicago are authorized or required by law to close; provided that, when used in connection with (a) a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which commercial banks are not open for dealings in deposits of Canadian Dollars in Toronto, (b) any Loan denominated in EURO and in relation to the computation or calculation of EURIBOR, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which the TARGET payment system is not open for the settlement of payment in EURO, (c) any Loan denominated in Sterling, the term Business Day shall exclude any day on which banks are not open for business in London, (d) any Loan denominated in Yen and in relation to the calculation or computation of TIBOR or the Japanese Prime Rate, the term Business Day shall exclude any day on which banks are not open for business in Japan, (e) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, the term Business Day shall exclude any such day that is not an RFR Business Day and (f) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the term Business Day shall exclude any such day that is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

8

Calculation Date : (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in any Alternate Currency, each of the following: (i) the date of the Borrowing of such Loan and (ii) each date of a conversion into or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternate Currency, each of the following: (i) the date on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar month and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof. 

Canadian Dollars and C : lawful currency of Canada. 

Canadian Prime Rate : on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information services that publishes such index from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (ii) the average rate for 30 day Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such page or screen, on any successor or substitute page or screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day, plus 1 per annum; provided , that if any the above rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or the CDOR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or CDOR Rate. 

Canadian Prime Rate Loan : Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Canadian Prime Rate. 

Capital Stock : any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation) and any and all warrants or options to purchase any of the foregoing. 

Cash Equivalents : (a) securities denominated in Dollars or any other currency of any Qualified Jurisdiction (any of the foregoing, Currency ), in any event issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States Government or any other Qualified Jurisdiction, as applicable, or any agency or instrumentality of any of them, having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition, (b) time deposits and certificates of deposit denominated in Currency having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition of any Lender or of any domestic commercial bank the senior long-term unsecured debt of which is rated at least A- or the equivalent thereof by S P or A3 or the equivalent thereof by Moody s and having capital and surplus in excess of 500,000,000 (or the equivalent in the applicable Currency), (c) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than seven days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (a) and (b) entered into with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause (b) above, (d) commercial paper denominated in Currency rated at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof by S P or P-1 or the equivalent thereof by Moody s and in either case maturing within 90 days after the date of acquisition and (e) investments in money market funds that have assets in excess of 2,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in the applicable Currency), are managed by recognized and responsible institutions and invest all of their assets in any one or more of (i) obligations of the types referred to in clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) above and (ii) commercial paper denominated in Currency having at least the rating described in clause (d) above and maturing within 270 days after the date of acquisition. 

9

CBR Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate or the Japanese Prime Rate. 

CBR Spread : the Applicable Margin applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. 

CDOR Rate : for any Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, (a) the CDOR Screen Rate multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 

CDOR Screen Rate : with respect to any Interest Period, the Canadian deposit offered rate which, in turn means on any day the annual rate of interest determined with reference to the arithmetic average of the discount rate quotations of all institutions listed in respect of the relevant Interest Period for Canadian Dollar-denominated bankers acceptances displayed and identified as such on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page as defined in the International Swap Dealer Association, Inc. definitions, as modified and amended from time to time (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen or service that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion), as of the Specified Time on the Quotation Day for such Interest Period and, if such day is not a business day, then on the immediately preceding business day (as adjusted by Administrative Agent after 10:00 a.m. Toronto local time to reflect any error in the posted rate of interest or in the posted average annual rate of interest). If the CDOR Screen Rate shall be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Central Bank Rate : (A) the greater of (i) for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, and (c) any other Alternate Currency determined after the Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (ii) 0.00 ; plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment. 

Central Bank Rate Adjustment : for any day, for any Loan denominated in (a) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (b) Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of SONIA for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest SONIA applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, and (c) any other Alternate Currency determined after the Effective Date, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency for a maturity of one month; provided that if such rate shall be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 . 

10

Change in Control : (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) of Capital Stock representing more than 35 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of Ultimate Parent; (b) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of Ultimate Parent by Persons who were neither (i) nominated or approved by the board of directors of Ultimate Parent nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated or approved or (c) the Ultimate Parent ceases to own and Control, beneficially and of record, at least 75 of the Capital Stock of Kimco (and its managing member or the equivalent). 

Change in Law : the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or with respect to any Lender, if later, the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender), of any of the following: (a) the adoption of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.11(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or the Issuing Lender s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any central bank or other Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided , however , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case referred to in clause (i) or (ii) be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, implemented or issued. 

Class : when used in reference to any Loan, refers to whether such Loan is a Revolving Credit Loan or Competitive Loan. 

CME Term SOFR Administrator : CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 

CO2e as defined in the definition of Sustainability Metric . 

Code : the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 

Commitment Period : the period from and including the date of this Agreement to but not including the Termination Date. 

Commodity Exchange Act : the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 

11

Commonly Controlled Entity : an entity, whether or not incorporated, which is under common control with Ultimate Parent within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA or is part of a group which includes Ultimate Parent and which is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 

Communications : as defined in Section 10.2(d)(iii). 

Competitive Bid : an offer by a Lender to make a Competitive Loan in accordance with Section 2.1. 

Competitive Bid Rate : with respect to any Competitive Bid, the Margin or Fixed Rate, as applicable, offered by the Lender making such Competitive Bid. 

Competitive Bid Request : a request by Kimco for Competitive Bids in accordance with 2.1. 

Competitive Loan Notes : as defined in Section 2.2(b). 

Competitive Loans : a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.1. 

Confidential Memorandum : the Confidential Information Memorandum, dated January 2023, with respect to Kimco and the Revolving Credit Facility herein. 

Consolidated Entities : as of any date of determination, any entities whose financial results are consolidated with those of Ultimate Parent in accordance with GAAP. For the avoidance of doubt, Consolidated Entities shall include the Ultimate Parent. 

Consolidated Net Income : for any period, net income (or loss) of Kimco and the Consolidated Entities for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Contractual Obligation : as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 

Control : the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Control Approach as described in the GHG Protocol Corporate Reporting and Accounting Standard. 

Corresponding Tenor : with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Credit Parties : as defined in Section 10.17 

Currency : as defined in the definition of the term Cash Equivalents . 

Daily Simple RFR : for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Sterling, SONIA for the day that is 5 RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, and (ii) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. 

12

Daily Simple SOFR : for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 

Default : any of the events specified in Article VIII, whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, or any other condition, has been satisfied. 

Defaulting Lender : any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or (iii) pay over to any Lender Party any other amount so required to be funded or paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular facts or circumstances giving rise to such failure to satisfy a condition precedent) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified Kimco or any Lender Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender of such certification in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender, (d) has become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or (e) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, become the subject of a Bail-In Action. 

Documentation Agents : as defined in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

Dollar Equivalent : on any date of determination, (a) with respect to any amount in dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount in an Alternate Currency, the equivalent in dollars of such amount, determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.4(b) using the Exchange Rate with respect to such Alternate Currency at the time in effect under the provisions of such Section. 

Dollars , dollars and : lawful currency of the United States of America. 

EEA Financial Institution : (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent; 

13

EEA Member Country : any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority : any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

EBITDA : for any Person, the consolidated net income of such Person and its Subsidiaries before any provision or benefit for income taxes, interest, depreciation, amortization, gains or losses on sales of operating real estate and marketable securities, noncash impairment charges, and gains or losses on extraordinary items in accordance with GAAP and gains or losses on early extinguishment of debt. 

Effective Date : the date on which the conditions set forth in Section 5.1 shall be satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.1). 

Electronic Signature : an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 

Electronic System : any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, Intralinks , ClearPar , Debt Domain, Syndtrak and any other Internet or extranet-based site chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender and any of their respective Related Persons or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. 

EMU Legislation : the legislative measures of the European Union for the introduction of, changeover to, or operation of the EURO in one or more member states, and for any member state resigning from or being removed from the European Union. 

Environmental Laws : any and all foreign, Federal, state, local or municipal laws, rules, orders, regulations, statutes, ordinances, codes, decrees, requirements of any Governmental Authority or other Requirements of Law (including common law) regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning protection of the environment or the manufacture, storage, remediation, disposal or clean-up of Hazardous Materials, as now or may at any time hereafter be in effect, in each case to the extent the foregoing are applicable to Kimco, any Entity or any of their respective assets or properties. 

Entity : as of any date of determination, any Consolidated Entity or Unconsolidated Entity. 

ERT : as defined in the definition of Sustainability Metric. 

ERISA : the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 

14

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule : the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

EURIBOR Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 

EURIBOR Screen Rate : the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters as published at approximately 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Borrower. If the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall be less than 0.00 , the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 

EURO and the sign : the single currency of the Participating Member States. 

Event of Default : any of the events specified in Article VIII, provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, or any other condition, has been satisfied. 

Exchange Rate : on any day, with respect to any Alternate Currency the rate of exchange for the purchase of dollars with the Alternate Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv, or any successor thereto Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of dollars with the Alternate Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any reasonable method of determination); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not make any such choices or determinations pursuant to this definition in any manner that is less favorable to the Borrowers than the determinations or choices that the Administrative Agent is generally making in respect of similar provisions in credit facilities to which JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. serves as administrative agent with borrowers similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrowers, but not necessarily all such credit facilities with respect to which JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. serves as administrative agent; provided, further, that nothing in this definition shall obligate the Administrative Agent to disclose any information regarding other borrowers or facilities. 

Excluded Borrowing : any Borrowing which is solely refinancing an existing Borrowing and is not increasing the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans hereunder (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a conversion of Loans from one Type to another Type or a continuation of a Term Benchmark Loan). 

15

Excluded Swap Obligation : with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) (a) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or (b) in the case of a Swap Obligation subject to a clearing requirement pursuant to Section 2(h) of the Commodity Exchange Act (or any successor provision thereto), because such Guarantor is a financial entity, as defined in Section 2(h)(7)(C)(i) of the Commodity Exchange Act (or any successor provision thereto), at the time the guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to such related Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 

Excluded Taxes : with respect to any payment made by any Loan Party under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient, (a) income or franchise Taxes (i) imposed on (or measured by) net income by the United States of America, or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar Tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the applicable Borrower is located, (c) withholding Taxes resulting from any law in effect on the date such Recipient becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) except to the extent that such Recipient (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from any Borrower with respect to such withholding Taxes pursuant to Section 2.12(a); provided that Excluded Taxes shall not include withholding Taxes required to be withheld and paid by a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower in connection with payments made under this Agreement, (d) any Tax that is imposed as a result of a Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.12(d), and (e) any Taxes imposed under FATCA, including as a result of such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.12(d)(iii). 

Existing Guaranteed Obligations : the Guaranteed Obligations as defined in the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement. 

Existing Issuing Lender : an Issuing Lender under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the amendment and restatement contemplated hereby. 

Existing L/C Obligations : the L/C Obligations as defined in the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement. 

Existing Loan Documents : the Loan Documents as defined in the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement. 

Existing Obligations : the Obligations as defined in the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement. 

Existing Revolving Credit Agreement : as defined in the recitals of this Agreement. 

Existing Revolving Lender : each lender under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the amendment and restatement contemplated hereby. 

16

Existing Revolving Loans : the loans made by the Existing Revolving Lenders that are outstanding under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the amendment and restatement contemplated hereby. 

Extension Conditions : (a) each of the representations and warranties made by Kimco in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language, true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects) on and as of the applicable extension date as if made on and as of such date except for representations and warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; (b)(i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the applicable extension date and (ii) Kimco would be in compliance with each financial covenant set forth in paragraphs (a) through (f) of Section 7.1 if the ratio or amount referred to therein were to be calculated as of the applicable extension date provided that for the purposes of determining such compliance, Gross Asset Value and, for the avoidance of doubt, the ratios set forth in Section 7.1(e) and (f), shall be determined for the most recent Test Period as to which a compliance certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 6.2(b)); and (c) on or prior to the applicable extension date, Kimco shall have paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders (i) in connection with the extension of the Revolving Credit Facility to the First Extended Maturity Date, a nonrefundable extension fee in an amount equal to 0.05 of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments in effect on the Original Maturity Date, whether used or unused, and (ii) in connection with the extension of the Revolving Credit Facility to the Second Extended Maturity Date, a nonrefundable extension fee in an amount equal to 0.075 of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments in effect on the First Extended Maturity Date, whether used or unused. For purposes hereof and of Section 10.9, the term applicable extension date shall mean, in connection with any extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 10.9, the first date upon which both of the following shall have occurred: (a) Kimco shall have delivered its Maturity Extension Notice with respect to such extension and (b) Kimco shall have made the applicable payment described in clause (c) of the previous sentence in respect of such extension. 

Facility Fee Rate : the applicable percentage per annum set forth below based upon the Status on the date of the relevant facility fee payment: 

Level I 
			 Status 

Level II 
			 Status 

Level III 
			 Status 

Level IV 
			 Status 

Level V 
			 Status 

Level VI 
			 Status 

0.100 

0.125 

0.150 

0.200 

0.250 

0.300 

It is hereby understood and agreed that the Facility Fee Rate shall be adjusted from time to time based upon the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment (to be calculated and applied as set forth in Section 2.19 ); provided that in no event shall the Facility Fee Rate be less than zero. 

FATCA : Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended and successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements implementing any of the foregoing, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any of the foregoing. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate : for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate, provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

17

Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website : the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

Fee Letter : collectively, (a) the fee letter dated January 12, 2023 among Kimco, JPMCB, Wells Fargo and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, (b) the fee letter dated January 11, 2023 between Kimco and Royal Bank of Canada and (c) the fee letter dated January 11, 2023 among Kimco, PNC Capital Markets LLC and PNC Bank, National Association, in each case regarding certain fees payable in connection with the Revolving Credit Facility. 

Final Date : as defined in Section 2.11(d). 

Financing Lease : any lease of property, real or personal, the obligations of the lessee in respect of which are required in accordance with GAAP (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to Section 1.3) to be capitalized on a balance sheet of such lessee. 

First Extended Maturity Date : as defined in Section 10.9. 

First Extension Option : as defined in Section 10.9. 

Fixed Rate : with respect to any Competitive Loan (other than a Competitive Loan which is a Term Benchmark Loan), the fixed rate of interest per annum specified by the Lender making such Competitive Loan in its related Competitive Bid. 

Fixed Rate Loan : a Competitive Loan bearing interest at a Fixed Rate. 

Floor : the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, the Japanese Prime Rate, CDOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, the Japanese Prime Rate, CDOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or the Central Bank Rate shall be 0 . 

Foreign Subsidiary Borrower : as defined in Section 10.10(a). 

GAAP : generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

GHG Emissions : as defined in the definition of Sustainability Metric. 

GHG Protocol Corporate Reporting and Accounting Standard : a corporate accounting and reporting standard for greenhouse gas emissions published by World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute, as amended from time to time. 

Governmental Authority : any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. 

18

Gross Asset Value : as of any relevant date, an amount equal to (I) the sum, without duplication, of (a) Total Adjusted EBITDA, calculated with respect to the most recent Test Period ended on or before such date annualized and capitalized at (i) 6.0 for the multifamily component and (ii) 6.25 for all other components, plus (b) Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of Kimco and the Consolidated Entities as of such date, plus (c) the sum of the following items of Kimco and the Consolidated Entities: (i) land and development projects as of such date valued at the lower of cost or book value, and (ii) mezzanine and mortgage loan receivables valued at the lower of cost or market at such date and marketable securities at the value reflected in the consolidated financial statements of Ultimate Parent as of such date, plus (d) Ultimate Parent s investments in and advances to the Unconsolidated Entities valued at the lower of cost or market as reflected in the consolidated financial statements of Ultimate Parent as of such date, plus (e) 100 of the bona fide purchase price of Properties acquired within 24 months prior to such date, minus (II) as applicable, (a) the amount, if any, excluded from the amount of Total Indebtedness for purposes of calculating the ratio of Total Indebtedness to Gross Asset Value as set forth in the proviso of Section 7.1(a), or (b) the amount, if any, excluded from the amount of Total Priority Indebtedness for purposes of calculating the ratio of Total Priority Indebtedness to Gross Asset Value as set forth in the proviso of Section 7.1(b); provided that (1) the items described in clause (I)(d) shall not be taken into account to the extent that the amount thereof exceeds 30 of Gross Asset Value, (2) the items described in clauses (I)(c) and (I)(d) (other than mortgage loan receivables valued at the lower of cost or market at such date and marketable securities at the value reflected in the consolidated financial statements of Ultimate Parent as of such date) shall not be taken into account to the extent that the amounts thereof exceed, in the aggregate, 40 of Gross Asset Value, and (3) not more than 30 in the aggregate of items comprising Gross Asset Value shall be attributable to assets located outside of the United States and Puerto Rico or to assets owned by Entities not organized in and not having principal offices in the United States or Puerto Rico. 

Guarantee Obligation : as to any Person (the guaranteeing person ), any obligation (determined without duplication) of (a) the guaranteeing person or (b) another Person (including any bank under any letter of credit) to induce the creation of which the guaranteeing person has issued a reimbursement, counter-indemnity or similar obligation, in either case guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations (the primary obligations of any other third Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of the guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (1) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (2) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of the primary obligation relating to such Guarantee Obligation (or, if less, the maximum stated liability set forth in the instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation); provided that in all events (and regardless of the existence of a stated liability amount), the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing person s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by Kimco in good faith. 

Guarantor : at any particular time, (a) Ultimate Parent (b) Kimco and/or (c) each Subsidiary that is a party to a Subsidiary Guarantee at such time. 

19

Hazardous Materials : all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 

IBA : as defined in Section 1.5. 

Incremental Commitments : as defined in Section 10.8. 

Indebtedness : of any Person at any date, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current trade liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with customary practices), to the extent such obligations constitute indebtedness for the purposes of GAAP, (c) any other indebtedness of such Person which is evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument, (d) all obligations of such Person under Financing Leases, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person, (f) all Guarantee Obligations of such Person, (g) all reimbursement obligations for letters of credit, (h) all liabilities secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person even though such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable for the payment thereof equal to an amount that would be the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by Kimco in good faith (or, if lesser, the fair market value of the assets subject to such Lien, as determined by Kimco in good faith), and (i) the net obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Person at such date under interest rate hedging agreements. 

Indemnified Taxes : Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by any Loan Party under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Ineligible Institution : (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any Loan Party, or (d) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof; provided that, such company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Revolving Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 

Initial KPI Metrics Report : the Sustainability Report including the Sustainability Assurance Provider s verification statement of the method of calculation of the KPI as of December 31, 2021, dated July 2022. 

Insolvency : with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. 

Insolvent : pertaining to a condition of Insolvency. 

Intellectual Property : as defined in Section 4.9. 

20

Interest Payment Date : (a) as to any ABR Loan, the last day of each calendar month to occur while such ABR Loan is outstanding and the Termination Date, (b) as to any Canadian Prime Rate Loan, the last day of each calendar month to occur while such Canadian Prime Rate Loan is outstanding and the Termination Date, (c) as to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of the Interest Period with respect thereto and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Loan with an Interest Period of more than three (3) months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three (3) months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Termination Date, (d) as to any RFR Loan denominated in Sterling, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and the Termination Date, (e) as to any RFR Loan denominated in Dollars, the fifth (5 th Business Day of each calendar month and the Termination Date, (f) as to any Short Term Loan, the Short Term Loan Maturity Date applicable thereto, and (g) as to any Fixed Rate Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Fixed Rate Loan is a part and, in the case of a Fixed Rate Loan with an Interest Period of more than 90 days duration (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Competitive Bid Request), each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of 90 days duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and any other days that are specified in the applicable Competitive Bid Request as Interest Payment Dates with respect to such Fixed Rate Loan. 

Interest Period : 

(a) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan: 

(i) initially, the period commencing on the borrowing or conversion date, as the case may be, with respect to such Term Benchmark Loan and ending one (1) week (only in the case of a Competitive Loan) or two (2) weeks (only in the case of a Competitive Loan) or one (1), three (3) or (except for Loans subject to the CDOR Screen Rate) six (6) months thereafter, as selected by the applicable Borrower in its notice of borrowing or notice of conversion, as the case may be, given with respect thereto (in each case, subject to the availability of the Benchmark applicable to such Loan for any Agreed Currency); and 

(ii) thereafter, each period commencing on the last day of the next preceding Interest Period applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan and ending one (1) week (only in the case of a Competitive Loan) or two (2) weeks (only in the case of a Competitive Loan) or one (1), three (3) or (except for Loans subject to the CDOR Screen Rate) six (6) months thereafter, as selected by the applicable Borrower by irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent not less than three Business Days prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto (in each case, subject to the availability of the Benchmark applicable to such Loan for any Agreed Currency); and 

(b) with respect to any Fixed Rate Loan: each period, which shall not be less than 7 days or more than 180 days, commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the date specified in the applicable Competitive Bid Request; 

provided that all of the foregoing provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following: 

(1) if any Interest Period pertaining to a Term Benchmark Loan would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month in which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day; 

(2) any Interest Period (other than for a Competitive Loan having an Interest Period of one (1) or two (2) weeks duration) pertaining to a Term Benchmark Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of such last calendar month; 

21

(3) in no event shall any Interest Period end on a day subsequent to the Termination Date; and 

(4) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.8 shall be available for such Term Benchmark Loan. 

Investment Entity : as to any Person, a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity in which Ultimate Parent has a direct or indirect interest, but which is not a Subsidiary. 

IRS : the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

ISP : the International Standby Practices (1998), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590, and, if acceptable to the Issuing Lender in its sole discretion, as the same may be amended or revised from time to time. 

Issuing Lender : any Lead Lender, in its capacity as issuer of any Letter of Credit, and any Alternate Issuing Lender appointed pursuant to Section 3.9(c); individually and collectively referred to herein as Issuing Lender , and shall be interpreted throughout this Agreement as either one particular Issuing Lender or two or more Issuing Lenders, as the context may require. The Issuing Lender may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the Issuing Lender (provided that such designation (a) does not result in any increased cost or liability to any Borrower in any underlying transaction supported by such Letter of Credit as opposed to the cost or liability to such Borrower of a Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Lender or (b) is approved in writing by the applicable Borrower or Kimco), in which case the term Issuing Lender shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 

Issuing Lender Affiliate : as defined in Section 10.6. 

Issuing Lender Commitment : with respect to each Issuing Lender, the commitment of such Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, as adjusted in accordance with this Agreement (including Section 3.11). As of the date hereof, each Issuing Lender Commitment of each Lead Lender in its capacity as Issuing Lender is 25,000,000. The Issuing Lender Commitment of any Alternate Issuing Lender shall be set forth in a written notice from such Alternate Issuing Lender to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date that such Person becomes an Alternate Issuing Lender. 

Japanese Prime Rate : for any Loan denominated in Yen the greater of (a) (i) the Japanese local bank prime rate plus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment and (b) the Floor. 

Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment : for any day, for any Loan denominated in Yen, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted TIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the TIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted TIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate in effect on the last Business Day in such period. For purposes of this definition, the TIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the TIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in Yen for a maturity of one month. 

22

Joint Lead Arrangers : collectively, JPMCB, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC, RBC Capital Markets, The Bank of Nova Scotia, BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Regions Capital Markets, U.S. Bank National Association, Barclays Bank PLC, TD Bank, N.A., Truist Securities, Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., and BMO Capital Markets Corp. 

JPMCB : JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

KPI : the cumulative reduction, measured as a percentage, in the Sustainability Metric from the Sustainability Baseline specified in the Sustainability Table for the applicable calendar year. 

KPI Applicable Margin Adjustment Amount : 

(a) for the 2022 calendar year, (i) 0.00 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the 2022 KPI Target B for such period, (ii) negative 0.01 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the 2022 KPI Target B for such period but less than the 2022 KPI Target A for such period, and (iii) negative 0.02 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the 2022 KPI Target A for such period. 

(b) with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, commencing with the 2023 calendar year, (i) positive 0.04 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the KPI Threshold A for such period, (ii) positive 0.02 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the KPI Threshold A but less than the KPI Threshold B for such period, (iii) 0.00 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the KPI Threshold B but less than the KPI Target B for such period, (iv) negative 0.02 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the KPI Target B for such period but less than the KPI Target A for such period, and (v) negative 0.04 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the KPI Target A for such period. 

KPI Facility Fee Adjustment Amount : with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, commencing with the 2023 calendar year, (a) positive 0.01 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the KPI Threshold A for such period, (b) positive 0.005 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the KPI Threshold A but less than the KPI Threshold B for such period, (c) 0.00 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the KPI Threshold B but less than the KPI Target B for such period, (d) negative 0.005 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the KPI Target B for such period but less than the KPI Target A for such period, and (e) negative 0.01 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to KPI Target A for such period. For the avoidance of doubt, the KPI Facility Fee Adjustment Amount for the 2022 calendar year shall be 0.00 . 

KPI L/C Fee Adjustment Amount : with respect to any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, commencing with the 2023 calendar year, (i) positive 0.04 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is less than the KPI Threshold A for such period, (ii) positive 0.02 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the KPI Threshold A but less than the KPI Threshold B for such period, (iii) 0.00 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the KPI Threshold B but less than the KPI Target B for such period, (iv) negative 0.02 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the KPI Target B for such period but less than the KPI Target A for such period, and (v) negative 0.04 , if the KPI for such period as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report is greater than or equal to the KPI Target A for such period. For the avoidance of doubt, the KPI L/C Fee Adjustment Amount for the 2022 calendar year shall be negative 0.02 . 

23

KPI Metrics Report : an annual report (it being understood that this annual report may take the form of the annual Sustainability Report) audited by the Sustainability Assurance Provider that sets forth the calculations for the KPI for a specific calendar year. 

KPI Target A : with respect to any calendar year, the KPI Target A for such calendar year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 

KPI Target B : with respect to any calendar year, the KPI Target B for such calendar year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 

KPI Threshold A : with respect to any calendar year, the KPI Threshold A for such calendar year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 

KPI Threshold B : with respect to any calendar year, the KPI Threshold B for such calendar year as set forth in the Sustainability Table. 

Kimco : as defined in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

L/C Commitment : 100,000,000, as such amount may be increased in accordance with Section 3.11. 

L/C Exposure : as to any Lender at any time, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the L/C Obligations outstanding at such time. 

L/C Fee Payment D ate : with respect to each Letter of Credit, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December to occur while such Letter of Credit is outstanding. 

L/C Fee Rate : with respect to each Letter of Credit at any date, the applicable percentage per annum set forth below based upon the Status on such date: 

Level I 
			 Status 

Level II 
			 Status 

Level III 
			 Status 

Level IV 
			 Status 

Level V 
			 Status 

Level VI 
			 Status 

0.700 

0.725 

0.775 

0.850 

1.050 

1.400 

It is hereby understood and agreed that the L/C Fee Rate shall be adjusted from time to time based upon the Sustainability Rate Adjustment (to be calculated and applied as set forth in Section 2.19); provided that in no event shall the L/C Fee Rate be less than zero. L/C Obligations : at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Tranche A L/C Obligations and (b) the Tranche B L/C Obligations at such time. 

L/C Participants : the collective reference to all the Lenders other than the Issuing Lender. 

Lead Lenders : collectively, JPMCB, Wells Fargo, PNC Bank, National Association and Royal Bank of Canada. 

24

Lender Parent : with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 

Lender Party : each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders. 

Lenders : as defined in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

Letters of Credit : the Tranche A Letters of Credit and the Tranche B Letters of Credit. 

Level I Status : as defined in the definition of Status in this Section 1.1. 

Level II Status : as defined in the definition of Status in this Section 1.1. 

Level III Status : as defined in the definition of Status in this Section 1.1. 

Level IV Status : as defined in the definition of Status in this Section 1.1. 

Level V Status : as defined in the definition of Status in this Section 1.1. 

Level VI Status : as defined in the definition of Status in this Section 1.1. 

Leverage Ratio : as defined in Section 7.1(a). 

Lien : any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment (including any collateral assignment but excluding any assignment of an asset made in lieu of a sale thereof where the assignor is paid the fair market value of such asset by the assignee and the assignee assumes all of the rights and obligations attributable to ownership of such asset), deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge or other security interest or any preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any Financing Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 

Loan : each loan made by the Lenders to any Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, including any Competitive Loans, any Tranche A Loans, any Tranche B Loans and any New Term Loans (whether such Loans are Fixed Rate Loans, Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans, ABR Loans, or Short Term Loans). 

Loan Documents : this Agreement, the Notes, the Applications, each Subsidiary Guarantee (if any), the guaranty made by Ultimate Parent, and the Fee Letter, and any instrument or agreement waiving, amending, or supplementing any Loan Document. 

Loan Parties : as of any applicable date of determination, (a) Ultimate Parent (b) Kimco, (c) each other applicable Borrower and (d) each applicable Guarantor other than Kimco and the Ultimate Parent. 

Major Acquisitions : with respect to any applicable period, one or more acquisitions by Ultimate Parent, Kimco or any of their respective Subsidiaries during such period of the Capital Stock and/or assets of another Person that (a) are otherwise permitted by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (b) involve the payment by Ultimate Parent, Kimco or any of their respective Subsidiaries of consideration (whether in the form of cash or non-cash consideration) in excess of 500,000,000 in the aggregate for all such acquisitions during such period. 

25

Managing Agents : as defined in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

Margin : with respect to any Competitive Loan bearing interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the marginal rate of interest, if any, to be added to or subtracted from the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate to determine the rate of interest applicable to such Loan, as specified by the Lender making such Loan in its related Competitive Bid. 

Material Adverse Effect : a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, property or financial condition of Ultimate Parent, Kimco and their respective Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of Ultimate Parent or Kimco to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or thereunder. 

Materials of Environmental Concern : any gasoline or petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof) or petroleum products or any hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes, defined or regulated as such in or under any Environmental Law, including asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and urea-formaldehyde insulation. 

Maturity Date : (i) March 17, 2027 or (ii) if the term of the Revolving Credit Facility is extended pursuant to Section 10.9, the First Extended Maturity Date or the Second Extended Maturity Date, as applicable; provided that references hereunder to the Maturity Date shall be to the Maturity Date specified in clause (i) unless and until extended in accordance with Section 10.9. 

Maturity Extension Notice : as defined in Section 10.9. 

Moody s : Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 

Multiemployer Plan : a Plan which is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 

New Revolving Commitments : as defined in Section 10.8. 

New Revolving Lender : as defined in Section 10.8. 

New Revolving Loans : as defined in Section 10.8. 

New Term Commitments : as defined in Section 10.8. 

New Term Lender : as defined in Section 10.8. 

New Term Loans : as defined in Section 10.8. 

Non-Recourse Indebtedness : Indebtedness the documentation with respect to which expressly provides that (a) the lender(s) thereunder (and any agent for such lender(s)) may not seek a money judgment against the Person issuing such Indebtedness or (b) recourse for payment in respect of such Indebtedness is limited to those assets or Capital Stock of the Person issuing such Indebtedness which secure such Indebtedness (except in the case of customary indemnities or customary potential recourse carve-outs contained in such documentation, provided that if a claim is made in connection with such indemnities or potential recourse carve-outs, such claim shall not constitute Non-Recourse Indebtedness for the purposes of this Agreement); provided further that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any Indebtedness which would otherwise constitute Recourse Indebtedness (or which would not constitute Non-Recourse Indebtedness hereunder), shall be included as Non-Recourse Indebtedness for all purposes hereunder if and to the extent such Indebtedness is not recourse (either contractually or by operation of law) to Kimco (except in the case of customary indemnities or customary potential recourse carve-outs contained in the applicable documentation, provided that if a claim is made in connection with such indemnities or potential recourse carve-outs, such claim shall not constitute Non-Recourse Indebtedness for the purposes of this Agreement). 

26

Notes : the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Notes and any Competitive Loan Notes. 

NYFRB : The Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

NYFRB Rate : for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received to the Administrative Agent from a Federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further , that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Obligated Property Owner : as defined in the definition of the term Unencumbered Properties . 

Obligations : with respect to any Borrower, all obligations, liabilities and Indebtedness of every nature of such Borrower from time to time owing to any Lender, the Issuing Lender, or the Administrative Agent, under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in each case whether primary, secondary, direct, indirect, contingent, fixed or otherwise, including interest accruing at the rate provided in the applicable Loan Document on or after the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, whether or not allowed or allowable; provided , however , that, for purposes of determining any obligations of any Guarantor, Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations. 

Original Maturity Date : as defined in Section 10.9. 

Other Connection Taxes : with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 

Other Taxes : any present or future stamp, court, documentary, intangible, recording, filing, or similar excise or property Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or from the registration, receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, except any such Taxes that are Excluded Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment under Section 2.15). 

Overnight Bank Funding Rate : for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate (from and after such date as the NYFRB shall commence to publish such composite rate). 

27

Overnight Rate : for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the NYFRB Rate and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternate Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

Ownership Percentage : (a) in respect of Kimco or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, 100 , and (b) in respect of (i) any other Consolidated Entity (other than Kimco or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary) or (ii) an Unconsolidated Entity, the greater of Ultimate Parent s and Kimco s direct and indirect percentage interest in such entity determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Participant : as defined in Section 10.6. 

Participant Register : as defined in Section 10.6(c). 

Participating Member State : any member state of the European Union that has the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 

Patriot Act : as defined in Section 10.21. 

Payment : has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.5(a). 

Payment Notice : has the meaning assigned to it Section 9.5(b). 

PBGC : the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA. 

Permitted Encumbrances : (a) Liens imposed by law for taxes (i) that are not yet due and delinquent, or (ii) where (A) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (B) the Person responsible for such taxes is Ultimate Parent, Kimco or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary and such Person has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, and (C) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 30 days, except where (i) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) the Person responsible for the charges so secured is Ultimate Parent, Kimco or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary and such Person has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (iii) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations, (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and (e) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of Ultimate Parent, Kimco or of any Wholly Owned Subsidiary that has any direct or indirect interest in any Unencumbered Property; provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 

28

Person : an individual, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. 

Plan : at a particular time, any employee benefit plan which is covered by ERISA and in respect of which Kimco or a Commonly Controlled Entity is (or, if such plan were terminated at such time, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Plan Asset Regulations : 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq. , as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 

Pricing Certificate : a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I executed by a Responsible Officer of Kimco and attaching (a) true and correct copies of the KPI Metrics Report for the most recently ended calendar year and setting forth the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, the Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment and the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment, in each case for the period covered thereby and computations in reasonable detail in respect thereof and (b) a review report of the Sustainability Assurance Provider confirming that the Sustainability Assurance Provider is not aware of any modifications that should be made to such computations in order for them to be presented in all material respects in conformity with the GHG Protocol Corporate Reporting and Accounting Standard. 

Prime Rate : the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 

Property : real property owned by the Ultimate Parent or any of the Entities, or in which the Ultimate Parent or any of the Entities has a leasehold interest. 

Property Gross Revenues : with respect to any Property, for any period, all gross income, revenues and consideration, of whatever form or nature, received by or paid to or for the account or benefit of the Person owning such Property, in each instance during such period, in connection with the ownership, operation, leasing and occupancy of such Property, including the following: (a) amounts earned under leases, including base rent, escalation, overage, additional, participation, percentage and similar rentals, late charges and interest payments and amounts received on account of maintenance or service charges, real estate taxes, assessments, utilities, air conditioning and heating, insurance premiums and other administrative, management, operating, leasing and maintenance expenses for such property, but excluding until earned security deposits, prepaid rents and other refundable receipts, (b) rents and receipts from licenses, concessions, vending machines and similar items, (c) parking fees and rentals, (d) other fees, charges or payments not denominated as rental of office, retail, storage, parking or other space in such Property, and (e) payments received as consideration, in whole or in part, for the cancellation, modification, extension or renewal of leases; but in any event excluding the proceeds of any financing or asset sales in respect of all or any portion of such Property. 

29

Property NOI : with respect to any Property, for any period, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) Property Gross Revenues in respect of such Property for such period over (b) Property Operating Expenses in respect of such Property for such period. 

Property Operating Expenses : with respect to any Property, for any period, the sum of all expenses incurred during such period with respect to the ownership, operation, leasing and occupancy of such Property, including the following: (a) real estate taxes; (b) special assessments or similar charges paid during such period; (c) personal property taxes; (d) costs of utilities, air conditioning and heating; (e) maintenance and repair costs of a non-capital nature; (f) operating expenses and fees; (g) wages and salaries of on-site employees engaged in the operation and management of such Property, including employer s social security taxes and other taxes, insurance benefits and the like, levied on or with respect to such wages or salaries; (h) premiums payable for insurance carried on or with respect to such Property; (i) advertising and promotion costs; (j) rental expense; and (k) in the case of any Property owned or operated by an Investment Entity, any obligation of Ultimate Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (contingent or otherwise) to contribute funds to such Investment Entity. The following shall be excluded from Property Operating Expenses: (1) foreign, U.S., state and local income taxes, franchise taxes or other taxes based on income, (2) depreciation, amortization and any other non-cash deduction for income tax purposes, (3) interest expenses of the Person owning such Property, (4) property management fees payable to Ultimate Parent or its Affiliates, and (5) any expenditures made for capital improvements and the cost of leasing commissions. 

Protesting Lender : as defined in Section 10.10(a). 

PTE : a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 

Qualified Jurisdiction : at any time of determination, any jurisdiction in which Ultimate Parent, Kimco or any of its Subsidiaries is doing business at such time the government of which jurisdiction is internationally recognized at such time, including by the United States Government. 

Quotation Day : with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan for any Interest Period, (a) if the currency is Canadian Dollars, the first day of such Interest Period and (b) if the currency is Dollars, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (unless, in each case, market practice differs in the relevant market where the Term Benchmark Rate for such currency is to be determined, in which case the Quotation Day will be determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with market practice in such market (and if quotations would normally be given on more than one day, then the Quotation Day will be the last of those days)). 

Recipient : as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) the Issuing Lender. 

Recourse Indebtedness : any Indebtedness of any Person, (A) to the extent that Kimco is liable for direct claims for payment of such debt, or (B) to the extent that the payment of such debt is guaranteed by Kimco or that Kimco otherwise stands as a surety or accommodation party for such debt provided that the amount of any such obligation shall be deemed, for the purpose of this definition, to be Kimco s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by Kimco in good faith), or (C) as to which a Lien securing such debt has been placed against any assets of Kimco (excluding from this clause (C) Non-Recourse Indebtedness of Kimco). (Any such Indebtedness shall not be treated as Recourse Indebtedness solely because of customary potential recourse carveouts contained in documentation, provided that if a claim is made in connection with such potential recourse carve-outs, such claim shall constitute Recourse Indebtedness for the purposes of this Agreement). 

30

Reference Time : with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is EURIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (4) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then the next RFR Business Day after such setting, (5) if such Benchmark is the TIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Japan time two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, or (6) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate, SONIA, Daily Simple SOFR, or the TIBOR Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Register : as defined in Section 10.6. 

Regulation U : Regulation U of the Board as in effect from time to time. 

Reimbursement Obligation : the obligation of any Borrower to reimburse the Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.5(a) for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit. 

Related Parties : as defined in Section 9.1. 

Relevant Governmental Body : (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, as applicable, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Yen, the Bank of Japan, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan, or, in each case, any successor thereto, and (v) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 

Relevant Rate : (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Rate, (iv) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate or (v) with respect to any Borrowing denominated in Sterling or Dollars, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, as applicable. 

Relevant Screen Rate : (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Screen Rate or (iv) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, the TIBOR Screen Rate, as applicable. 

31

Reorganization : with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such plan is in reorganization within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA. 

Reportable Event : any of the events set forth in Section 4043(b) of ERISA, other than those events as to which the thirty day notice period is waived under Sections .13, .14, .16, .18, .19 or .20 of PBGC Reg. 2615. 

Representation and Warranty Date : (a) the date of the making of any Loan (excluding the date of any Excluded Borrowing), (b) the date of issuance, renewal, extension or amendment of any Letter of Credit (including any Letter of Credit issued, renewed, extended or amended on the Effective Date), and (c) in connection with any extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 10.9 hereof, each applicable extension date (as defined in the definition of Extension Conditions) . 

Required Lenders : at any time, the holders of at least 51 of the aggregate Revolving Commitments and outstanding New Term Loans (if any), or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the sum of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Competitive Loans, New Term Loans (if any) and the Revolving Exposure at such time. 

Requirement of Law : as to any Person, the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 

Resolution Authority : an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer : with respect to any Person, the chief executive officer and the president of such Person or, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer or the treasurer of such Person. 

Reuters : as applicable, Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv, or any successor thereto. 

Revolving Commitment : as to any Lender, the sum of such Lender s Tranche A Commitment and Tranche B Commitment, as such amount may be changed from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Commitments is 2,000,000,000. 

Revolving Credit Facility : the revolving credit facility established pursuant to this Agreement. 

Revolving Credit Loans : as defined in Section 2.2(a)(i). 

Revolving Credit Note : as defined in Section 2.2(b). 

Revolving Exposure : as to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to the sum of such Lender s Tranche A Exposure and Tranche B Exposure at such time. 

32

RFR : for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, SONIA and (b) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. 

RFR Administrator : the SONIA Administrator or the SOFR Administrator, as applicable. 

RFR Borrowing : as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 

RFR Business Day : for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London and (b) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

RFR Interest Day : has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 

RFR Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 

S P : S P Global Ratings and any successor thereto. 

Sanctioned Country : a country, region or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 

Sanctioned Person : at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state or His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any Person described in (a) or (b). 

Sanctions : economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom. 

Second Extended Maturity Date : as defined in Section 10.9. 

Second Extension Option : as defined in Section 10.9. 

Series : as defined in Section 10.8. 

Sharing Event : (a) the occurrence of an Event of Default described in paragraph (f) of Article VIII; (b) the acceleration of any Loans and L/C Obligations pursuant to Article VIII; or (c) the occurrence of an Event of Default described in paragraph (a) of Article VIII that continues after the Maturity Date. 

Short Term Loan Maturity Date : with respect to any Short Term Loan, the maturity date requested by the applicable Borrower in connection therewith (which date shall in no event be later than the earlier of (a) 29 days after the Borrowing Date thereof and (b) the Termination Date). 

33

Short Term Loans : Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Short Term Rate. 

Short Term Rate : with respect to any proposed Short Term Loan, an interest rate equal to (a) the quoted rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent with respect thereto by interpolating between SOFR and the one month Term SOFR Rate for the term of such Short Term Loan, no later than 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on the requested Borrowing Date, plus (b) 0.10 per annum. 

Short Term Tranche : the collective reference to Short Term Loans having the same Borrowing Date and Short Term Loan Maturity Date. 

Single Employer Plan : any Plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA, but which is not a Multiemployer Plan. 

SOFR : a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator : the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Administrator s Website : the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR Determination Date : specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 

SOFR Rate Day : specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 

SONIA : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 

SONIA Administrator : the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 

SONIA Administrator s Website : the Bank of England s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 

Solvent : as to any Person, that, as of any date of determination, (a) the amount of the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, exceed the amount of all liabilities of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as of such date, as determined in accordance with applicable U.S. federal and state laws (or analogous applicable foreign laws) governing determinations of the insolvency of debtors, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the liability of such Person on its existing or anticipated debts as such debts become absolute and matured, and (c) such Person will not have as of such date, an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct its business. 

Specified Time : (a) in relation to a Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, 10:00 a.m. Toronto, Ontario time; and (b) in relation to a Loan denominated in Dollars, 11:00 a.m., London time. 

34

Status : as to Ultimate Parent, the existence of Level I Status, Level II Status, Level III Status, Level IV Status, Level V Status or Level VI Status, as the case may be. 

As used in this definition: 

Level I Status exists at any date if, at such date, Kimco has a long-term senior unsecured debt rating of A or better by S P and A2 or better by Moody s. 

Level II Status exists at any date if, at such date, Level I Status does not exist and Kimco has a long-term senior unsecured debt rating of A- or better by S P and A3 or better by Moody 

Level III Status exists at any date if, at such date, neither Level I Status nor Level II Status exists and Kimco has a long-term senior unsecured debt rating of BBB+ or better by S P and Baa1 or better by Moody 

Level IV Status exists at any date if, at such date, none of Level I Status, Level II Status or Level III Status exists and Kimco has a long-term senior unsecured debt rating of BBB or better by S P and Baa2 or better by Moody 

Level V Status exists at any date if, at such date, none of Level I Status, Level II Status, Level III Status or Level IV Status exists and Kimco has a long-term senior unsecured debt rating of BBB- or better by S P and Baa3 or better by Moody and 

Level VI Status exists at any date if, at such date, none of Level I Status, Level II Status, Level III Status, Level IV Status or Level V Status exists; 

provided that (i) in the event of a split rating, the Applicable Margin, Facility Fee Rate, and L/C Fee Rate shall be based upon the higher of the two ratings, (ii) if Kimco, at its option, (A) obtains a debt rating from a third nationally-recognized rating agency (it being understood that Fitch, Inc. is a nationally recognized rating agency), and (B) delivers a written notice to the Administrative Agent that it would like to include such debt rating for purposes of determining Status, then the Applicable Margin, Facility Fee Rate, and L/C Fee Rate shall be based on (x) the highest rating, if the difference between the highest and second-highest ratings is one ratings category or (y) the average of the two highest ratings, if the difference between the highest and second-highest ratings is two or more ratings categories, and (iii) if S P and/or Moody s shall cease to issue ratings of debt securities of real estate investment trusts generally, then the Administrative Agent and Kimco shall negotiate in good faith to agree upon a substitute rating agency or agencies (and to correlate the system of ratings of such substitute rating agency with that of the rating agency for which it is substituting) and (a) until such substitute rating agency or agencies are agreed upon, Status shall be determined on the basis of the rating assigned by the other rating agency (or, if both S P and Moody s shall have so ceased to issue such ratings, on the basis of the Status in effect immediately prior thereto) and (b) after such substitute rating agency or agencies are agreed upon, Status shall be determined on the basis of the rating assigned by the other rating agency and such substitute rating agency or the two substitute rating agencies, as the case may be. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if and for so long as (i) the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ending fiscal quarter of Kimco as set forth in the corresponding compliance certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.2 is equal to or less than 0.32 to 1.0 or, for only one fiscal quarter ending on or following March 31, 2023, greater than 0.32 to 1.0 but less than or equal to 0.35 to 1.0 and (ii) Kimco has a long-term senior unsecured debt rating of BBB+ or better by S P and Baa1 or better by Moody s, then Level II Status shall apply. 

35

Each change in the Applicable Margin, Facility Fee Rate and L/C Fee Rate shall be effective commencing on the next Business Day following the earlier to occur of (A) the Administrative Agent s receipt of notice from Kimco of an applicable change in Kimco s long-term senior unsecured debt rating and (B) the Administrative Agent s actual knowledge of an applicable change in Kimco s long-term senior unsecured debt rating (or, if the Leverage Ratio is applicable pursuant to the sentence above, one Business Day after the delivery by Kimco of the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.2(b) of the compliance certificate for the relevant quarterly period). If Kimco fails to timely deliver a compliance certificate pursuant to Section 6.2(b), the Applicable Margin, Facility Fee Rate and L/C Fee Rate shall be determined without reference to the sentence above until the first Business Day of the calendar month immediately following the month that the required compliance certificate is delivered. 

Statutory Reserve Rate : a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Federal Reserve Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the CDOR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D). Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, Euros or Yen. Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 

Sterling or : the lawful money of the United Kingdom. 

Subsidiary : as to any Person, a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a direct or indirect Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of Kimco. 

Subsidiary Borrower Representation and Warranty Date : the date of the making of any Loan (other than the date of an Excluded Borrowing) to, or the issuance, renewal, extension or amendment of any Letter of Credit for the account of, any Subsidiary Borrower. 

Subsidiary Borrowers : as defined in Section 10.10. 

Subsidiary Guarantee : each guarantee, substantially in the form of Exhibit C , executed and delivered by a Subsidiary Guarantor, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

Subsidiary Guarantor : as defined in Section 10.10. 

36

Sustainability Assurance Provider : a qualified external reviewer, independent of Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries, with relevant expertise, such as an auditor, environmental consultant and/or independent ratings agency of recognized national standing that shall apply auditing standards and methodology consistent with the GHG Protocol Corporate Reporting and Accounting Standard. As of the date hereof, the term Sustainability Assurance Provider means Cventure LLC; provided that a replacement Sustainability Assurance Provider may be designated from time to time by Ultimate Parent or Kimco if any such replacement Sustainability Assurance Provider (a) shall be (i) a qualified external reviewer, independent of Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries, with relevant expertise, such as an auditor, environmental consultant and/or independent ratings agency of recognized national standing or (ii) another firm designated by Ultimate Parent or Kimco and approved by the Required Lenders, and (b) shall apply substantially the same auditing standards and methodology used in the Initial KPI Metrics Report, except for any changes to such standards and/or methodology that (i) are consistent with then generally accepted industry standards or (ii) if not so consistent, are proposed by Ultimate Parent or Kimco and approved by the Required Lenders. 

Sustainability Baseline : as of any determination date shall mean the Sustainability Metric for the Sustainability Metric Base Year, as such amount shall be adjusted to reflect dispositions or acquisitions of properties or assets by Kimco, any of its Consolidated Entities or any of its Unconsolidated Entities since the Sustainability Metric Base Year, in accordance with GHG Protocol Corporate Reporting and Accounting Standard. 

Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment : with respect to any KPI Metrics Report, for any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, commencing with the 2023 calendar year, an amount (whether positive, negative or zero), expressed as a percentage, equal to the KPI Facility Fee Adjustment Amount (whether positive, negative or zero) for such period. 

Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment : with respect to any KPI Metrics Report, for any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, commencing with the 2023 calendar year, an amount (whether positive, negative or zero), expressed as a percentage, equal to the KPI L/C Fee Adjustment Amount (whether positive, negative or zero) for such period. 

Sustainability Metric Base Year : the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2018. 

Sustainability Metric : for any fiscal year of Ultimate Parent, (a) the total Direct (Scope 1) Energy Direct (Scope 2) Greenhouse Gas Emissions GHG Emissions ), measured in metric tonnes CO2 (carbon dioxide) equivalent CO2e ), of Kimco together with the Consolidated Entities and the Unconsolidated Entities during such fiscal year (determined and calculated according to the GHG Protocol Corporate Reporting and Accounting Standard using the Control Approach for defining relevant emissions sources) minus (b) qualified emissions offsets (such as renewable energy certificates (RECs)) of Kimco together with the Consolidated Entities and the Unconsolidated Entities during such fiscal year (including any such offsets in which Kimco, any of its Consolidated Entities or any of its Unconsolidated Entities has an interest including as a result of purchasing environmental attributes of projects other than those owned directly by Kimco, any of its Consolidated Entities or any of its Unconsolidated Entities). GHG Emissions will be quantified after the end of each fiscal year based on invoice data collected in Kimco s utility management system. Such determination shall be verified by an independent third party in accordance with Tier II of the Emission Reduction Ton ERT standard corporate greenhouse gas verification guideline as described in the GHG Protocol Corporate Reporting and Accounting Standard, or in accordance with another CDP-approved standard identified by Kimco. 

Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date : specified in Section 2.19(a) . 

Sustainability Rate Adjustment : with respect to any KPI Metrics Report, for any period between Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Dates, an amount (whether positive, negative or zero), expressed as a percentage, equal to the KPI Applicable Margin Adjustment Amount (whether positive, negative or zero) for such period. 

37

Sustainability Report : the annual non-financial disclosure report prepared in accordance with the GHG Protocol Corporate Reporting and Accounting Standard publicly reported by Ultimate Parent or Kimco and published on an Internet or intranet website to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have been granted access free of charge (or at the expense of Ultimate Parent or Kimco). 

Sustainability Table : the Sustainability Table set forth on Schedule ST . 

Swap Agreement : any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of Kimco or any Affiliate thereof shall be a Swap Agreement. 

Swap Obligation : with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Syndication Agents : as defined in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

TARGET Day : any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euros. 

TARGET2 : the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer TARGET2 payment system (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) for the settlement of payments in Euros. 

Taxes : any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Benchmark : when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the CDOR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate. 

Term Benchmark Loans : Revolving Credit Loans and Competitive Loans, the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the CDOR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate. 

Term Benchmark Tranche : the collective reference to Term Benchmark Loans the then current Interest Periods with respect to all of which begin on the same date and end on the same later date (whether or not such Loans shall originally have been made on the same day). 

38

Term SOFR Determination Day : assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 

Term SOFR Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate : for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Termination Date : the date that is the earliest to occur of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date on which the Revolving Commitments hereunder shall be terminated or otherwise permanently reduced to zero pursuant to this Agreement, and (c) the date on which the Loans shall become due and payable hereunder by acceleration. 

Test Period : a period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of Ultimate Parent. 

TIBOR Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen and for any Interest Period, the TIBOR Screen Rate two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 

TIBOR Screen Rate : the Tokyo interbank offered rate administered by the Ippan Shadan Hojin JBA TIBOR Administration (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant currency and period displayed on page DTIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) as published at approximately 1:00 p.m. Japan time two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If the TIBOR Screen Rate shall be less than 0.00 , the TIBOR Screen Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 

Total Adjusted EBITDA : for any Test Period, Total EBITDA for such period minus (without duplication) (i) replacement reserves of 0.15 per square foot of gross leasable area per annum, pro-rated for the applicable period, (ii) non-cash revenue and expense for such period attributable to straight-lining of rents, (iii) EBITDA for such period attributable to Unconsolidated Entities, (iv) income for such period from mezzanine and mortgage loan receivables, (v) dividend and interest income from marketable securities, (vi) EBITDA for such period attributable to Properties acquired within 24 months prior to the last day of such Test Period, and (vii) Ultimate Parent s and its Affiliates management fee income and other income (excluding all items referred to in any other clause of this definition) for such period not attributable to Properties to the extent that such items referred to in this clause (vii), in the aggregate, exceed 15 of Total EBITDA. 

39

Total Adjusted Interest Expense : actual interest expense (accrued, paid, capitalized, and reduced by forgiven accrued amounts) of Kimco and the Consolidated Entities but excluding (i) non-cash interest expense with respect to convertible debt, (ii) amortization of above/below-market debt amounts and of deferred financing costs, (iii) facility fees attributable to the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility, and (iv) prepayment penalties. 

Total Debt Service : in respect of any Test Period, Total Adjusted Interest Expense plus scheduled principal debt amortization for Kimco and the Consolidated Entities on the aggregate principal amount of their respective Indebtedness provided that there shall be excluded optional prepayments and balloon payments due at maturity, and non-cash interest expense with respect to convertible debt, and provided , further , that the amount of any scheduled principal debt amortization payment paid during such Test Period with respect to Indebtedness related to a property acquired during such Test Period or otherwise assumed in connection with an acquisition consummated during such Test Period shall be limited, for purposes of calculating Total Debt Service, in proportion to the fraction of such Test Period during which Kimco or another Consolidated Entity owned such property or had assumed such Indebtedness, as applicable), plus preferred stock dividends paid during such Test Period. 

Total EBITDA : for any period, Adjusted Net Income of Kimco and the Consolidated Entities before any provision or benefit for income taxes, interest expense, depreciation, amortization, gains or losses on (i) sales of operating real estate and (ii) marketable securities, noncash impairment charges, acquisition costs, gains or losses on extraordinary items and gains or losses on early extinguishment of debt, plus , without duplication, EBITDA of Unconsolidated Entities. 

Total Indebtedness : as of any date of determination, the principal amount of all Indebtedness of Kimco, of any Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and of any other Consolidated Entities, outstanding at such date. 

Total Priority Indebtedness : as of any date of determination, the aggregate of (a) Indebtedness of Kimco or of any of the Consolidated Entities outstanding as of such date, secured by any asset of Kimco or the Consolidated Entities, and (b) all unsecured third party Indebtedness of the Consolidated Entities to Persons other than Kimco or any Consolidated Entity outstanding as of such date except to the extent that such unsecured third party Indebtedness is unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Ultimate Parent or Kimco. 

Total Unsecured Interest Expense : actual interest expense (accrued, paid, or capitalized) on all Unsecured Debt of Kimco or any Consolidated Entity, but excluding (i) non-cash interest expense with respect to convertible debt, (ii) amortization of above/below-market debt amounts and of deferred financing costs, (iii) facility fees attributable to the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility and (iv) prepayment penalties. 

Tranche : any Term Benchmark Tranche or Short Term Tranche. 

Tranche A Commitment : as to any Lender, the obligation (if any) to make Tranche A Loans to and/or issue or participate in Tranche A Letters of Credit issued on behalf of Borrowers hereunder in an aggregate principal and/or face amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A under the heading Tranche A Commitment (Dollars Only), as such amount may be changed from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders Tranche A Commitments is 1,750,000,000. 

40

Tranche A Exposure : as to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the outstanding aggregate amount of such Lender s Tranche A Loans at such time and (b) such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Tranche A L/C Obligations then outstanding. 

Tranche A L/C Obligations : at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of the then outstanding Tranche A Letters of Credit and (b) the aggregate amount of drawings under Tranche A Letters of Credit that have not then been reimbursed pursuant to Section 3.5(a). 

Tranche A Letters of Credit : letters of credit issued by the Issuing Lender pursuant to this Agreement, to the extent such Letters of Credit are deemed, pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, to be a use of the Tranche A Commitment, including the letters of credit referred to in Schedule 3.10. 

Tranche A Loans : Revolving Credit Loans made by the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement, to the extent such Loans are deemed, pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, to be a use of the Tranche A Commitment. 

Tranche B Commitment : as to any Lender, the obligation (if any) to make Tranche B Loans to and/or issue or participate in Tranche B Letters of Credit issued on behalf of Borrowers hereunder in an aggregate principal and/or face amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A under the heading Tranche B Commitment (Dollars or Alternate Currency), as such amount may be changed from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, including any pre-approved increases pursuant to Section 2.18. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders Tranche B Commitments is 250,000,000. 

Tranche B Exposure : as to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Dollar Equivalent of the outstanding aggregate amount of such Lender s Tranche B Loans at such time and (b) such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Tranche B L/C Obligations then outstanding. 

Tranche B L/C Obligations : at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of the then outstanding Tranche B Letters of Credit and (b) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount of drawings under Tranche B Letters of Credit that have not then been reimbursed pursuant to Section 3.5(a). 

Tranche B Letters of Credit : letters of credit issued by the Issuing Lender pursuant to this Agreement, to the extent such Letters of Credit are deemed, pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, to be a use of the Tranche B Commitment, including the letters of credit referred to in Schedule 3.10. 

Tranche B Loans : Revolving Credit Loans made by the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement, to the extent such Loans are deemed, pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, to be a use of the Tranche B Commitment. 

Transferee : as defined in Section 10.7. 

41

Type : as to any Revolving Credit Loan, its nature as an ABR Loan, a Term Benchmark Loan, RFR Loan, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan or a Short Term Loan; and as to any Competitive Loan, its nature as a Term Benchmark Loan or a Fixed Rate Loan. 

UK Financial Institution : any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority : the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Ultimate Parent : Kimco Realty Corporation, a Maryland corporation. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement : the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Unconsolidated Entity : as of any date of determination, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, or other business entity in which Ultimate Parent, directly or indirectly through ownership of one or more intermediary entities, owns an equity interest but that is not required in accordance with GAAP to be consolidated with Ultimate Parent for financial reporting purposes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) any entity in which the only investment by Ultimate Parent or any Affiliate thereof consists of preferred stock or securities of another entity having characteristics analogous to those of preferred stock, and (ii) any entity as to which Ultimate Parent (together with its Affiliates) does not have the power to direct the acquisition, financing, disposition and other major decisions regarding property owned by such entity). 

unencumbered : with respect to any asset, as of any date of determination, the circumstance that such asset on such date (a) is not subject to any Liens or claims (including restrictions on transferability or assignability) of any kind (excluding Permitted Encumbrances), (b) is not subject to any agreement (including (i) any agreement governing Indebtedness incurred in order to finance or refinance the acquisition of such asset and (ii) if applicable, the organizational documents of any Entity) which prohibits or restricts in a material manner Ultimate Parent or any of the Entities from creating, incurring, assuming or suffering to exist any Lien upon, or conveying, selling, leasing, transferring or otherwise disposing of, any assets or Capital Stock of Ultimate Parent or any of the Entities (excluding any agreement which limits generally the amount of secured Indebtedness which may be incurred by Ultimate Parent and the Entities) and (c) is not subject to any agreement (including any agreement governing Indebtedness incurred in order to finance or refinance the acquisition of such asset) which entitles any Person to the benefit of any Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on any assets or Capital Stock of Ultimate Parent or any of the Entities, or would entitle any Person to the benefit of any Lien (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on such assets or Capital Stock upon the occurrence of any contingency (other than pursuant to an equal and ratable clause contained in any agreement governing Indebtedness). 

Unencumbered Assets NOI : for any period, Unencumbered Property NOI, plus (a) 75 of management fee revenues earned by Ultimate Parent and the Wholly Owned Subsidiaries in respect of properties owned by any Unconsolidated Entity, plus (b) the sum of dividend and interest income from unencumbered marketable securities and unencumbered mezzanine and mortgage loan receivables; provided that management fee revenues earned in respect of properties owned by any Unconsolidated Entity, dividend and interest income from unencumbered mezzanine loan receivables and Unencumbered Assets NOI attributable to assets located outside of the United States and Puerto Rico or to assets owned by Entities not organized in and not having principal offices in the United States or Puerto Rico shall not be taken into account to the extent the sum of all such items exceeds 30 of Unencumbered Assets NOI for the applicable period. 

42

Unencumbered Properties : (a) Properties wholly owned by Ultimate Parent, Kimco or by a Wholly Owned Subsidiary (or in which Ultimate Parent, Kimco or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary has a leasehold interest to the extent eligible pursuant to clause (b) of the second sentence of the definition of the term Unencumbered Property NOI ), as to which Ultimate Parent or Kimco has control, which Properties are unencumbered (including freedom from restrictions, whether on the Property itself or the entity holding such Property, on pledging such Property or the stock, limited liability company interests, partnership interests, or other ownership interests of any Person having an ownership interest in such Property as collateral or selling such Property), and (b) other unencumbered Properties as to which Ultimate Parent, Kimco or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary owns (directly or through the ownership of an interest in a Consolidated Entity) a majority of the equity interests or has a leasehold interest, as above, and has the power to direct acquisition, disposition, financing, and other major property decisions (which shall not include Properties owned by or through Unconsolidated Entities); provided that no such Property shall be treated as an Unencumbered Property at any time during which any Person (other than Ultimate Parent or Kimco) having any direct or indirect ownership interest in such Property (a Property Owner has any Indebtedness or has any obligation or liability, whether primary, secondary, direct, indirect, fixed, contingent, or otherwise (including as a guarantor or other surety or accommodation party, as the general partner of a partnership that has Recourse Indebtedness, under applicable law, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness (an Obligated Property Owner ), unless at such time each such Obligated Property Owner is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary and a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to an effective Subsidiary Guarantee. 

Unencumbered Property NOI : for any period, Property NOI for such period of Unencumbered Properties owned by Ultimate Parent, Kimco or a Wholly Owned Subsidiary and the percentage equal to the Ownership Percentage interest in the applicable Property of Property NOI for such period of other Unencumbered Properties, in each case net of (x) management fees of 3 of revenues and (y) replacement reserves of 0.15 per square foot per annum (pro-rated for the applicable Test Period) of gross leasable area, from Unencumbered Properties. For the purpose of determining Unencumbered Property NOI, (a) no property owned by any Unconsolidated Entity shall be included and (b) leasehold positions will be eligible if (i) with respect to the lease term, either (x) more than 25 years remains in such lease term or (y) such lease term is renewable in the sole discretion of Ultimate Parent or Kimco for one or more successive periods aggregating (together with the remaining current lease term) more than 25 years so long as, in the case of this clause (y), periodic rent increases shall be at levels comparable to those that are customarily applicable to leases having initial terms in excess of 25 years, and (ii) such leasehold position is mortgageable and the terms of the lease include customary secured lender protections (including that (A) the lessor shall notify any holder of a security interest in such leasehold interest of the occurrence of any default by the lessee under such lease and shall afford such holder the right to cure such default, and (B) in the event that such lease is terminated, such holder shall have the option to enter into a new lease having terms substantially identical to those contained in the terminated lease). 

Uniform Customs : the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (2007 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600, and if acceptable to the Issuing Lender in its sole discretion, as the same may be amended or revised from time to time. 

43

United States : the United States of America, including the States and the District of Columbia, but excluding its territories and possessions. 

Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents : as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount of Unrestricted cash then held by Kimco or any of the Consolidated Entities and (b) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount of Unrestricted Cash Equivalents (valued at the lower of cost and fair market value) then held by Kimco or any of the Consolidated Entities. As used in this definition, Unrestricted means, with respect to any asset, the circumstance that such asset is not subject to any Liens or claims of any kind in favor of any Person. 

Unsecured Debt : all Indebtedness which is not secured by a Lien on any income, Capital Stock, property or asset; provided that Unsecured Debt shall not include any Indebtedness included in the calculation of Total Priority Indebtedness. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day : any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Person : a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

U.S. Tax Certificate : as defined in Section 2.12(d)(ii)(D). 

Wells Fargo : Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary : as to any Person, any entity all of the capital stock of which and any and all equivalent ownership interests of which (other than directors qualifying shares required by law) are owned by such Person directly or indirectly through one or more of such Person s Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Wholly Owned Subsidiary or to Wholly Owned Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall be a collective reference to, without duplication, all (a) Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of Ultimate Parent and (b) Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of Kimco. 

Withholding Agent : any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers : (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Yen or : the lawful money of Japan. 

44

SECTION 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions; Interpretation . 

(a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any other Loan Document or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. 

(b) Without limiting Section 1.3, as used herein and in any other Loan Document, and any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, accounting terms relating to Kimco and its Subsidiaries not defined in Section 1.1 and accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.1, to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP. 

(c) The words hereof , herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Article, Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 

(d) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. 

(e) Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. 

(f) The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . 

(g) The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . 

(h) Unless the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, and (iii) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 

SECTION 1.3 Accounting Terms; GAAP . 

Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if Kimco notifies the Administrative Agent that Kimco requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies Kimco that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective (and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrowers shall negotiate in good faith to amend such provision to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP) until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the audited consolidated financial statements of Kimco for the fiscal year December 31, 2015 for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the requisite parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes. 

45

SECTION 1.4 Exchange Rates . 

(a) Not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, three (3) Business Days prior to each Calculation Date beginning with the date that is the earlier of the date on which the initial Alternate Currency Borrowing is made or the initial Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternate Currency is issued, as the case may be, the Administrative Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such Calculation Date with respect to each relevant Alternate Currency. The Exchange Rates so determined shall become effective on the relevant Calculation Date, shall remain effective until the next succeeding Calculation Date, and shall for all purposes of this Agreement (other than Section 2.2, Section 10.20, or any other provision expressly requiring the use of a current Exchange Rate) be the Exchange Rates employed in converting any amounts between dollars and any Alternate Currency. 

(b) Not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on each Calculation Date, the Administrative Agent shall determine the aggregate amount of the Dollar Equivalents of the principal amounts of Alternate Currency Loans or L/C Obligations then outstanding (after giving effect to any Alternate Currency Loans made or repaid on such date or any L/C Obligations incurred or repaid on such date). The Administrative Agent shall determine the aggregate amount of the Dollar Equivalent of all other amounts denominated in an Alternate Currency at the applicable time provided for its making such determination pursuant to this Agreement (and such determinations shall be conclusive and binding on the parties hereto in the absence of manifest error). 

SECTION 1.5 Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in Dollars or an Alternate Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.8(c) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

46

SECTION 1.6 Letter of Credit Amounts . 

Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Letter of Credit agreement related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. 

SECTION 1.7 Divisions . 

For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its equity interests at such time. 

ARTICLE II 
 
THE LOANS 

SECTION 2.1 Competitive Bid Procedure . 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, from time to time during the Commitment Period, Kimco may request Competitive Bids and may (but shall not have any obligation to) accept Competitive Bids and borrow Competitive Loans denominated in Dollars in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not to exceed fifty percent (50 of the aggregate Revolving Commitments; provided that after giving effect thereto the sum of the total Revolving Exposure of all the Lenders plus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Competitive Loans shall not exceed the total Revolving Commitments. Competitive Loans shall not be available in any Alternate Currency. To request Competitive Bids, Kimco shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (x) in the case of a borrowing of Competitive Loans based on an Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, not later than 10:30 a.m. (Central time) four (4) Business Days before the date of the proposed borrowing, and (y) in the case of a borrowing of Fixed Rate Loans, not later than 10:30 a.m. (Central time), one (1) Business Day before the date of the proposed borrowing; provided that Kimco may submit up to (but not more than) three (3) Competitive Bid Requests on the same day, but a Competitive Bid Request shall not be made within two (2) Business Days after the date of any previous Competitive Bid Request, unless any and all such previous Competitive Bid Requests shall have been withdrawn or all Competitive Bids received in response thereto rejected. Each such telephonic Competitive Bid Request shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Competitive Bid Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by Kimco. Each such telephonic and written Competitive Bid Request shall specify the following information: 

(i) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing, which shall be in Dollars; 

(ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

47

(iii) whether such Borrowing is to be based on an Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or at a Fixed Rate; 

(iv) the Interest Period to be applicable to such Borrowing, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period 

(v) the date of maturity of such Borrowing; and 

(vi) the location and number of Kimco s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.2(d). 

Promptly following receipt of a Competitive Bid Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of the details thereof by telecopy, inviting the Lenders to submit Competitive Bids. 

(b) Each Lender may (but shall not have any obligation to) make one or more Competitive Bids to Kimco in response to a Competitive Bid Request. Each Competitive Bid by a Lender must be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and must be received by the Administrative Agent by telecopy (x) in the case of a borrowing of a Competitive Loan at a rate based on the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, not later than 10:30 a.m. (Central time) three (3) Business Days before the proposed date of such borrowing, and (y) in the case of a borrowing of a Fixed Rate Loan, not later than 10:30 a.m. (Central time) on the proposed date of such borrowing. Competitive Bids that do not conform substantially to the form approved by the Administrative Agent may be rejected by the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall notify the applicable Lender as promptly as practicable. Each Competitive Bid shall specify (i) the principal amount (which shall be a minimum of 5,000,000 and an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and which may equal the entire principal amount of the borrowing of a Competitive Loan requested by Kimco) of the Competitive Loan or Loans that the applicable Lender is willing to make, (ii) the Competitive Bid Rate or Rates (including, in the case of a Competitive Loan based on the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate quoted by such Lender for the requested Interest Period) at which such Lender is prepared to make such Loan or Loans (expressed as a percentage rate per annum in the form of a decimal to no more than four decimal places) and (iii) the Interest Period applicable to each such Loan and the last day thereof. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Kimco by telecopy of the Competitive Bid Rate and the principal amount specified in each Competitive Bid and the identity of the Lender that shall have made such Competitive Bid. 

(d) Subject only to the provisions of this paragraph, Kimco may accept or reject any Competitive Bid. Kimco shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone, confirmed by telecopy in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, whether and to what extent it has decided to accept or reject each Competitive Bid (x) in the case of a Competitive Loan based on an Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, not later than 11:30 a.m. (Central time) three (3) Business Days before the date of the proposed borrowing, and (y) in the case of a Fixed Rate Loan, not later than 11:30 a.m. (Central time) on the proposed date of the borrowing; provided that (i) the failure of Kimco to give any such notice shall be deemed to be a rejection of each Competitive Bid, (ii) Kimco shall not accept a Competitive Bid made at a particular Competitive Bid Rate if Kimco rejects a Competitive Bid made at a lower Competitive Bid Rate, (iii) the aggregate amount of the Competitive Bids accepted by Kimco shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the requested borrowing for Competitive Loans specified in the related Competitive Bid Request, (iv) to the extent necessary to comply with clause (iii) above, Kimco may accept Competitive Bids at the same Competitive Bid Rate in part, which acceptance, in the case of multiple Competitive Bids at such Competitive Bid Rate, shall be made pro rata in accordance with the amount of each such Competitive Bid, and (v) except pursuant to clause (iv) above, no Competitive Bid shall be accepted for a Competitive Loan unless such Competitive Loan is in a minimum principal amount of 5,000,000 and an integral multiple of 1,000,000; provided , further , that if a Competitive Loan must be in an amount less than 5,000,000 because of the provisions of clause (iv) above, such Competitive Loan may be for a minimum of 1,000,000 or any integral multiple thereof, and in calculating the pro rata allocation of acceptances of portions of multiple Competitive Bids at a particular Competitive Bid Rate pursuant to clause (iv) the amounts shall be rounded to integral multiples of 1,000,000 in a manner determined by Kimco. A notice given by Kimco pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable. 

48

(e) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each bidding Lender by telecopy whether or not its Competitive Bid has been accepted (and, if so, the amount and Competitive Bid Rate so accepted), and each successful bidder will thereupon become bound, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, to make the Competitive Loan in respect of which its Competitive Bid has been accepted. 

(f) If the entity which is the Administrative Agent shall elect to submit a Competitive Bid in its capacity as a Lender, it shall submit such Competitive Bid directly to Kimco at least one quarter of an hour earlier than the time by which the other Lenders are required to submit their Competitive Bids to the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. 

SECTION 2.2 Loans; Etc . 

(a) Revolving Commitments . 

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender severally agrees to make revolving credit loans Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrowers, without double-counting (i.e., amounts advanced by a Lender in respect of its Tranche A Commitment shall not be counted in reduction of its Tranche B Commitment, or vice versa) (x) in the case of Lenders with a Tranche A Commitment, in Dollars only, from time to time during the Commitment Period in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding which, when added to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the then outstanding Tranche A L/C Obligations, does not exceed the amount of such Lender s Tranche A Commitment, and (y) in the case of Lenders with a Tranche B Commitment, in Dollars or in an Alternate Currency, from time to time during the Commitment Period in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding the Dollar Equivalent of which, when added to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the then outstanding Tranche B L/C Obligations, does not exceed the amount of such Lender s Tranche B Commitment; provided that no Short Term Loan shall be available in an Alternate Currency. During the Commitment Period the Borrowers may use the Revolving Commitments by borrowing, prepaying the Revolving Credit Loans in whole or in part, and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in no event shall, at any time, the sum of the Revolving Exposure of all of the Lenders plus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Competitive Loans exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments then in effect. 

(ii) Each Revolving Credit Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Credit Loans made by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the Tranche A Commitments or the Tranche B Commitments, as applicable, and to the extent such Revolving Credit Loan is made shall constitute a use of the Tranche A Commitment or the Tranche B Commitment, as applicable. Each Competitive Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.1. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Revolving Commitments and Competitive Bids of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. 

49

(iii) Subject to Section 2.8 and Section 2.10, (x) Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars may from time to time be Term Benchmark Loans, ABR Loans, RFR Loans, or Short Term Loans or a combination thereof, as determined by the applicable Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 2.2(d) and 2.4, and (y) Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars may from time to time be Term Benchmark Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, provided that no such Revolving Credit Loan described in this sentence shall be made as a Term Benchmark Loan after the day that is one (1) month prior to the Termination Date. Revolving Credit Loans denominated in an Alternate Currency (other than Canadian Dollars) shall be composed entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, and Revolving Credit Loans denominated in an Alternate Currency shall only be made using Tranche B Commitments. Each Lender at its option may make any Revolving Credit Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the applicable Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided , further , that each applicable Lender shall at all times comply with the requirements of this Agreement in respect thereto, including Section 2.12, and no Lender shall make any such election if and to the extent the same would cause the applicable Borrower to increase its payment obligations hereunder. Subject to Section 2.8 and Section 2.10, any Competitive Loan may from time to time be a Term Benchmark Loans or a Fixed Rate Loan as the applicable Borrower may request in accordance with Section 2.1. 

(b) Notes . The Revolving Credit Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by a promissory note executed and delivered by the applicable Borrower at the request of such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 , with appropriate insertions as to payee and date (a Revolving Credit Note ), payable to the order of such Lender in a principal amount equal to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Credit Loans made by such Lender. The Competitive Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by a promissory note executed and delivered by Kimco at the request of such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 , with appropriate insertions as to payee and date (a Competitive Loan Note ), payable to the order of such Lender. Each Lender is hereby authorized to record, as applicable, the date, Type and amount of each Revolving Credit Loan or Competitive Loan made by such Lender, each continuation thereof, each conversion of all or a portion thereof to another Type, the date and amount of each payment or prepayment of principal thereof and, in the case of Fixed Rate Loans and Term Benchmark Loans, the length of each Interest Period with respect thereto and, in the case of Short Term Loans, the Short Term Loan Maturity Date with respect thereto, on the schedule (including any continuation thereof) annexed to and constituting a part of its Revolving Credit Note or Competitive Loan Note, as the case may be, and any such recordation shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information so recorded; provided that the failure by any Lender to make any such recordation or any error in such recordation shall not affect the obligations of any Borrower under this Agreement or the Notes. 

(c) Repayment of Loans . Kimco shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Competitive Loan on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan. Each Borrower shall repay all then outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and Competitive Loans made to such Borrower on the Termination Date (or, if earlier, the applicable Short Term Loan Maturity Date in respect of a Short Term Loan) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in the currency in which such Loan was made. 

50

(d) Procedure for Borrowing Revolving Credit Loans . The Borrowers may borrow Revolving Credit Loans during the Commitment Period on any Business Day, provided that the applicable Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (which notice must be received by the Administrative Agent prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time, (i) three (3) Business Days (or, in the case of any requested Borrowing in an Alternate Currency, four (4) Business Days) prior to the requested Borrowing Date, if all or any part of the requested Revolving Credit Loans are to be initially Term Benchmark Loans, (ii) five (5) Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, if all or any part of the requested Revolving Credit Loans are to be initially RFR Loans denominated in Sterling, (iii) two (2) Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, if all or any part of the requested Revolving Credit Loans are to be initially Short Term Loans, or (iv) on the Business Day which is the requested Borrowing Date, if the requested Revolving Credit Loans are to be initially ABR Loans, RFR Loans denominated in Dollars or Canadian Prime Rate Loans), specifying (A) the aggregate amount to be borrowed, (B) whether the amount to be borrowed will use the Tranche A Commitments or the Tranche B Commitments or, if a combination thereof, indicating the respective amounts thereof, (C) the requested Borrowing Date and, in the case of each Short Term Loan, the requested Short Term Loan Maturity Date, (D) whether the Borrowing is to be of Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans, ABR Loans, Short Term Loans, Canadian Prime Rate Loans or a combination thereof, (E) if a Term Benchmark Loan, the currency of such requested Revolving Credit Loan (which must be Dollars in the case of Revolving Credit Loans using the Tranche A Commitments), and (F) if the borrowing is to be entirely or partly of Term Benchmark Loans the respective amounts of each such Type of Revolving Credit Loan and the respective lengths of the initial Interest Periods therefor. Each borrowing under the Revolving Commitments shall be in an amount equal to (i) in the case of ABR Loans, RFR Loans denominated in Dollars or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, if the then aggregate Available Commitments are less than 5,000,000, such lesser amount) and (ii) in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans denominated in Sterling or Short Term Loans, 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or the Dollar Equivalent in an Alternate Currency, in each case subject to Section 2.2(e). Upon receipt of any such notice from the applicable Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof. Each Lender will make the amount of its pro rata share of each such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Borrower at the office of the Administrative Agent specified in Section 10.2 prior to 1:00 P.M., New York City time (or (i) in the case of Short Term Loans having a Short Term Loan Maturity Date of six (6) days or less from the relevant Borrowing Date, 3:00 P.M., New York City time and (ii) in the case of an Alternate Currency Borrowing, local time for the principal market of such currency), on the Borrowing Date requested by the applicable Borrower in funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent. Such borrowing will then be made available to the applicable Borrower by the Administrative Agent crediting the account of the applicable Borrower on the books of such office with the aggregate of the amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by the Lenders and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. In no event may the number of Short Term Loans requested in any calendar month exceed four (4). In no event may the number of Short Term Loans requested in any calendar year exceed thirty (30). 

(e) Tranches . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all Borrowings, prepayments, conversions and continuations of Revolving Credit Loans hereunder and all selections of Interest Periods hereunder shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections so that, after giving effect thereto, (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans comprising each Tranche of Tranche A Loans and each Tranche of Tranche B Loans shall be equal to 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or the Dollar Equivalent in an Alternate Currency, and (ii) there shall be no more than fifteen (15) Term Benchmark Tranches and RFR Borrowings outstanding at any one time. 

51

(f) Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments . Kimco shall have the right, upon not less than three (3) Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify each Lender thereof), to terminate the Revolving Commitments or, from time to time, to reduce the amount of the Tranche A Commitments and/or the Tranche B Commitments (as designated by Kimco); provided that no such termination or reduction shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and to any payments of the Revolving Credit Loans made on the effective date thereof, (i) the sum of the Tranche A Exposure of all the Lenders would exceed the Tranche A Commitments of all the Lenders, (ii) the sum of the Tranche B Exposure of all the Lenders would exceed the Tranche B Commitments of all the Lenders, (iii) the sum of the Revolving Exposure, plus the aggregate principal amount of the Competitive Loans then outstanding, would exceed the total Revolving Commitments then in effect or (iv) the Available Commitment of any Lender would be less than zero. Any such notice may state that it is conditioned upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the applicable Borrower (by written notice to the Administrative Agent on or before the specified date of reduction or termination) if such condition is not satisfied. Any such reduction (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to Section 10.10(a)) shall be in an amount equal to 50,000,000 or a whole multiple of 10,000,000 in excess thereof and shall reduce permanently the Revolving Commitments then in effect. 

SECTION 2.3 Prepayments . 

(a) Optional . Each Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay the Revolving Credit Loans of such Borrower (subject, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans and Short Term Loans to compliance with the terms of Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.13), in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, specifying the date and amount of prepayment and whether the prepayment is of Tranche A Loans, Tranche B Loans, Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans, ABR Loans, Short Term Loans, Canadian Prime Rate Loans or a combination thereof, and, if of a combination thereof, the amount allocable to each. Kimco may not prepay any Competitive Loan without the prior consent of the relevant Lender(s) thereof, except in connection with a prepayment pursuant to Section 10.10(a) hereof. Any such notice may state that it is conditioned upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the applicable Borrower (by written notice to the Administrative Agent on or before the specified date of prepayment) if such condition is not satisfied. Upon receipt of any notice of prepayment, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof. If any such notice is given, the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein, together with any amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.13. Subject to Section 2.2(e) and except in connection with a prepayment pursuant to Section 10.10(a), partial prepayments shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 5,000,000 (or, in the case of prepayments of any Alternate Currency Loans, the Dollar Equivalent of 5,000,000 at the time of such prepayment) or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 (or, in the case of prepayments of any Alternate Currency Loans, the Dollar Equivalent of 1,000,000 at the time of such prepayment) in excess thereof (or, if less, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans). 

(b) Mandatory . If, on any Calculation Date, for any reason, the sum of the Lenders aggregate Tranche B Exposure exceeds one hundred five percent (105 of the Lenders aggregate Tranche B Commitments, then the applicable Borrower shall promptly prepay the Tranche B Loans (or if no Tranche B Loans are outstanding, cash collateralize Tranche B Letters of Credit (in the manner provided in Article VIII), if any, which shall then be treated solely for purposes of this paragraph as no longer outstanding to the extent so cash collateralized) in an aggregate amount sufficient such that, after giving effect thereto, the sum of the Lenders aggregate Tranche B Exposure does not exceed one hundred percent (100 of the Lenders aggregate Tranche B Commitments. 

52

SECTION 2.4 Conversion and Continuation Options . 

(a) The applicable Borrower may elect from time to time to convert Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars to ABR Loans or RFR Loans (or, with respect to Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, Canadian Prime Rate Loans), by giving the Administrative Agent at least two (2) Business Days prior irrevocable notice of such election; provided that any such conversion of Term Benchmark Loans may only be made on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. The applicable Borrower may elect from time to time to convert ABR Loans, RFR Loans denominated in Dollars or Canadian Prime Rate Loans to Term Benchmark Loans by giving the Administrative Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior irrevocable notice of such election. The applicable Borrower may elect from time to time to convert ABR Loans to RFR Loans denominated in Dollars or to convert RFR Loans denominated in Dollars to ABR Loans, in each case by giving the Administrative Agent at least one (1) Business Days prior irrevocable notice of such election. Any such notice of conversion to Term Benchmark Loans shall specify the length of the initial Interest Period or Interest Periods therefor. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each affected Lender thereof. All or any part of the outstanding Term Benchmark Loans, ABR Loans, RFR Loans denominated in Dollars and Canadian Prime Rate Loans may be converted as provided herein; provided that (i) no Loan may be converted into a Term Benchmark Loan when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent has or the Required Lenders have determined in its or their sole discretion that such a conversion is not appropriate, (ii) any such conversion may only be made if, after giving effect thereto, Section 2.2(e) would not be contravened, and (iii) no Revolving Credit Loan may be converted into a Term Benchmark Loan after the date that is one (1) month prior to the Termination Date. 

(b) Any Term Benchmark Loans may be continued as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto by the applicable Borrower giving irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the term Interest Period set forth in Section 1.1, of the length of the next Interest Period to be applicable to such Loans, provided that no Term Benchmark Loan may be continued as such (i) when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent has or the Required Lenders have determined in its or their sole discretion that such a continuation is not appropriate, (ii) if, after giving effect thereto, Section 2.2(e) would be contravened, or (iii) after the date that is one month prior to the Termination Date, and provided , further , that if such Borrower shall fail to give any required notice as described above in this paragraph or if such continuation is not permitted pursuant to the preceding proviso such Loans shall be automatically converted to ABR Loans (or, in the case of Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, Canadian Prime Rate Loans) on the last day of such then expiring Interest Period. Upon receipt of any notice pursuant to this Section 2.4(b), the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Sections 2.4(a) and (b) shall not apply to Competitive Loans, which may not be converted or continued. 

SECTION 2.5 Fees . 

(a) Kimco agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a facility fee at a per annum rate for the period from and including the first day of the Commitment Period to but excluding the Termination Date, computed at the Facility Fee Rate on the daily amount of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender, whether used or unused; provided that if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Exposure or outstanding Competitive Loans after its Revolving Commitment terminates, then such facility fee shall continue to accrue at the Facility Fee Rate on the average daily amount of such Lender s Revolving Exposure and Competitive Loans from and including the date on which its Revolving Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving Exposure or outstanding Competitive Loans. Accrued facility fees shall be payable in arrears on the last Business Day of each calendar quarter and on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof; provided that any facility fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. 

53

(b) Kimco shall pay to the Lead Lenders, for their respective own accounts (as applicable), and, to the extent mutually agreed upon by the Lead Lenders and the other Lenders, for the account of the Lenders, the fees in the amounts and on the dates previously agreed to in writing by Kimco pursuant to the Fee Letter. 

SECTION 2.6 Interest Rates and Payment Dates . 

(a) Each Loan (other than Competitive Loans) denominated in Dollars shall bear interest (i) if a Term Benchmark Loan, for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate determined for such day plus the Applicable Margin, (ii) if an ABR Loan, at a rate per annum equal to the ABR plus the Applicable Margin and (iii) if a RFR Loan, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 

(b) Each Loan denominated in an Alternate Currency other than Canadian Dollars shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to the (i) in the case of Loans denominated in Euros, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate determined for such day plus the Applicable Margin, (ii) in the case of Loans denominated in Yen, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate determined for such day plus the Applicable Margin, and (iii) in the case of Loans denominated in Sterling, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Margin. 

(c) Each Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars shall bear interest (i) if a Term Benchmark Loan, for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to the CDOR Rate determined for such day plus the Applicable Margin and (ii) if a Canadian Prime Rate Loan, at a rate per annum equal to the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 

(d) Each Short Term Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Short Term Rate applicable thereto plus the Applicable Margin. 

(e) Each Competitive Loan (other than a Fixed Rate Loan) shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate determined for such day plus (or minus , as applicable) the Margin applicable thereto. Each Fixed Rate Loan shall bear interest at the Fixed Rate applicable thereto. 

(f) If all or a portion of (i) the principal amount of any Revolving Credit Loan, Short Term Loan or Competitive Loan, (ii) any interest payable thereon or (iii) any fee or other amount payable hereunder shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is (x) in the case of overdue principal, the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.6 plus 2 or (y) in the case of any overdue interest, fee or other amount, the rate described in Section 2.6(a)(ii) plus 2 , in each case from the date of such non-payment to the date on which such amount is paid in full (as well after as before judgment). 

(g) Interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, provided that interest accruing pursuant to Section 2.6(f) shall be payable from time to time on demand. 

54

SECTION 2.7 Computation of Interest and Fees . 

(a) Facility fees and interest (other than interest calculated on the basis of the Prime Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate, the CDOR Rate, the TIBOR Rate, or with respect to RFR Loans denominated in Sterling) shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed. Interest calculated on the basis of the Prime Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate, the CDOR Rate, the TIBOR Rate, or with respect to RFR Loans denominated in Sterling shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366-, as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the applicable Borrowers and the Lenders of each determination of a Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, CDOR Rate, TIBOR Rate, RFR Rate, EURIBOR Rate or Short Term Rate. Any change in the interest rate on a Revolving Credit Loan (or a Competitive Loan subject to Section 2.10) resulting from a change in the ABR shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change becomes effective. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the applicable Borrowers and the Lenders of the effective date and the amount of each such change in interest rate. 

(b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrowers and the Lenders in the absence of manifest error. The Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the Borrowers, deliver to the Borrowers a statement showing the quotations used by the Administrative Agent in determining any interest rate with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan. 

SECTION 2.8 Market Disruption and Alternate Rate of Interest . 

(a) If at the time that the Administrative Agent shall seek to determine the Relevant Screen Rate on the Quotation Day or other applicable date set forth in the Relevant Screen Rate for any Interest Period for a Borrowing of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans the applicable Relevant Screen Rate shall not be available for such Interest Period and/or for the applicable currency with respect to such Borrowing of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans for any reason (which conclusion shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error), then (i) if such Borrowing shall be requested in Dollars, then such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Loan at the ABR (without prejudicing the Borrower s right to thereafter request a Short Term Loan), (ii) if such Borrowing shall be requested in Canadian Dollars, then such Borrowing shall be made as a Canadian Prime Rate Loan at the Canadian Prime Rate and (iii) if such Borrowing shall be requested in any Alternate Currency (other than Canadian Dollars), the interest rate for such Borrowing shall be equal to the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for such Alternate Currency plus the CBR Spread (unless the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for such Alternate Currency cannot be determined, in which case such request shall be ineffective). 

(b) Subject to clauses (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of this Section 2.8, if prior to the first day of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or in connection with an existing or proposed RFR Loan: 

(i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrowers) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, CDOR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or Adjusted TIBOR Rate for a Loan in the applicable currency or for the applicable Interest Period or (B) for ascertaining the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for a RFR Loan in the applicable currency (including in each case because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis); or 

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders (or, in the case of a Competitive Loan, the Lender that is required to make such Competitive Loan) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, CDOR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or Adjusted TIBOR Rate for a Loan in the applicable currency or for the applicable Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) (as conclusively certified by such Lenders or Lender, as the case may be) of making or maintaining their affected Revolving Credit Loans (or its Competitive Loan) during such Interest Period or (B) that the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for a Loan in the applicable currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (as conclusively certified by such Lenders) of making or maintaining their affected RFR Loans, 

55

then the Administrative Agent shall give telecopy or telephonic notice thereof to the Borrowers and the Lenders as soon as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrowers and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (A) any interest election request pursuant to Section 2.4 that requests continuation of (or conversion to) any Term Benchmark Loan in the affected currencies or for such applicable Interest Period and/or conversion of any Loan to a RFR Loan shall be ineffective, (B) if Dollars are the applicable currency described in the foregoing clause (b)(i) and a Borrowing of a Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is requested in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.8(b)(i) or (ii) above or (y) ABR if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.8(b)(i) or (ii) above (without prejudicing the Borrower s right to thereafter request a Short Term Loan), (C) if Canadian Dollars are the applicable currency described in the foregoing clause (b)(i) and a Term Benchmark Loan is requested in Canadian Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as a Canadian Prime Rate Loan and (D) if any Alternate Currency (other than Canadian Dollars) is the applicable currency described in the foregoing clause (b)(i) and a Borrowing of a Term Benchmark Loan is requested in any such Alternate Currency, then such request shall be ineffective; provided , further that (A) if the circumstances giving rise to such notice do not affect all the Lenders, then requests by Kimco for Competitive Borrowings may be made to Lenders that are not affected thereby and (B) if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then the other Type of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.8(b) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in Dollars, (A) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.8(b)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.8(b)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (B) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan, (ii) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars, then such Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at (x) if denominated in Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate or (y) if denominated in any other Alternate Currency, the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars shall, at the Borrower s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time or (iii) if such RFR Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars, then such Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the Applicable Margin; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars, at the Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternate Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. The Administrative Agent shall not make a determination described in Section 2.8(b)(i), and no Lender shall advise the Administrative Agent as described in Section 2.8(b)(ii) unless the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, is then generally making similar determinations or delivering similar advice, in each case, under other credit facilities to which it is a party with borrowers or account parties that are similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrowers. 

56

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(e) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrowers and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.8, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.8. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate, EURIBOR Rate, TIBOR Rate or CDOR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

57

(g) Upon Kimco s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (A) any interest election request pursuant to Section 2.4 that requests continuation of (or conversion to) any Term Benchmark Loan in the affected currencies or for such applicable Interest Period and/or conversion of any Loan to a RFR Loan shall be ineffective, (B) if Dollars are the affected currency and a Borrowing of a Term Benchmark Loan is requested in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as (1) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (2) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event (without prejudicing the Borrower s right to thereafter request a Short Term Loan), (C) if Canadian Dollars are the affected currency and a Term Benchmark Loan is requested in Canadian Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as a Canadian Prime Rate Loan, (D) if any Alternate Currency (other than Canadian Dollars) is the affected currency and a Borrowing of a Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is requested in any such affected Alternate Currency, then such request shall be ineffective and (E) any request by Kimco for a Competitive Loan based on the Term Benchmark Rate shall be ineffective; provided, further that (A) if the circumstances giving rise to such notice do not affect all the Lenders, then requests by Kimco for Competitive Borrowings may be made to Lenders that are not affected thereby and (B) if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then the other Type of Borrowings shall be permitted. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.8, (i) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in Dollars, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day, (ii) any RFR Loan denominated in Dollars shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan, (iii) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars, then such Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at (x) if denominated in Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate or (y) if denominated in any other Alternate Currency, the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars shall, at the Borrower s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time or (iv) if such RFR Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars, then such Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the Applicable Margin; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Agreed Currency, at the Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternate Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 

58

(h) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.8 or anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, any Benchmark Replacement and Benchmark Replacement Adjustment agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall be on terms no less favorable to the Borrowers than corresponding terms in credit facilities to which JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. serves as administrative agent with borrowers similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrowers, in general, but not necessarily all such credit facilities with respect to which JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. serves as administrative agent; provided, further, that nothing in this clause (g) shall obligate the Administrative Agent to disclose any information regarding other borrowers or facilities. 

SECTION 2.9 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments . 

(a) Each borrowing by any Borrower of Revolving Credit Loans using the Tranche A Commitments or the Tranche B Commitments, as applicable, each payment by any Borrower on account of any fees hereunder and any reduction of the Tranche A Commitments or Tranche B Commitments (other than pursuant to Section 10.10(a)), as applicable, shall be made pro rata according to the respective Applicable Percentages of the Lenders. Each payment (including each prepayment) by any Borrower on account of principal of and interest on the Tranche A Loans or Tranche B Loans, as applicable, shall be made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of such Borrower s Tranche A Loans or Tranche B Loans, as applicable, then held by the Lenders in the currency in which such Revolving Credit Loan was made. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed Letter of Credit drawings, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed Letter of Credit drawings then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed Letter of Credit drawings then due to such parties. All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrowers hereunder and under the Notes, whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise, shall be made without setoff or counterclaim and shall be made prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, or, if the payment is due in an Alternate Currency, local time for the principal market of such currency, on the due date thereof to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Lenders, at (x) in the case of payments due in Dollars the Administrative Agent s office specified in Section 10.2 in immediately available funds and (y) in the case of payments due in an Alternate Currency, to such office as the Administrative Agent may hereafter specify by notice to the Borrowers. It is understood that, if any payment of principal is made on any day in accordance with the preceding sentence, no interest shall accrue on such day in respect of such principal. The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the applicable Lenders promptly upon receipt in like funds as received. If any payment hereunder (other than payments on Term Benchmark Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, with respect to payments of principal, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. If any payment on a Term Benchmark Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day (and, with respect to any such payments of principal, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension) unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. 

59

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender prior to a borrowing that such Lender will not make the amount that would constitute its share of such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender is making such amount available to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. If such amount is not made available to the Administrative Agent by the required time on the Borrowing Date therefor, such Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent, on demand, such amount with interest thereon at a rate equal to the daily average Federal Funds Effective Rate for the period until such Lender makes such amount immediately available to the Administrative Agent. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.9(b) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. If such Lender s share of such borrowing is not made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender within three (3) Business Days of such Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum applicable to the rate per annum applicable to such Borrowing, on demand, from the applicable Borrower. 

SECTION 2.10 Illegality . 

Notwithstanding any other provision herein, if the adoption of or any Change in Law or in the interpretation or application thereof shall make it unlawful for any Lender to make or maintain Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans as contemplated by this Agreement, (a) the commitment of such Lender hereunder to make Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, to continue Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans as such, or to convert ABR Loans to Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans shall forthwith be cancelled, (b) such Lender s Revolving Credit Loans then outstanding as Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, if any, shall be converted automatically to ABR Loans on the respective last days of the then current Interest Periods with respect to such Loans or within such earlier period as required by law and (c) such Lender s Competitive Loans then outstanding as Term Benchmark Loans, if any, shall, if required by law, be converted automatically to ABR Loans. If any such conversion of a Term Benchmark Loan occurs on a day which is not the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto, the applicable Borrower shall pay to such Lender such amounts, if any, as may be required pursuant to Section 2.13. 

SECTION 2.11 Requirements of Law . 

(a) If any Change in Law: 

(i) shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve (except to the extent that such reserve is specifically subject to Section 2.11(c)), special deposit, liquidity, compulsory loan, insurance charge, or similar requirement against assets held by, deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances, loans or other extensions of credit by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any relevant office of such Lender or Issuing Lender which is not otherwise included in the determination of CDOR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, the Short Term Rate or the Fixed Rate; 

(ii) shall impose on such Lender or Issuing Lender any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement (other than Taxes); or 

(iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto (other than (x) Indemnified Taxes and (y) Excluded Taxes); 

60

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Lender or such other Recipient, by an amount which such Lender, the Issuing Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, deems to be material, of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans, Short Term Loans or Fixed Rate Loans or issuing or participating in Letters of Credit or to reduce any amount receivable hereunder in respect thereof, then, in any such case, (x) each Borrower shall promptly pay such Lender, the Issuing Lender or such other Recipient, upon its demand, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender, the Issuing Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable solely with respect to such Borrower s Loans and Letters of Credit and (y) the Borrowers agree, jointly and severally, to pay such Lender, the Issuing Lender or such other Recipient, upon its demand, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender, the Issuing Lender or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable with respect to this Agreement or the Revolving Commitments generally and not solely with respect to any particular Borrower s Loans and Letters of Credit. If any Lender, the Issuing Lender or any other Recipient becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.11(a), it shall promptly notify the Borrowers, through the Administrative Agent, of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled, provided that such amounts shall be no greater than amounts that such Lender, the Issuing Lender or such other Recipient is generally charging other borrowers or account parties similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrowers. 

(b) If any Lender or the Issuing Lender shall have determined that the application of any Requirement of Law or any Change in Law regarding capital adequacy or liquidity or compliance by such Lender or the Issuing Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender or the Issuing Lender with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority does or shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuing Lender s or such corporation s capital or liquidity as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or under any Letter of Credit to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Lender or such corporation could have achieved but for such application or compliance (taking into consideration such Lender s or the Issuing Lender s or such corporation s policies with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity and such Lender s or the Issuing Lender s treatment of its Revolving Commitments and Letters of Credit for internal purposes as of the date on which it became a party hereto) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time, after submission by such Lender or the Issuing Lender to the Borrowers (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of a written request therefor (setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such request), (i) each Borrower shall pay to such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Lender or such corporation, as the case may be, for such reduction solely with respect to such Borrower s Loans and Letters of Credit and (ii) the Borrowers shall, jointly and severally, pay to such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Lender or such corporation, as the case may be, for such reduction with respect to this Agreement or the Revolving Commitments generally and not solely with respect to any particular Borrower s Loans and Letters of Credit; provided that such amounts shall be no greater than amounts that such Lender or the Issuing Lender is generally charging other borrowers or account parties similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrowers. 

(c) [Reserved.] 

(d) A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.11 submitted by any Lender, through the Administrative Agent, to the Borrowers shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. The agreements in this Section 2.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the expiration, cancellation, or other termination of the Letters of Credit, and the payment of the Revolving Credit Loans, the Competitive Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder (the date on which all of the foregoing shall have occurred, the Final Date ), until the first anniversary of the Final Date. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 2.11, no Borrower shall be obligated to pay any greater amounts than such Lender(s) or Issuing Lender(s) is (are) generally charging other borrowers or account parties similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrowers. 

61

(e) For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 2.11 (i) shall not entitle any Recipient to compensation in respect of any Excluded Taxes, (ii) shall not apply to (A) Indemnified Taxes imposed on payments by or on account of any obligations of the Borrowers hereunder or under any Loan Document or (B) Other Taxes, it being understood that such Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes shall be governed exclusively by Section 2.12, and (iii) shall not relieve any Lender or Issuing Lender of any obligation pursuant to Section 2.12. 

SECTION 2.12 Taxes . 

(a) All payments made by any Loan Party under this Agreement and the Notes shall be made without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by any law. If any Withholding Agent determines in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Withholding Agent may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by any Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the applicable Recipient receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made. Each Loan Party shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(b) Indemnification by each Loan Party . Without duplication of any payments made pursuant to Section 2.12(a), each Loan Party shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient for any Indemnified Taxes that are directly paid or payable by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including amounts paid or payable under this Section 2.12(b)) and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto. The indemnity under this Section 2.12(b) shall be paid within 10 days after the Recipient delivers to the applicable Loan Party a certificate stating the amount of any Indemnified Taxes so paid or payable by such Recipient and describing the basis for the indemnification claim. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error. Such Recipient shall deliver a copy of such certificate to the Administrative Agent. 

(c) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent for any Taxes (but, in the case of any Indemnified Taxes, only to the extent that the applicable Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of such Loan Party to do so) attributable to such Lender that are paid or payable by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The indemnity under this Section 2.12(c) shall be paid within 10 days after the Administrative Agent delivers to the applicable Lender a certificate stating the amount of Taxes so paid or payable by the Administrative Agent. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error. 

62

(d) Status of Lenders . 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, any applicable withholding Tax with respect to any payments under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without, or at a reduced rate of, withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to any withholding (including backup withholding) or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.12(d)(ii)(A) through (E) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Upon the reasonable request of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, any Lender shall update any form or certification previously delivered pursuant to this Section 2.12(d). If any form or certification previously delivered pursuant to this Section expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect with respect to a Lender, such Lender shall promptly (and in any event within 10 days after such expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy) notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent in writing of such expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy and update the form or certification if it is legally eligible to do so. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the applicable Borrower or Loan Party (or, if such Borrower or Loan Party is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, its sole owner) is a U.S. Person, any Lender (or if such Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, its sole owner) with respect to such Borrower shall, if it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies reasonably requested by such Borrower and the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a party hereto, duly completed and executed copies of whichever of the following is applicable: 

(A) IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) (1) with respect to payments of interest under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (2) with respect to any other applicable payments under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(C) IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(D) (1) IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E and (2) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H (a U.S. Tax Certificate to the effect that such Lender is not (a) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (b) a 10 percent shareholder of the applicable Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, (c) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (d) conducting a trade or business in the United States with which the relevant interest payments are effectively connected; 

63

(E) (1) an IRS Form W-8IMY on behalf of itself and (2) the relevant forms prescribed in clauses (A), (B), (C), (D) and (F) of this subsection (d)(ii) that would be required of each such beneficial owner or partner of such partnership if such beneficial owner or partner were a Lender; provided , however , that if the Lender is a partnership and one or more of its partners are claiming the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, such Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Certificate on behalf of such partners; or 

(F) any other form prescribed by law as a basis for claiming exemption from, or a reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax together with such supplementary documentation necessary to enable such Borrower or Loan Party or the Administrative Agent to determine the amount of Tax (if any) required by law to be withheld. 

(iii) If a payment made to a Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Withholding Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent as may be necessary for the Withholding Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has or has not complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA and, as necessary, to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.12(d)(iii), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

(e) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.12 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.12), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.12 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 2.12(e) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.12(e), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 2.12(e) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(f) Survival . Each party s obligation under this Section 2.12 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of this Agreement, the expiration, cancellation, or other termination of the Letters of Credit, and the payment of the Revolving Credit Loans, the Competitive Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

64

(g) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 2.12, the term Lender includes any Issuing Lender. 

SECTION 2.13 Indemnity . 

Each Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender and to hold each Lender harmless from any loss or expense (including post-judgment expenses) which such Lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) default by such Borrower in making a borrowing of Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans, Short Term Loans or Fixed Rate Loans or in the conversion into or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans after such Borrower has given a notice requesting or accepting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (b) default by such Borrower in making any prepayment after such Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, or (c) the making of a prepayment or conversion of Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans, Short Term Loans or Fixed Rate Loans on a day which is not the last day of an Interest Period (or the Interest Payment Date, in the case of RFR Loans) or the Short Term Loan Maturity Date, as the case may be, with respect thereto. Such indemnification may, at the option of any Lender, include an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the amount so prepaid or converted, or not so borrowed, converted or continued, for the period from the date of such prepayment or of such failure to borrow, convert or continue to the last day of the relevant Interest Period or the relevant Short Term Loan Maturity Date, as the case may be (or proposed Interest Period or proposed Short Term Loan Maturity Date, as the case may be), in each case at the applicable rate of interest for such Loans provided for herein (excluding, however, the Applicable Margin or Margin) over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) which would have accrued to such Lender on such amount by placing such amount on deposit for a comparable period with leading banks in the interbank market or other relevant market. This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the expiration, cancellation, or other termination of the Letters of Credit, and the payment of the Revolving Credit Loans, the Competitive Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder, until the first anniversary of the Final Date. 

SECTION 2.14 Change of Lending Office . 

Each Lender and each Transferee agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 2.10, 2.11 or 2.12 with respect to such Lender or Transferee, it will, if requested by any Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender or Transferee) to designate another lending office for any Revolving Credit Loans or Competitive Loans affected by such event with the object of avoiding the consequences of such event; provided that such designation is made on terms that, in the sole judgment of such Lender or Transferee, cause such Lender or Transferee and its lending office(s) to suffer no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided , further , that nothing in this Section 2.14 shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of any Borrower or the rights of any Lender or Transferee pursuant to Sections 2.10, 2.11 and 2.12. 

65

SECTION 2.15 Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances . 

Kimco shall be permitted to replace any Lender which (a) requests reimbursement for amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.11 (other than Section 2.11(c)) or 2.12, (b) is affected in the manner described in Section 2.10 and as a result thereof any of the actions described in Section 2.10 is required to be taken, (c) becomes a Defaulting Lender, (d) does not consent to any amendment, waiver, supplement or modification to any Loan Document for which the consent of the Required Lenders has been obtained but that requires the consent of additional Lenders pursuant to any Loan Document, or (e) is a Protesting Lender, with a replacement bank or other financial institution; provided that (i) such replacement does not conflict with any Requirement of Law, (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement, (iii) the Borrowers shall repay (or the replacement bank or institution shall purchase, at par) all Revolving Credit Loans and other amounts (other than Competitive Loans) owing to such replaced Lender prior to the date of replacement, (iv) the applicable Borrowers shall be liable to such replaced Lender under Section 2.13 if any Term Benchmark Loan, Short Term Loan or Fixed Rate Loan owing to such replaced Lender shall be prepaid (or purchased) other than on the last day of the Interest Period or the Short Term Loan Maturity Date, as the case may be, relating thereto, (v) the replacement bank or institution, if not already a Lender, and the terms and conditions of such replacement, shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender, (vi) the replaced Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.6 provided that Kimco shall be obligated to pay the registration and processing fee referred to therein), (vii) the replaced Lender shall (except as provided in the following clause (ix)) be released from its obligations under this Agreement, (viii) until such time as such replacement shall be consummated, the applicable Borrowers shall pay all additional amounts (if any) required pursuant to Section 2.11 or 2.12, as the case may be, and (ix) any such replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights which any Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender shall have against the replaced Lender if it defaulted in its obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans hereunder. 

SECTION 2.16 Additional Reserve Costs . 

(a) If and so long as any Lender is required to comply with reserve assets, liquidity, cash margin or other requirements of any monetary or other authority (including any such requirement imposed by the European Central Bank or the European System of Central Banks, in respect of any of such Lender s Alternate Currency Loans, such Lender may require the applicable Borrower to pay, contemporaneously with each payment of interest on each of such Lender s Alternate Currency Loans (to the extent such Loans were made to such Borrower) subject to such requirements, additional interest on such Alternate Currency Loan at a rate per annum specified by such Lender to be the cost to such Lender of complying with such requirements in relation to such Alternate Currency Loan. 

(b) Any additional interest owed pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall be determined by the relevant Lender, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and notified (which notice shall show the basis for the calculation of such additional interest) to the applicable Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) at least five Business Days before each date on which interest is payable for the relevant Alternate Currency Loan, and such additional interest so notified by such Lender shall be payable to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender on each date on which interest is payable for such Alternate Currency Loan. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 2.16, no Borrower shall be obligated to pay any greater amounts than such Lender(s) is (are) generally charging other borrowers similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrowers. 

SECTION 2.17 Defaulting Lenders . 

Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 

(a) fees shall cease to accrue on the Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.5(a); 

(b) the Revolving Commitment and Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 10.1); provided , that this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender affected thereby; 

66

(c) if any L/C Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 

(i) all or any part of the L/C Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent (x) the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrowers shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time), (y) the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitments, and (z) any non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Exposure does not exceed such non Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment; 

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure shall be cash collateralized for the benefit of the Issuing Lender (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with clause (e) of this Section 2.17 for so long as such L/C Exposure is outstanding; 

(iii) to the extent any portion of such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure is cash collateralized pursuant to clause (e) or (c)(v) of this Section 2.17, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 3.3 with respect to such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure is cash collateralized; 

(iv) to the extent the L/C Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.5 and Section 3.3 shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages as reallocated; 

(v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then the applicable Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent cash collateralize for the benefit of the Issuing Lender only such Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure incapable of being reallocated pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above; and 

(vi) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i), (ii) or (v) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Lender or any other Lender hereunder, all facility fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.5(a) (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment that was utilized by such L/C Exposure) and Letter of Credit Fees payable under Section 3.3 with respect to such Defaulting Lender s L/C Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Lender until and to the extent that such L/C Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; 

(d) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Issuing Lender shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding L/C Exposure will be 100 covered by the Revolving Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrowers in accordance with Section 2.17(c), and participating interests in any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.17(c)(i) or cash collateralized in a manner consistent with Section 2.17(c)(ii) or (v) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein); and 

67

(e) any amount payable by the Borrowers to a Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise) shall, in lieu of being distributed to such Defaulting Lender when paid by the Borrowers, and in satisfaction of any such payment obligation, be retained by the Administrative Agent in a segregated account and, subject to any requirements of applicable law, be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion (i) first, to the funding of any Loan or the funding or cash collateralization of any participating interest in any Letter of Credit in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent, (ii) second, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and Kimco, held in such account as cash collateral for future funding obligations of the Defaulting Lender under this Agreement, (iii) third, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder, (iv) fourth, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Lender hereunder, (v) fifth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or the Issuing Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or the Issuing Lenders against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, (vi) sixth, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrowers against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, and (vii) seventh, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that, if such payment is a prepayment of the principal amount of any Loans or reimbursement obligations in respect of the Letters of Credit which a Defaulting Lender has not funded, such payment shall be applied solely to prepay the Loans of, and reimbursement obligations owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders pro rata prior to being applied to the prepayment of any Loans, or reimbursement obligations owed to, any Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers and the Issuing Lender each agree that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender (provided that the consent of the Borrowers shall not be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at such time), then the Revolving Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Competitive Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 

SECTION 2.18 Reallocation of Tranche A Commitments and Tranche B Commitments . 

(a) Kimco may, from time to time during the Commitment Period, by written notice to the Administrative Agent (a Reallocation Notice ), increase the aggregate Tranche B Commitments with a corresponding reduction in the aggregate Tranche A Commitments (and without any change in the aggregate Revolving Commitments), and each Tranche B Lender hereby agrees that its Tranche B Commitment will be automatically increased and its Tranche A Commitment will be automatically decreased in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Reallocation Notice, subject to satisfaction of the following conditions: 

68

(i) in such Reallocation Notice, Kimco shall specify the amount of the increase in the aggregate Tranche B Commitments (and the corresponding decrease in the aggregate Tranche A Commitments), which shall be in a minimum amount of 25,000,000 and integral multiples of 5,000,000 in excess thereof and shall not exceed 250,000,000 in the aggregate for all such requested reallocations during the Commitment Period (resulting in aggregate Tranche B Commitments not to exceed 500,000,000); 

(ii) Kimco may make a maximum of three (3) reallocation requests during the term of this Agreement; 

(iii) no reallocation shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the aggregate Tranche A Exposure would exceed the aggregate Tranche A Commitments or the aggregate Tranche B Exposure would exceed the aggregate Tranche B Commitments; 

(iv) no Default exists as of the applicable Reallocation Effective Date; and 

(v) the Borrowers shall prepay any Revolving Credit Loans outstanding on the Reallocation Effective Date (as defined below) (and pay any additional amounts required by Section 2.13) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Tranche A Loans and Tranche B Loans ratable with the revised Tranche A Commitments and Tranche B Commitments. 

(b) Kimco (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall determine the effective date (the Reallocation Effective Date of any reallocation requested in accordance with Section 2.18(a), and the Administrative Agent shall notify Kimco and the Lenders of the Reallocation Effective Date of such reallocation and shall provide Kimco and the Lenders with a revised Schedule 1.1A that sets forth the Tranche A Commitment and Tranche B Commitment of each Lender resulting from such reallocation. 

SECTION 2.19 Sustainability Adjustments . 

(a) Following the date on which Kimco provides a Pricing Certificate in respect of the most recently ended calendar year, (i) the Applicable Margin shall be increased or decreased (or neither increased nor decreased), as applicable, pursuant to the Sustainability Rate Adjustment as set forth in such Pricing Certificate, (ii) the Facility Fee Rate shall be increased or decreased (or neither increased nor decreased), as applicable, pursuant to the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment as set forth in such Pricing Certificate and (iii) the L/C Fee Rate shall be increased or decreased (or neither increased nor decreased), as applicable, pursuant to the Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment as set forth in such Pricing Certificate. For purposes of the foregoing, (A) the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment and the Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment shall be applied as of the fifth Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Pricing Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.19(f) based upon the KPI set forth in such Pricing Certificate and the calculations of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment and the Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment therein (such day, the Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date and (B) each change in the Applicable Margin, the Facility Fee Rate and L/C Fee Rate resulting from a Pricing Certificate shall be effective during the period commencing on and including the applicable Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date and ending on the date immediately preceding the next such Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date (or, in the case of non-delivery of a Pricing Certificate, the last day such Pricing Certificate could have been delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.19(f) ). 

69

(b) For the avoidance of doubt, only one Pricing Certificate may be delivered in respect of any calendar year. It is further understood and agreed that the Applicable Margin and L/C Fee Rate will never be reduced or increased by more than 0.04 and that the Facility Fee Rate will never be reduced or increased by more than 0.01 , pursuant to the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment and the Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment, respectively, during any calendar year. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment to the Applicable Margin, L/C Fee Rate or Facility Fee Rate by reason of meeting the KPI in any year shall not be cumulative year-over-year. Each applicable adjustment shall only apply until the date on which the next adjustment is due to take place. 

(c) It is hereby understood and agreed that if no such Pricing Certificate is delivered by Kimco (or if any Pricing Certificate shall be incomplete and fail to satisfy the requirements set forth in the definition of Pricing Certificate with regard to (i) the 2022 calendar year, the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment and the Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment shall each be 0.00 commencing on the last day such Pricing Certificate could have been delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.19(f) and continuing until Kimco delivers a Pricing Certificate to the Administrative Agent for the applicable calendar year and (ii) a particular calendar year commencing with the 2023 calendar year, the Sustainability Rate Adjustment will be positive 0.04 , the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment will be positive 0.01 , and the Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment will be positive 0.04 commencing on the last day such Pricing Certificate could have been delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.19(f) and continuing until Kimco delivers a Pricing Certificate to the Administrative Agent for the applicable calendar year. 

(d) If (i)(A) any Lender becomes aware of any material inaccuracy in the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment, Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment or the KPI as reported in a Pricing Certificate (any such material inaccuracy, a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy and such Lender delivers, not later than 10 Business Days after obtaining knowledge thereof, a written notice to the Administrative Agent and Kimco describing such Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy in reasonable detail, or (B) Kimco becomes aware of a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy and Kimco and the Administrative Agent shall mutually agree that there was a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy at the time of delivery of a Pricing Certificate, and (ii) a proper calculation of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment, Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment or the KPI would have resulted in an increase in the Applicable Margin, L/C Fee Rate or Facility Fee Rate for any period, Kimco shall be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code (or any comparable event under non-U.S. Debtor Relief Laws), automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent or any Lender), but in any event within 10 Business Days after Kimco has received written notice of (in the case of clause (d)(i)(A) above), or has agreed in writing that there was (in the case of clause (d)(i)(B) above), a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy, an amount equal to the excess of (1) the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over (2) the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, any information in a Pricing Certificate shall be deemed to be not materially inaccurate (and no Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy shall be deemed to have occurred in respect thereof), and any calculation of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment, the Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment or the KPI Metrics shall be deemed proper, and in each case shall not implicate this Section 2.19(d), if such information or calculation was made by Kimco in good faith based on information reasonably available to Kimco at the time that such calculation was made. 

70

It is understood and agreed that any Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default; provided , that , Kimco complies with the terms of this Section 2.19 and Section 6.7(f) with respect to such Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, unless such amounts shall be due upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to a Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code (or any comparable event under non-U.S. Debtor Relief Laws), (a) any additional amounts required to be paid pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph shall not be due and payable until the earlier to occur of (i) written demand for such payment by the Administrative Agent in accordance with such paragraph or (ii) 10 Business Days after Kimco has received written notice of (in the case of clause (d)(i)(A) above), or has agreed in writing that there was (in the case of clause (d)(i)(B) above), a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy (such date, the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date ), (b) any nonpayment of such additional amounts prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date shall not constitute a Default (whether retroactively or otherwise) and (c) none of such additional amounts shall be deemed overdue prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date or shall accrue interest at the Default Rate prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date. 

(e) Each party hereto hereby agrees that none of the Sustainability Structuring Agent, the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger or any Lender shall have any responsibility for (or liability in respect of) reviewing, auditing or otherwise evaluating any calculation by Kimco of any Sustainability Rate Adjustment, Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment or Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment (or any of the data or computations that are part of or related to any such calculation) set forth in any Pricing Certificate (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry). 

(f) As soon as available and in any event within 240 days following the end of each calendar year (commencing with the calendar year ending December 31, 2022), Kimco shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a Pricing Certificate for the most recently ended calendar year; provided , that , for any calendar year Kimco may elect not to deliver a Pricing Certificate, and such election shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default (but such failure to so deliver a Pricing Certificate by the end of such 240-day period shall result in the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, the Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment and the Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment being applied as set forth in clause (c) above. 

ARTICLE III 
 
LETTERS OF CREDIT 

SECTION 3.1 L/C Commitment . 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Issuing Lender, in reliance on the agreements of the Lenders set forth in Section 3.4(a), agrees to issue Letters of Credit for the account of any Borrower on any Business Day during the Commitment Period other than the last ten (10) Business Days thereof in such form as may be acceptable from time to time to such Issuing Lender; provided that no Issuing Lender shall issue any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, (i) the sum of the L/C Exposure of all the Lenders would exceed the L/C Commitment, (ii) the sum of the Tranche A Exposure of all the Lenders would exceed the sum of the Tranche A Commitments of all the Lenders, (iii) the sum of the Tranche B Exposure of all the Lenders would exceed the sum of the Tranche B Commitments of all the Lenders, (iv) the Available Commitment of any Lender would be less than zero, (v) the sum of the Revolving Exposure of all the Lenders plus the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Competitive Loans would exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments or (vi) unless such Issuing Lender otherwise agrees, the L/C Obligations with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Lender would exceed its Issuing Lender Commitment. No Issuing Lender shall have any obligation to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit (A) the beneficiary of which is a Sanctioned Person, (B) to fund any prohibited activity or business with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of such issuance is the subject of any Sanctions or (C) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement. 

71

(b) Each Letter of Credit (i) shall be denominated (x) in the case of Tranche A Letters of Credit, only in Dollars, or (y) in the case of Tranche B Letters of Credit, in Dollars or in an Alternate Currency, (ii) shall be available by sight payment (rather than by acceptance, by deferred payment or by negotiation), (iii) shall be a standby letter of credit issued to support obligations of Kimco and its Subsidiaries, contingent or otherwise, incurred in the ordinary course of business and (iv) shall expire no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Termination Date (such expiration date, the Letter of Credit Expiration Date provided , that a Letter of Credit may expire after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date if (x) such Letter of Credit shall be cash collateralized (or backstopped by another letter of credit in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Issuing Lender and from a financial institution reasonably acceptable to the Issuing Lender) on or before the date that is ten (10) Business Days prior to the Termination Date in an amount equal to 103 of the face amount of such Letter of Credit and on customary terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) such Letter of Credit shall expire no later than one year after the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (or in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension). 

(c) Each Letter of Credit shall be subject to the Uniform Customs or the ISP and, to the extent not inconsistent therewith, the laws of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction requested by the applicable Borrower and acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender in their sole discretion. 

(d) The Issuing Lender shall not at any time be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit hereunder if (i) such issuance would conflict with, or cause the Issuing Lender or any L/C Participant to exceed any limits imposed by, any applicable Requirement of Law or (ii) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Lender from issuing such Letter of Credit or request that such Issuing Lender refrain from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Lender shall prohibit the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular, or any such order, judgment, decree or law shall impose upon such Issuing Lender with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital or liquidity requirement (for which such Issuing Lender is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date and that is material to such Issuing Lender, or shall impose upon such Issuing Lender any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Effective Date and that is material to such Issuing Lender. 

SECTION 3.2 Procedure for Issuance of Letters of Credit . 

Each Borrower may from time to time request that the Issuing Lender issue (or amend, renew or extend) a Letter of Credit by delivering to the Issuing Lender, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, in each case, at the applicable address for notices specified herein (i) an Application therefor, specifying whether such Letter of Credit is to be a Tranche A Letter of Credit (in which case such Letter of Credit when issued shall be deemed to use the Tranche A Commitments to the extent of the amount of such Letter of Credit) or a Tranche B Letter of Credit (in which case such Letter of Credit when issued shall be deemed to use the Tranche B Commitments to the extent of the amount of each Letter of Credit) and otherwise completed to the satisfaction of the Issuing Lender, and (ii) such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as the Issuing Lender may request. Upon receipt of any Application, the Issuing Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the limitations contained in Section 3.1(a) shall not be violated and shall then process such Application and the certificates, documents and other papers and information delivered to it in connection therewith in accordance with its customary procedures and shall promptly issue (or amend, renew or extend) the Letter of Credit requested thereby (but in no event shall the Issuing Lender be required to issue (or amend, renew or extend) any Letter of Credit earlier than three (3) Business Days after its receipt of the Application therefor and all such other certificates, documents and other papers and information relating thereto) by issuing the original of such Letter of Credit (or amendment, renewal or extension) to the beneficiary thereof or as otherwise may be agreed by the Issuing Lender and the applicable Borrower. The Issuing Lender shall furnish a copy of such Letter of Credit (or amendment, renewal or extension) to the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly following the issuance thereof, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders thereof. 

72

SECTION 3.3 Fees and Other Charges . 

(a) The applicable Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Lender and the L/C Participants (in the case of a Tranche A Letter of Credit, having Tranche A Commitments, and, in the case of a Tranche B Letter of Credit, having Tranche B Commitments), a letter of credit fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued for its account at a per annum rate, for each day during the period from and including the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to and including the first date thereafter on which such Letter of Credit shall expire or be cancelled or fully drawn, equal to the L/C Fee Rate in effect on such day, calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, of the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on such day. In addition, the applicable Borrower shall pay to the Issuing Lender for its own account a fronting fee of 0.100 per annum on the Dollar Equivalent of the undrawn and unexpired amount of each Letter of Credit issued for its account. Letter of credit fees and fronting fees pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable in Dollars quarterly in arrears on each L/C Fee Payment Date to occur while the relevant Letter of Credit is outstanding and shall be nonrefundable. 

(b) In addition to the foregoing fees, the applicable Borrower shall pay or reimburse the Issuing Lender in Dollars for such normal and customary costs and expenses as are incurred or charged by the Issuing Lender in issuing, effecting payment under, amending or otherwise administering any Letter of Credit issued for its account. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, distribute to the Issuing Lender and the applicable L/C Participants all fees received by the Administrative Agent for their respective accounts pursuant to this Section 3.3. 

SECTION 3.4 L/C Participations . 

(a) The Issuing Lender irrevocably agrees to grant and hereby grants to each L/C Participant (in the case of a Tranche A Letter of Credit, having Tranche A Commitments, and, in the case of a Tranche B Letter of Credit, having Tranche B Commitments), and, to induce the Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, each applicable L/C Participant irrevocably agrees to accept and purchase and hereby accepts and purchases from the Issuing Lender, on the terms and conditions hereinafter stated, for such L/C Participant s own account and risk an undivided interest equal to such L/C Participant s Applicable Percentage of the Tranche A Commitments or Tranche B Commitments, as applicable, in the Issuing Lender s obligations and rights in respect of each Letter of Credit issued hereunder (and in respect of each amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement) and the amount of each draft or other demand for payment paid by the Issuing Lender thereunder. Each applicable L/C Participant unconditionally and irrevocably agrees with the Issuing Lender that, if the Issuing Lender notifies it that a draft or other demand for payment has been paid under any Letter of Credit for which the Issuing Lender has not been reimbursed in full by the applicable Borrower in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such L/C Participant shall pay to the Issuing Lender upon demand at the Issuing Lender s address for notices specified herein an amount equal to such L/C Participant s Applicable Percentage of the Tranche A Commitments or the Tranche B Commitments, as applicable, of the amount of such draft or other demand for payment, or any part thereof, which is not so reimbursed. 

73

(b) If any amount required to be paid by any L/C Participant to the Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.4(a) in respect of any unreimbursed portion of any payment made by the Issuing Lender under any Letter of Credit is paid to the Issuing Lender within three (3) Business Days after the date such payment is due, such L/C Participant shall pay to the Issuing Lender on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) the Dollar Equivalent of such amount, times (ii) the daily average Federal Funds Effective Rate, as quoted by the Issuing Lender, during the period from and including the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Issuing Lender, times (iii) a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse during such period and the denominator of which is 360. If any such amount required to be paid by any L/C Participant pursuant to Section 3.4(a) is not in fact made available to the Issuing Lender by such L/C Participant within three (3) Business Days after the date such payment is due, the Issuing Lender shall be entitled to recover from such L/C Participant, on demand, such amount with interest thereon calculated from such due date at the rate per annum applicable to ABR Loans hereunder (or, if such Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternate Currency, the rate per annum applicable to Term Benchmark Loans for Interest Periods of one month). A certificate of the Issuing Lender submitted to any L/C Participant with respect to any amounts owing under this Section shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 

(c) Whenever, at any time after the Issuing Lender has made payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any L/C Participant its pro rata share of such payment in accordance with this Section 3.4, the Issuing Lender receives any payment related to such Letter of Credit (whether directly from the applicable Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of any collateral applied thereto by the Issuing Lender), or any payment of interest on account thereof, the Issuing Lender will promptly distribute to such L/C Participant its pro rata share thereof; provided that in the event that any such payment received by the Issuing Lender shall be required to be returned by the Issuing Lender, such L/C Participant shall return to the Issuing Lender the portion thereof previously distributed by the Issuing Lender to it. 

SECTION 3.5 Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrowers . 

(a) Each Borrower agrees to reimburse the Issuing Lender on each date on which the Issuing Lender notifies such Borrower of the date and amount of a draft or other demand for payment presented under any Letter of Credit issued for its account and paid by the Issuing Lender for the amount in the currency of such Letter of Credit of (i) such draft or other demand so paid (which reimbursement may be effected through the procedure described in Section 3.5(c)) and (ii) any taxes, fees, charges or other costs or expenses (including post-judgment taxes, fees, charges or other costs or expenses) incurred by the Issuing Lender in connection with such payment. Each such payment shall be made to the Issuing Lender at its address for notices specified herein in the currency of such Letter of Credit and in immediately available funds. 

(b) Interest shall be payable on the Dollar Equivalent of any and all amounts remaining unpaid by the applicable Borrower under this Article III from the date such amounts become payable (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) until payment in full at the rate which would be payable on any outstanding ABR Loans which were then overdue. 

74

(c) Each drawing under any Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars shall constitute a request by the applicable Borrower to the Administrative Agent for a borrowing pursuant to Section 2.2(d) of ABR Loans in the amount of such drawing. The Borrowing Date with respect to such borrowing shall be the date of such drawing. 

SECTION 3.6 Obligations Absolute . 

(a) Each Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment which such Borrower may have or have had against the Issuing Lender, any L/C Participant or any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit. 

(b) Each Borrower also agrees that the Issuing Lender and the L/C Participants shall not be responsible for, and such Borrower s Reimbursement Obligations under Section 3.5(a) shall not be affected by, among other things, (i) the validity or genuineness of documents or of any endorsements thereon, even though such documents shall in fact prove to be invalid, fraudulent or forged, or (ii) any dispute between or among such Borrower and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred, (iii) any claims whatsoever of such Borrower against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any such transferee, (iv) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, or (v) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of a Borrower s obligations hereunder. 

(c) The Issuing Lender shall not be liable for any error, omission, interruption or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of Credit, except for direct damages resulting from errors or omissions caused by the Issuing Lender s gross negligence, willful misconduct or material breach of its obligations under this Agreement (as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). 

(d) Each Borrower agrees that any action taken or omitted by the Issuing Lender under or in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for its account or the related drafts or documents, if done in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct and in accordance with any applicable standard of care specified in the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York (or other law applicable to such Letters of Credit), shall be binding on such Borrower and shall not result in any liability of the Issuing Lender or any L/C Participant to such Borrower. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that (i) with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (ii) the Issuing Lender may, in its sole discretion, (x) assert or waive application of Article 17 and Article 45 of the Uniform Customs, or (y) accept as a draft any written demand or request for payment under a Letter of Credit even if non-negotiable or not in the form of a draft, and (iii) with respect to documents presented which the Issuing Lender determines do not appear on their face to comply with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender may, in its sole discretion, approach the applicable Borrower for a waiver of the discrepancy(ies), but neither requesting such a waiver from such Borrower nor receiving such a waiver from such Borrower shall obligate the Issuing Lender to make payment against such documents. The applicable Borrower will notify the Issuing Lender in writing of any objection such Borrower may have to the Issuing Lender s issuance or amendment of any Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender s honor or dishonor of any presentation under any Letter of Credit, or any other action or inaction taken or proposed to be taken by the Issuing Lender under or in connection with this Agreement or any Letter of Credit. The applicable Borrower s notice of objection must be delivered to the Issuing Lender within five (5) Business Days after such Borrower receives notice of the action or inaction it objects to. Any Borrower s failure to give such notice of objection within five (5) Business Days after such Borrower s actual receipt of notice of the action or inaction it objects to shall automatically waive such Borrower s objection, authorize or ratify the Issuing Lender s action or inaction, and preclude such Borrower from raising the objection as a defense or claim against the Issuing Lender. 

75

SECTION 3.7 Letter of Credit Payments . 

If any draft or other demand for payment shall be presented for payment under any Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the terms of the Letter of Credit, examine all documents purporting to be a demand for payment and promptly after such examination notify the applicable Borrower of the date and amount thereof. The responsibility of the Issuing Lender to the applicable Borrower in connection with any draft or other demand for payment presented for payment under any Letter of Credit issued for such Borrower s account shall, in addition to any payment obligation expressly provided for in such Letter of Credit, be limited to determining that the documents (including each draft or other demand for payment) delivered under such Letter of Credit in connection with such presentment appear on their face to be in conformity with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit. 

SECTION 3.8 Applications . 

To the extent that any provision of any Application related to any Letter of Credit is inconsistent with the provisions of this Article III, the provisions of this Article III shall apply. 

SECTION 3.9 Replacement of the Issuing Lender; Alternate Issuing Lender . 

(a) The Issuing Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Lender and the successor Issuing Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrowers shall, jointly and severally, pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Lender. From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Lender under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Lender, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Lender hereunder, the replaced Issuing Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Lender under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 

(b) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Lender, any Issuing Lender may resign as an Issuing Lender at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, Kimco and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuing Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 3.9(a) above. 

(c) Kimco may request that a Lender other than one of the Lead Lenders (such Lender, an Alternate Issuing Lender be an Issuing Lender; provided that (i) no Lender shall have any obligation to serve as such Alternate Issuing Lender, (ii) any such Alternate Issuing Lender must agree to such customary record-keeping and reporting requirements relating to the applicable Letter(s) of Credit as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably require in connection with the Revolving Credit Facility and (iii) such Alternate Issuing Lender shall deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date that such Lender becomes an Alternate Issuing Lender setting forth such Alternate Issuing Lender s Issuing Lender Commitment. 

76

SECTION 3.10 Existing Letters of Credit . 

Schedule 3.10 (existing Letters of Credit) contains a schedule of certain letters of credit issued by the applicable Existing Issuing Lender prior to the effectiveness of the amendment and restatement contemplated hereby for the account of the applicable account parties under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement. Upon the effectiveness of the amendment and restatement contemplated hereby, such letters of credit, to the extent outstanding, shall be deemed, automatically and without further action by the parties thereto, to be Tranche A Letters of Credit or Tranche B Letters of Credit, as shown on such Schedule, issued by the applicable Issuing Lender pursuant to this Article III and subject to the provisions hereof. 

SECTION 3.11 Increase of L/C Commitment . Kimco may from time to time request increases in the amount of the L/C Commitment, in minimum increments of 5,000,000 (or whole multiples of 1,000,000 in excess of 5,000,000), provided that the total amount by which the L/C Commitment may be increased under this Section 3.11 shall be limited to 150,000,000 in the aggregate (resulting in a total L/C Commitment not to exceed 250,000,000). Any Issuing Lender or, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and Kimco, any additional bank, financial institution or other entity that is not then an Issuing Lender may elect to become an Issuing Lender hereunder and may increase its (or make an) Issuing Lender Commitment. No Issuing Lender or Lender shall have any obligation to increase its Issuing Lender Commitment. The form of documentation pursuant to which any such Issuing Lender Commitments and L/C Commitment are increased or obtained shall be customary and must be acceptable to Kimco and the Administrative Agent (each acting reasonably). Each increase of the Issuing Lender Commitments and L/C Commitment under this Section 3.11 is subject to the following conditions: 

(a) Each of the representations and warranties made by Kimco in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language, true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects) on and as of the date of such increase as if made on and as of such date except for representations and warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; and 

(b) No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such increase, after giving effect thereto. 

ARTICLE IV 
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

To induce the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement, to make or maintain the Revolving Credit Loans and Competitive Loans, and to issue or participate in the Letters of Credit, Kimco hereby represents and warrants, on the Effective Date and (other than with respect to the representations and warranties contained in Sections 4.2, 4.6 and 4.22) on each Representation and Warranty Date, as to itself only, and not as to any other Loan Party (and, solely with respect to the representations and warranties contained in Sections 4.3(b) (only as to itself and not as to its Subsidiaries), 4.4, 4.5(b), 4.13, 4.14, 4.15, 4.16 and 4.22 (the Baseline Representations and Warranties ), on any applicable Subsidiary Borrower Representation and Warranty Date in respect of a specific Subsidiary Borrower, such Subsidiary Borrower hereby represents and warrants as to itself) to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, and each Lender that: 

77

SECTION 4.1 Financial Condition . 

The consolidated balance sheet of Kimco and its subsidiaries as at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021 and the related consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for the respective fiscal years ended on such dates, reported on by PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to the Lenders, are complete and correct and present fairly the consolidated financial condition of Kimco and its subsidiaries as at such dates, as applicable and the consolidated results of their operations and their consolidated cash flows for the applicable fiscal year then ended. All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.1 , neither Kimco nor any of the Consolidated Entities has, at the Effective Date, any material Indebtedness, Guarantee Obligation, contingent liability or liability for taxes, or any unusual forward or long-term commitment, including any interest rate or foreign currency swap or exchange transaction, which is not reflected in the foregoing statements or in the notes thereto. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.1 , during the period from September 30, 2022 to and including the Effective Date there has been no sale, transfer or other disposition by Kimco or any of the Consolidated Entities of any material part of its business or property and no purchase or other acquisition of any business or property (including any capital stock of any other Person) material in relation to the consolidated financial condition of Kimco and the Consolidated Entities at September 30, 2022. 

SECTION 4.2 No Change . 

Since September 30, 2022, there has been no development or event nor any prospective development or event, which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 4.3 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law . 

(a) Kimco (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has the power and authority, and the legal right, to own and operate its property, to lease the property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, (iii) is duly qualified and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent the failure to be so qualified and in good standing could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iv) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law except to the extent that the failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Each Subsidiary (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has the corporate (or limited partnership or limited liability company or other form of organization, as applicable) power and authority, and the legal right, to own and operate its property, to lease the property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, (iii) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation (or limited partnership or limited liability company or other form of organization, as applicable) and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, and (iv) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law except, in the case of clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, as could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

78

SECTION 4.4 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . 

Each applicable Loan Party has the corporate (or limited partnership or limited liability company or other form of organization, as applicable) power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform each Loan Document to which it is a party and, in the case of each applicable Borrower, to borrow and request the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder, and each applicable Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate (or limited partnership or limited liability company or other form of organization, as applicable) action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of each Loan Document to which it is a party and, in the case of each applicable Borrower, the borrowings and requests for Letters of Credit on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. No consent or authorization of, filing with or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required in connection with the borrowings and requests for Letters of Credit hereunder or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of any Loan Document. Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each applicable Loan Party party thereto. Each Loan Document constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each applicable Loan Party party thereto enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 

SECTION 4.5 No Legal Bar . 

(a) The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the Borrowings and requests for Letters of Credit hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof will not violate any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of Kimco and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of its properties or revenues pursuant to any such Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation, except, in each case, where the same could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the Borrowings and requests for Letters of Credit hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof will not violate any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of the applicable Loan Party other than Kimco and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of its properties or revenues pursuant to any such Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation, except, in each of the foregoing cases, where the same could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 4.6 No Material Litigation . 

No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the actual knowledge of Kimco, threatened in writing by or against Ultimate Parent, Kimco or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of its or their respective properties or revenues which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 4.7 No Default . 

Neither Kimco nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations in any respect which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

79

SECTION 4.8 Ownership of Property . 

Each of Kimco and its Subsidiaries has good record title in fee simple to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all of its material real property, and good title to all of its other material property, except, in each case, where failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 4.9 Intellectual Property . 

Kimco and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, trade names, copyrights, technology, know-how and processes Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted except for those the failure to own or license which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use of any Intellectual Property or the validity or effectiveness of any Intellectual Property, nor does Kimco know of any valid basis for any such claim, except, in each case, for any claim that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The use of such Intellectual Property by Kimco and its Subsidiaries does not infringe on the rights of any Person, except for such claims and infringements that, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 4.10 No Burdensome Restrictions; Disclosure . 

No Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation of Kimco or any of its Subsidiaries could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No written information, other than financial projections and information of a general economic or industry nature, furnished by Kimco or by any of its representatives on Kimco s behalf to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when furnished and when taken as a whole, contained any untrue statement of material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, taken as a whole, not materially misleading in the light of the circumstances under which they were made; provided that, with respect to financial projections made available by Kimco or by any of its representatives on Kimco s behalf to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder, Kimco represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time when made, it being understood and agreed that projections are by their nature inherently uncertain and are not a guarantee of financial performance, that actual results may differ from projections and that such differences may be material 

SECTION 4.11 Taxes . 

Each of Kimco and its Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns which, to the actual knowledge of Kimco, are required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than (a) any taxes, fees, or other charges the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of Kimco or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect); no tax Lien has been filed, and, to the actual knowledge of Kimco, no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such tax, fee or other charge. 

80

SECTION 4.12 Federal Regulations . 

No part of the proceeds of any Revolving Credit Loan or Competitive Loan and no Letter of Credit will be used for purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U of the Board as now and from time to time hereafter in effect or for any purpose which violates the provisions of the Regulations of the Board. If requested by the Administrative Agent, each Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form U-1 referred to in said Regulation U. 

SECTION 4.13 ERISA . 

No Reportable Event has occurred during the five-year period prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made with respect to any Plan, and each Plan has complied in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code. The present value of all accrued benefits under each Single Employer Plan maintained by Kimco or any Commonly Controlled Entity (based on those assumptions used to fund the Plans) did not, as of the last annual valuation date prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made, exceed the value of the assets of such Plan allocable to such accrued benefits. Neither any Borrower nor any Commonly Controlled Entity has had a complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan, and neither any Borrower nor any Commonly Controlled Entity would become subject to any liability under ERISA if such Borrower or any such Commonly Controlled Entity were to withdraw completely from all Multiemployer Plans as of the valuation date most closely preceding the date on which this representation is made or deemed made. No such Multiemployer Plan is in Reorganization or Insolvent. The present value (determined using actuarial and other assumptions which are reasonable in respect of the benefits provided and the employees participating) of the liability of the Borrowers and each Commonly Controlled Entity for post-retirement benefits to be provided to their current and former employees under Plans which are welfare benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) equals or exceeds the assets under all such Plans allocable to such benefits. 

SECTION 4.14 Investment Company Act . 

No Borrower is an investment company , or a company controlled by an investment company , within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

SECTION 4.15 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . 

Neither any Borrower nor any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Kimco, nor any director or senior officer of a Borrower, nor, to the actual knowledge of Kimco, any director or senior officer of any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Kimco, is the subject of Sanctions or a Sanctioned Person. No part of the proceeds of the Loans and no Letter of Credit shall be used by a Borrower in violation of Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. Each of the Borrowers and each Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Kimco is in compliance, in all material respects, with the Patriot Act, Anti-Corruption Laws, and applicable Sanctions. 

SECTION 4.16 Purpose . 

The proceeds of the Revolving Credit Loans and the Competitive Loans and the Letters of Credit on and after the Effective Date shall be used by the Borrowers for general corporate purposes. 

81

SECTION 4.17 Environmental Matters . 

Each of the following representations and warranties is true and correct on and as of the Effective Date except to the extent that the facts and circumstances giving rise to any such failure to be so true and correct, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: 

(a) To the best knowledge of Kimco, the Properties do not contain, and have not previously contained, any Materials of Environmental Concern in amounts or concentrations which constitute or constituted a violation of, or could reasonably give rise to liability under, Environmental Laws. 

(b) To the best knowledge of Kimco, the Properties and all operations at the Properties are in compliance, and have in the last two years been in compliance, with all applicable Environmental Laws, and there is no contamination at, under or about the Properties, or violation of any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties. 

(c) Neither Kimco nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice of violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Properties, nor does Kimco have knowledge or reason to believe that any such notice will be received . 

(d) To the best knowledge of Kimco, Materials of Environmental Concern have not been transported or disposed of from the Properties in violation of, or in a manner or to a location which could reasonably give rise to liability under, Environmental Laws, nor have any Materials of Environmental Concern been generated, treated, stored or disposed of at, on or under any of the Properties in violation of, or in a manner that could give rise to liability under, any applicable Environmental Laws. 

(e) No judicial proceeding or governmental or administrative action is pending, or, to the knowledge of Kimco, threatened in writing, under any Environmental Law to which Kimco or any of its Subsidiaries is or, to the actual knowledge of Kimco, will be named as a party with respect to the Properties, nor are there any consent decrees or other decrees, consent orders, administrative orders or other orders, or other administrative of judicial requirements outstanding under any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties. 

(f) To the best knowledge of Kimco, there has been no release or threat of release of Materials of Environmental Concern at or from the Properties, or arising from or related to the operations of Kimco and its Subsidiaries in connection with the Properties in violation of or in amounts or in a manner that could give rise to liability under Environmental Laws. 

SECTION 4.18 Insurance . 

Kimco and each Subsidiary maintains with insurance companies rated at least A- by A.M. Best Co., with premiums at all times currently paid, insurance upon fixed assets and inventories, including public liability insurance, fire and all other risks insured against by extended coverage, fidelity bond coverage, business interruption insurance, and all insurance required by law, all in form and amounts required by law and customary to the respective natures of their businesses and properties, except in cases where failure to maintain such insurance will not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

82

SECTION 4.19 Condition of Properties . 

Each of the following representations and warranties is true and correct except to the extent that the facts and circumstances giving rise to any such failure to be so true and correct, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: 

(a) All of the improvements located on the Properties and the use of said improvements comply and shall continue to comply in all material respects with all applicable zoning resolutions, building codes, subdivision and other similar applicable laws, rules and regulations and are covered by existing valid certificates of occupancy and all other certificates and permits required by applicable laws, rules, regulations and ordinances or in connection with the use, occupancy and operation thereof. 

(b) No material portion of any of the Properties, nor any improvements located on said Properties that are material to the operation, use or value thereof, have been damaged in any respect as a result of any fire, explosion, accident, flood or other casualty. 

(c) No condemnation or eminent domain proceeding has been commenced or to the knowledge of Kimco is about to be commenced against any portion of any of the Properties, or any improvements located thereon that are material to the operation, use or value of said Properties except as set forth and described in Schedule 4.19 . 

(d) No notices of violation of any federal, state or local law or ordinance or order or requirement have been issued with respect to any Properties. 

SECTION 4.20 [ Reserved ]. 

SECTION 4.21 REIT Status . 

Ultimate Parent is an equity-oriented real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, unless (i) the Board of Directors of Ultimate Parent shall have determined in good faith that it is in the best interests of Ultimate Parent to no longer maintain such status and (ii) Ultimate Parent s no longer maintaining such status does not materially adversely affect the interests of the Lenders. 

SECTION 4.22 Solvency . 

On the Effective Date (after giving effect to the making of any Loan on the Effective Date and the issuance, renewal, extension or amendment of any Letter of Credit on the Effective Date), each of (a) Kimco and (b) each Subsidiary Borrower party hereto as of the Effective Date is Solvent. 

SECTION 4.23 Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 

83

ARTICLE V 
 
CONDITIONS 

SECTION 5.1 Conditions to Effectiveness / Effective Date . 

The amendment and restatement of the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement effected hereby and the effectiveness of this Agreement and the availability of the Revolving Credit Facility hereunder, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions (or the waiver of such conditions in accordance with Section 10.1): 

(a) Credit Agreement . The Administrative Agent shall have received from each party hereto (which parties include each Existing Revolving Lender, the Administrative Agent and each Existing Issuing Lender) either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 

(b) No Material Adverse Effect . There shall not have occurred or become known to the Lead Lenders or the Joint Lead Arrangers any material adverse condition or material adverse change in the business, operations, property or financial condition of Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole since September 30, 2022. 

(c) Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by Kimco in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Effective Date except for representations and warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects as of the Effective Date. 

(d) Financial Statements . The Lenders shall have received (i) unqualified audited consolidated financial statements of Kimco for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, and (ii) unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of Kimco for each quarterly period (other than the fourth quarter of any fiscal year) ended both (x) subsequent to the date of the latest financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph and (y) at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date, in each case prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

(e) Existing Revolving Lenders . All loans and other amounts owing to the Existing Revolving Lenders under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement shall have been paid in full in accordance with clause (f) below. 

(f) Interest, Fees, Breakage Costs and Expenses . JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement or this Agreement, as applicable, shall have received payment (which may be from proceeds of the initial Loans under this Agreement) of (i) for the account of the Existing Revolving Lenders, (A) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all of the Existing Revolving Loans, (B) all interest, fees and expenses accrued to but excluding the Effective Date owed to such Existing Revolving Lenders under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement or any fee letter referred to therein or relating thereto, (C) any and all amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.13 of the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement (it being agreed that with respect to each Existing Revolving Lender such amount is zero), and (ii) for the account of the applicable payee, all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date under or in connection with the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement or this Agreement, including pursuant to the Fee Letter and, to the extent invoiced at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrowers hereunder. 

84

(g) Legal Opinion . The Administrative Agent shall have received, with a counterpart for the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Issuing Lender, the executed legal opinions of Venable LLP and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen Katz, counsel to the Loan Parties, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Borrowers hereby request such counsel to deliver such opinion. 

(h) Notes; Parent Guaranty . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) from each Borrower a signed Revolving Credit Note and from Kimco a signed Competitive Loan Note, in each case, for the account of each Lender that notified the Administrative Agent and Kimco of its request for Notes at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date and (ii) from the Ultimate Parent, a signed guaranty. 

(i) Closing Certificates . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from a Responsible Officer of Kimco, dated the Effective Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit E , (i) in the case of Kimco, confirming compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 5.1 and in Section 5.2 and, (ii) in each case, certifying, among other things, as to the names and offices of the Persons authorized to sign the Loan Documents to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof by each such Loan Party, together with the signatures of each such Person and a certificate of another Responsible Officer, certifying as to the name, office, and signature of such first Responsible Officer. 

(j) Organizational Documents, Etc . The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of each Borrower and the Ultimate Parent, and the authorization of each Borrower and the Ultimate Parent in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, certified to be true, correct and complete by a Responsible Officer as of the Effective Date. 

(k) Patriot Act . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all documentation and other information regarding the Borrowers reasonably requested by them of the Borrowers in writing at least 10 Business Days prior to the Closing Date that is required in order to comply with their ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 

The Administrative Agent shall notify Kimco, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 

SECTION 5.2 Conditions to Each Extension of Credit . 

The agreement of each Lender to make a Loan (other than a Loan to fund an Excluded Borrowing) and of the Issuing Lender to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Representations and Warranties . On each applicable Representation and Warranty Date, each of the representations and warranties made by Kimco in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language, true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects as of the applicable Representation and Warranty Date) on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date except for (i) representations and warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date and (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4.2, 4.6 and 4.22. 

85

(b) No Default . On each applicable Representation and Warranty Date, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date or after giving effect to the extension of credit requested to be made on such date. 

(c) Baseline Representations and Warranties . In the case of the making of any Loan (other than a Loan to fund an Excluded Borrowing) to, or the issuance, renewal, extension or amendment of any Letter of Credit for the account of, any Subsidiary Borrower, then on each applicable Subsidiary Borrower Representation and Warranty Date, each of the Baseline Representations and Warranties made by the applicable Subsidiary Borrower in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language, true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects as of the applicable Subsidiary Borrower Representation and Warranty Date) on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date except for representations and warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date. 

Each Borrowing (other than an Excluded Borrowing) by, or issuance, renewal, extension or amendment of a Letter of Credit on behalf of, any Borrower hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty, as of the date of such extension of credit (or renewal, extension or amendment of a Letter of Credit), (i) by Kimco in all cases that the conditions contained in Section 5.2 (a) and (b) have been satisfied, and (ii) if the applicable Borrower is a Subsidiary Borrower, by such Subsidiary Borrower that the conditions contained in Section 5.2(c) have been satisfied. 

ARTICLE VI 
 
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

So long as the Revolving Commitments remain in effect, any Competitive Loan or any Revolving Credit Loan remains outstanding and unpaid, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding, any Reimbursement Obligation remains unpaid in respect of any Letter of Credit, or any other amount is owing to any Lender, the Issuing Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder, Kimco hereby agrees as set forth in Sections 6.1 through 6.8, inclusive, and each applicable Subsidiary Borrower hereby agrees as set forth in Section 6.9, that: 

SECTION 6.1 Financial Statements . 

Kimco shall furnish to the Administrative Agent (with sufficient copies for each Lender and the Issuing Lender): 

(a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of Ultimate Parent, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and of cash flows of Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the previous year, reported on without a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, by PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing; and 

86

(b) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 45 days after the end of each of the first three (3) quarterly periods of each fiscal year of Ultimate Parent, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and of cash flows of Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period, as the case may be, in the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated in all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments); 

all such financial statements shall be complete and correct in all material respects and shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior periods (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed therein). 

The Administrative Agent shall make available to the Lenders (which the Administrative Agent may effect by electronic posting) the materials furnished to it pursuant to this Section. 

SECTION 6.2 Certificates; Other Information . 

Kimco shall furnish to the Administrative Agent (with sufficient copies for each Lender and the Issuing Lender (in the case of clauses (b)-(c) below) or each relevant Lender or Issuing Lender (in the case of clause (e) below)): 

(a) [reserved]; 

(b) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.1(a) and 6.1(b), a compliance certificate of a Responsible Officer of Kimco substantially in the form of Exhibit F ; 

(c) within ten (10) days after the same are sent, copies of all financial statements and reports which Ultimate Parent sends to its stockholders, and within ten (10) days after the same are filed, copies of all financial statements, reports or other documents which Ultimate Parent may make to, or file with, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor or analogous Governmental Authority; 

(d) promptly, upon request of the Administrative Agent, a list of all Entities, and such additional financial information, information with respect to any Property and other information as any Lender or the Issuing Lender may from time to time reasonably request (through the Administrative Agent), including information and documentation needed for compliance with applicable know-your-customer rules and regulations and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act; and 

(e) promptly, such other information regarding sustainability matters and practices of the Ultimate Parent, Kimco or any Subsidiary (including with respect to corporate governance, environmental, social and employee matters, respect for human rights, anti-corruption and anti-bribery) as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request for purposes of compliance with any legal or regulatory requirement. 

87

The Administrative Agent shall make available to the Lenders (which the Administrative Agent may effect by electronic posting) the materials furnished to it pursuant to this Section. 

SECTION 6.3 Payment of Obligations . 

Kimco shall pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all its obligations of whatever nature, except (a) where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of Kimco, (b) Non Recourse Indebtedness to the extent that Kimco has determined in good faith that it is in its best interests to contest or not pay such Non-Recourse Indebtedness or (c) other obligations which aggregate not more than 50,000,000 to the extent that Kimco has determined in good faith that it is in its best interests to contest or not pay such other obligations. 

SECTION 6.4 Maintenance of Existence, etc . 

Kimco shall: 

(a) Preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its organizational existence and take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business except as otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 7.2. 

(b) Comply with all Contractual Obligations and Requirements of Law except to the extent that failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 6.5 Maintenance of Property; Insurance . 

Kimco shall keep all property useful and necessary in its business in good working order and condition; maintain insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies rated at least A- by A.M. Best Co. on all of its property in at least such amounts and against at least such risks (but including in any event public liability, product liability and business interruption) as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business; and furnish to each Lender and the Issuing Lender, upon written request, full information as to the insurance carried. 

SECTION 6.6 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions . 

Kimco shall keep proper books of records and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP and all Requirements of Law shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities; and permit representatives of any Lender or the Issuing Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records at any reasonable time and as often as may reasonably be desired and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of Kimco and its Subsidiaries with officers and employees of Kimco and its Subsidiaries and with its independent certified public accountants. 

88

SECTION 6.7 Notices . 

Kimco shall promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and each Lender of: 

(a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 

(b) any (i) default or event of default under any Contractual Obligation of Kimco or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) litigation, investigation or proceeding which may exist at any time between Kimco or any of its Subsidiaries and any Governmental Authority, which in either case, if not cured or if adversely determined, as the case may be, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(c) any litigation or administrative or other proceeding affecting Kimco or any of its Subsidiaries in which the amount involved is 50,000,000 or more on an individual basis (or 100,000,000 or more in the aggregate together with all other such litigations or administrative or other proceedings affecting Kimco or any of its Subsidiaries) and not covered by insurance or in which material injunctive or similar relief is sought, or the occurrence in respect of any Guarantor of any case, proceeding, event, or circumstance of the nature set forth in paragraph (f) of Article VIII; 

(d) the following events, as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days after Kimco knows or has reason to know thereof: (i) the occurrence or expected occurrence of any Reportable Event with respect to any Plan, a failure to make any required contribution to a Plan, the creation of any Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Plan or any withdrawal from, or the termination, Reorganization or Insolvency of, any Multiemployer Plan or (ii) the institution of proceedings or the taking of any other action by the PBGC or Kimco or any Commonly Controlled Entity or any Multiemployer Plan with respect to the withdrawal from, or the terminating, Reorganization or Insolvency of, any Plan; 

(e) any development or event which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(f) any Responsible Officer of Kimco obtaining actual knowledge of a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy (other than as a result of receipt of a notice of the type described in Section 2.19(d)(i)(A)). 

Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.7 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of Kimco setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action Kimco proposes to take with respect thereto. 

The Administrative Agent shall promptly forward to the Lenders (which the Administrative Agent may effect by electronic posting) any written notice hereunder furnished to it pursuant to this Section. 

SECTION 6.8 Environmental Laws . 

Kimco shall: 

(a) Comply with, and use its best efforts to ensure compliance by all tenants and subtenants, if any, with, all applicable Environmental Laws and obtain and comply with and maintain, and use its best efforts to ensure that all tenants and subtenants obtain and comply with and maintain, any and all licenses, approvals, notifications, registrations or permits required by applicable Environmental Laws, except to the extent that failure to do so could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

89

(b) Conduct and complete all investigations, studies, sampling and testing, and all remedial, removal and other actions required under Environmental Laws and promptly comply in all material respects with all lawful orders and directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental Laws, except to the extent that (i) the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and the pendency of such proceedings could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) Kimco has determined in good faith that contesting the same is not in the best interests of Kimco and its Subsidiaries and the failure to contest the same could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and each Lender, and their respective employees, agents, officers and directors, from and against any claims, demands, penalties, fines, liabilities, settlements, damages, costs and expenses (whether arising pre-judgment or post-judgment) of whatever kind or nature known or unknown, contingent or otherwise, arising out of, or in any way relating to the violation of, noncompliance with or liability under any Environmental Laws applicable to the operations of Kimco, its Subsidiaries or the Properties, or any orders, requirements or demands of Governmental Authorities related thereto, including attorney s and consultant s fees, investigation and laboratory fees, response costs, court costs and litigation expenses, except to the extent that any of the foregoing arise out of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party seeking indemnification therefor. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this indemnity shall continue in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE VII 
 
NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

So long as the Revolving Commitments remain in effect, any Competitive Loan or any Revolving Credit Loan remains outstanding and unpaid, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding, any Reimbursement Obligation remains unpaid in respect of any Letter of Credit, or any other amount is owing to any Lender, the Issuing Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder, Kimco hereby agrees that: 

SECTION 7.1 Financial Covenants . 

Kimco shall not directly or indirectly: 

(a) Total Indebtedness Ratio . Permit, at the last day of any Test Period, the ratio of (i) Total Indebtedness as of such day to (ii) Gross Asset Value (the Leverage Ratio as of such day to exceed 0.60 to 1.00 (or 0.65 to 1.00 for a period not to exceed four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters in the event that during the applicable period Kimco or one of the Consolidated Entities has incurred Indebtedness in connection with Major Acquisitions); provided that for the purpose of determining the foregoing ratio, there shall be excluded from the amount of Total Indebtedness the amount of Total Indebtedness that matures by its terms within 24 months after such date of determination, such exclusion to be limited, however, to the excess of (i) the dollar equivalent of the aggregate amount of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents then held by Kimco and the Consolidated Entities over (ii) 35,000,000. 

(b) Total Priority Indebtedness Ratio . Permit, at the last day of any Test Period, the ratio of (i) Total Priority Indebtedness as of such day to (ii) Gross Asset Value as of such day to exceed 0.35 to 1.00; provided that for the purpose of determining the foregoing ratio, there shall be excluded from the amount of Total Priority Indebtedness the amount of Total Priority Indebtedness that matures by its terms within 24 months after such date of determination, such exclusion to be limited, however, to the excess of (i) the dollar equivalent of the aggregate amount of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents then held by Kimco and the Consolidated Entities over (ii) 35,000,000. 

90

(c) [reserved]. 

(d) [reserved]. 

(e) Unsecured Interest Expense Ratio . Permit, for any Test Period, the ratio of (i) Unencumbered Assets NOI for such period to (ii) Total Unsecured Interest Expense for such period to be less than 1.75 to 1.00. 

(f) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Permit, for any Test Period, the ratio of Total Adjusted EBITDA for such period to Total Debt Service for such period to be less than 1.50 to 1.00. Solely for the purpose of calculating the ratio in this clause (f), Total Adjusted EBITDA (i) shall include cash flow distributions (other than distributions in respect of capital transactions) from Unconsolidated Entities Unconsolidated Entity Operating Cash Flow ), and (ii) shall be increased by the amounts excluded pursuant to clauses (iv), (v) and (vi) of the definition of the term Total Adjusted EBITDA . 

Solely for the purposes of this Section 7.1: direct or indirect reference to EBITDA, NOI, Indebtedness and debt service (and items thereof, when applicable) with respect to the Entities, when included, shall be included only to the extent of the Ownership Percentage therein, except as otherwise specifically provided. 

SECTION 7.2 Limitation on Certain Fundamental Changes . 

None of Ultimate Parent, Kimco or any of their Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly: (a) enter into any merger (except as described in Schedule 7.2 ), consolidation or amalgamation, (b) liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or (c) convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose (whether effected pursuant to a division or otherwise) of, all or substantially all of its property, business or assets (each such transaction referred to in the preceding clauses (a), (b) and (c), a Capital Transaction ), provided that a Capital Transaction may be made if (i) such Capital Transaction does not involve all or substantially all of the property, business or assets owned or leased by Ultimate Parent, Kimco and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis with respect to Ultimate Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) there is no Default or Event of Default, immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such Capital Transaction (including any changes resulting from recharacterization of Unencumbered Property), and (iii) without limiting the foregoing, Kimco is in compliance with all covenants under Section 7.1 after giving effect to such Capital Transaction (including any changes resulting from recharacterization of Unencumbered Property), and would have been in compliance therewith for the most recent Test Period if such Capital Transaction had been given effect (including any changes resulting from recharacterization of Unencumbered Property) during such Test Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Ultimate Parent nor Kimco may engage in a Capital Transaction other than (x) a merger as to which it is the surviving entity or (y) a Capital Transaction described in the immediately following sentence. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, (I)(A) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may merge with any Subsidiary so long as the surviving entity is a Subsidiary, and (B) any Subsidiary that is a Loan Party may merge with any Subsidiary so long as the surviving entity is a Loan Party, (II)(A) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself so long as such Subsidiary s assets are transferred to a Borrower or a Subsidiary and (B) any Subsidiary that is a Loan Party may liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself so long as such Subsidiary s assets are transferred to a Loan Party and (III)(A) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets to a Borrower or any Subsidiary and (B) Ultimate Parent, Kimco or any Subsidiary that is a Loan Party may convey, sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets to a Loan Party. No Subsidiary Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor shall enter into any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or reorganization transaction if such transaction will result in such Subsidiary Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor being organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States that is not an Acceptable Jurisdiction. 

91

SECTION 7.3 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Borrowers shall not knowingly use the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit or knowingly lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any of their Subsidiaries or respective officers, directors, employees or agents (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any prohibited activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 

SECTION 7.4 [ Reserved ]. 

SECTION 7.5 Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates . 

None of Ultimate Parent, Kimco or any of their Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, enter into any transaction, including any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property or the rendering of any service, with any Affiliate (other than Ultimate Parent, Kimco or any Wholly Owned Subsidiaries) unless (a) no Default or Event of Default would occur as a result thereof and (b) such transaction is upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to any Loan Party that is a party thereto or is affected thereby than would be obtained in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate. 

SECTION 7.6 Limitation on Changes in Fiscal Year . 

Ultimate Parent shall not cause or permit its fiscal year to end on a day other than December 31, unless otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation. 

SECTION 7.7 Limitation on Lines of Business; Creation of Subsidiaries; Negative Pledges; Swap Agreements . 

Neither Kimco nor or any of its Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly: 

(a) Engage in activities other than real estate business and real estate related business activities, and in activities permitted for real estate investment trusts under the Code (including through taxable REIT subsidiaries). 

(b) Enter into with any Person, or suffer to exist, any agreement which, in any such case, prohibits or limits the ability of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (other than (i) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any agreements governing any purchase money Liens, Financing Leases or mortgage financings (in which case any such prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets financed thereby), (iii) any agreement in effect as of the date hereof and identified on Schedule 7.7 hereto (and any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification thereto), or (iv) any agreement related to Indebtedness or Liens incurred, or asset sales or other transactions consummated or to be consummated, by Kimco or such Subsidiary containing customary restrictions on the ability of Kimco or any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired). 

92

(c) Enter into any Swap Agreement, except Swap Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business (not for purposes of speculation) to hedge or mitigate risks, including those related to interest rates or currency exchange rates, to which Kimco or such Subsidiary is exposed in the conduct of its business or the management of its liabilities. 

ARTICLE VIII 
 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

If any of the following events shall occur and be continuing: 

(a) Any Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Revolving Credit Loan, any Competitive Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation when due in accordance with the terms thereof or hereof; or any Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Revolving Credit Loan, any Competitive Loan, any Reimbursement Obligation or any other amount payable hereunder, within five (5) Business Days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms thereof or hereof; or 

(b) Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by Kimco herein or in any other Loan Document or which is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by it at any time under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made or furnished; or 

(c) There shall be any default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in Section 6.7(a) or Article VII; or 

(d) Kimco shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than as provided in paragraphs (a) through (c) of this Article), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice from the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Required Lenders; or 

(e) Any Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Borrower shall (i) default in making any payment of any principal of any Indebtedness (including any Guarantee Obligation, but excluding (x) any Revolving Credit Loans, any Competitive Loans or Reimbursement Obligations (which shall be governed by clause (a) above) and (y) any Non-Recourse Indebtedness) on the scheduled or original due date with respect thereto; or (ii) default in making any payment of any interest on any such Indebtedness (including any Guarantee Obligation, but excluding (x) any Revolving Credit Loans, any Competitive Loans or Reimbursement Obligations (which shall be governed by clause (a) above) and (y) any Non-Recourse Indebtedness) beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created; or (iii) default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness (including any Guarantee Obligation, but excluding (x) any Revolving Credit Loans, any Competitive Loans or Reimbursement Obligations (which shall be governed by clause (a) above) and (y) any Non-Recourse Indebtedness) or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or beneficiary of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or beneficiary) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity or (in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Guarantee Obligation) to become payable; provided that a default, event or condition described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (e) shall not at any time constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement unless, at such time, one or more defaults, events or conditions of the type described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (e) shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to Indebtedness the outstanding principal amount of which exceeds in the aggregate 125,000,000 (calculated, in the case of Indebtedness of an Unconsolidated Entity, by multiplying the amount of such Indebtedness by the percentage of Kimco s direct or indirect equity interest in such Unconsolidated Entity); provided , further , that a default, event or condition described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (e) shall not at any time constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement if such default, event or condition relates solely to any Subsidiary Borrower and/or its observance or performance of its obligations under this Agreement or in any other Loan Document; or 

93

(f) (i) Ultimate Parent or Kimco shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or (B) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator or other similar official for it or for all or a substantial part of its assets, or Ultimate Parent or Kimco shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (ii) there shall be commenced against Ultimate Parent or Kimco any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above which (A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 60 days; or (iii) there shall be commenced against Ultimate Parent or Kimco any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or a substantial part of its assets which results in the entry of an order for any such relief which shall not have been vacated, discharged, or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof; or (iv) Ultimate Parent or Kimco shall take any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above; or (v) Ultimate Parent or Kimco shall generally not, or shall be unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due; or 

(g) (i) Any Person shall engage in any prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Plan, (ii) any accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, shall exist with respect to any Plan or any Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Plan shall arise on the assets of Kimco or any Commonly Controlled Entity, (iii) a Reportable Event shall occur with respect to, or proceedings shall commence to have a trustee appointed (or a trustee shall be appointed) to administer, or to terminate, any Single Employer Plan, which Reportable Event or commencement of proceedings or appointment of a trustee is, in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, likely to result in the termination of such Plan for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, (iv) any Single Employer Plan shall terminate for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, (v) Kimco or any Commonly Controlled Entity shall, or is, in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, likely to, incur any liability in connection with a withdrawal from, or the Insolvency or Reorganization of, a Multiemployer Plan or (vi) any other event or condition shall occur or exist with respect to a Plan; and in each case in clauses (i) through (vi) above, such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, if any, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(h) One or more judgments or decrees shall be entered against Kimco or any Entity involving in the aggregate a liability (not paid or fully covered by insurance) of 125,000,000 or more (excluding Non-Recourse Indebtedness) (calculated, in the case of a judgment or decree against an Unconsolidated Entity, by multiplying the amount of such judgment or decree by the percentage of Kimco s direct or indirect equity interest in such Unconsolidated Entity), and all such judgments or decrees shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof; or 

94

(i) [reserved]; or 

(j) Ultimate Parent shall cease, for any reason, to maintain its status as an equity-oriented real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code unless (i) the Board of Directors of Ultimate Parent shall have determined in good faith that it is in the best interests of Kimco to no longer maintain such status and (ii) Ultimate Parent s no longer maintaining such status does not materially adversely affect the interests of the Lenders; or 

(k) [reserved]; or 

(l) the guarantee by Kimco pursuant to Article XI or the guaranty by Ultimate Parent shall cease for any reason to be valid or binding on, or enforceable against, Kimco or Ultimate Parent, as applicable, or Kimco or Ultimate Parent, as applicable, shall so assert in writing; or 

(m) a Change in Control shall occur; 

then, and in any such event, (A) if such event is an Event of Default specified in paragraph (f) above, automatically the Revolving Commitments shall immediately terminate and the Revolving Credit Loans and Competitive Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) and the Notes shall immediately become due and payable, and (B) if such event is any other Event of Default, either or both of the following actions may be taken: (i) the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, or upon the request of the Required Lenders the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to Kimco, declare the Revolving Commitments to be terminated forthwith, whereupon the Revolving Commitments shall immediately terminate; and (ii) the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to Kimco, declare the Revolving Credit Loans and Competitive Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) and the Notes to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable. 

With respect to all Letters of Credit with respect to which presentment for honor shall not have occurred at the time of an acceleration pursuant to the preceding paragraph, Kimco or the applicable Borrower shall at such time deposit in a cash collateral account opened by and under the exclusive dominion and control of the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such Letters of Credit. Each such depositing Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Lender and the applicable L/C Participants, a security interest in such cash collateral to secure all obligations of such Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Amounts held in such cash collateral account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to the payment of drafts or other demands for payment drawn under such Letters of Credit, and the unused portion thereof after all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, if any, shall be applied to repay other obligations of the Borrowers hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. After all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, all Reimbursement Obligations shall have been satisfied and all other obligations of the Borrowers hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall have been paid in full, the balance, if any, in such cash collateral account shall be returned to the applicable Borrower or to whomsoever may be lawfully entitled thereto. The Borrowers shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Lender and the applicable L/C Participants, such further documents and instruments as the Administrative Agent may request to evidence the creation and perfection of the within security interest in such cash collateral account. 

95

Except as expressly provided above in this Article, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived. 

After the exercise of remedies provided for in clause (B) of the paragraph following the Events of Default listed in this Article VIII (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in clause (A) of the paragraph following the Events of Default listed in this Article VIII):: 

(a) all payments received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to Section 2.17, be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows: 

(i) first , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts payable to the Administrative Agent (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent payable under Section 10.5); 

(ii) second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, reimbursement obligations in respect of drawings under Letters of Credit, interest and Letter of Credit fees) payable to the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders payable under Section 10.05) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (ii) payable to them; 

(iii) third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and charges and interest on the Loans and unreimbursed drawings under Letters of Credit, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iii) payable to them; 

(iv) fourth , (A) to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and unreimbursed drawings under Letters of Credit and (B) to cash collateralize that portion of LC Exposure comprising the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise cash collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.17, Section 3.1(b) or this Article VIII ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iv) payable to them; provided that (x) any such amounts applied pursuant to subclause (B) above shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the applicable Issuing Lenders to cash collateralize Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, (y) subject to Section 2.17, Section 3.1(b) or this Article VIII, amounts used to cash collateralize the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (iv) shall be used to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur and (z) upon the expiration of any Letter of Credit (without any pending drawings), the pro rata share of cash collateral shall be distributed in the order set forth in this paragraph; 

(v) fifth , to the payment in full of all other Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable; and 

96

(vi) finally , the balance, if any, after all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to Kimco or as otherwise required by law; and 

(b) if any amount remains on deposit as cash collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired (without any pending drawings), such remaining amount shall be applied in the order set forth above. 

ARTICLE IX 
 
THE AGENTS 

SECTION 9.1 The Agents . 

For purposes of this Section 9.1 and Section 10.6, the term Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, (i) any Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with such specified Person, and (ii) the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such specified Person and of any other Person referred to in the preceding clause (i). 

(a) Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 

(b) The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and each Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with such bank (an Administrative Agent Affiliate may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein, and its duties are entirely administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(i) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or similar duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby, 

97

(ii) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise or refrain from exercising as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided herein), for which the Administrative Agent shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting, and, unless and until revoked in writing, such directions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuing Lender; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (A) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders with respect to such action or (B) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided, and 

(iii) except as expressly set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to Kimco or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Administrative Agent Affiliates in any capacity. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided herein) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (which shall be deemed to exist only if determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment). The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default other than nonpayment of principal or interest unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by Kimco or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article V or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Borrowers or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for any failure of the Borrowers to perform their obligations hereunder or thereunder. 

98

(d) The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. The Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 10.6, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 10.6, (iii) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuing Lender and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuing Lender for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of the Borrowers in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and (iv) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Lender, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Lender sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. 

(e) The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 

(f) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice to the Lenders, the Issuing Lender and Kimco. If a Bankruptcy Event shall occur with respect to the Administrative Agent, then effective on the date that is thirty (30) Business Days after the date of such Bankruptcy Event, the Administrative Agent automatically and without any further action by any Person, shall be removed as Administrative Agent, and at the end of such thirty (30) Business Day period the Administrative Agent shall be deemed discharged from its duties and obligations as Administrative Agent hereunder and under any other Loan Document. By the Required Lenders giving at least thirty (30) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent and Kimco, the Administrative Agent may be removed, by action of the Required Lenders (excluding the bank serving as Administrative Agent (the Agent Bank )), (i) at any time for gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the Required Lenders (excluding for such determination the Agent Bank), or (ii) in the event that the Agent Bank, in its capacity as a Lender, shall have assigned all of its outstanding Revolving Commitments, Loans, and its Applicable Percentage of the L/C Obligations to another bank, financial institution or other entity pursuant to Section 10.6, and at the end of such thirty (30) Business Day period the Agent Bank shall be deemed discharged from its duties and obligations as Administrative Agent hereunder and under any other Loan Documents, provided that it is a condition to the removal of the Administrative Agent under clause (ii) above in the circumstance in which the Agent Bank is the Issuing Lender hereunder, that all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Lender (including Letters of Credit issued by any Affiliate of the Agent Bank) hereunder shall be returned to the Issuing Lender for cancellation, that the Issuing Lender shall be reimbursed for all drafts or other demands for payment under the Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by the Borrowers or paid by the L/C Participants (except to the extent of the Applicable Percentage of L/C Obligations assigned by the Agent Bank), that all fees and expenses accrued and payable to the Issuing Lender be paid, and that the Issuing Lender shall be deemed to be replaced under Section 3.9(a) hereof. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with Kimco, to appoint a successor. In the case of resignation by the Administrative Agent, if no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Lender, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or a Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor to a retired Administrative Agent, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under any other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrowers and such successor. After the Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article, including Section 9.2, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 

99

(g) Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Sustainability Structuring Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Each Lender and each Issuing Lender also acknowledges and agrees that (A) none of the Administrative Agent, any Bookrunner, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent, or the Sustainability Structuring Agent acting in such capacities have made any assurances as to (i) whether the credit facility evidenced by this Agreement meets such Lender s or Issuing Lender s criteria or expectations with regard to environmental impact and sustainability performance, (ii) whether any characteristics of such credit facility, including the characteristics of the relevant key performance indicators to which Kimco will link a potential margin step-up or step-down, including their environmental and sustainability criteria, meet any industry standards for sustainability-linked credit facilities and (B) such Lender or Issuing Lender has performed its own independent investigation and analysis of such credit party and whether such credit facility meets its own criteria or expectations with regard to environmental impact and/or sustainability performance. 

(h) The provisions of this Article (other than Section 9.1(f)) are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrowers rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 9.1, none of the Borrowers, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. Other than as set forth in Section 9.1(f), nothing in this Article shall relate to, govern or limit the obligations of the Administrative Agent to the Borrower or the rights of the Borrower with respect to the Administrative Agent. The provisions of this Section 9.1 shall survive the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Revolving Commitments and the termination of this Agreement. 

100

SECTION 9.2 Indemnification . 

Subject to the immediately following sentence, the Lenders agree to indemnify the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentages of the Revolving Commitments in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section 9.2 (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Revolving Commitments shall have terminated and the Revolving Credit Loans and Competitive Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with their Applicable Percentages immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever which may at any time (including at any time following the payment of the Revolving Credit Loans and Competitive Loans and regardless of whether pre-judgment or post-judgment) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements to the extent resulting solely from the Administrative Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent for the full amount of any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender that are paid or payable by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Excluded Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The agreements in this Section 9.2 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the payment of the Revolving Credit Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder and thereunder. 

SECTION 9.3 The Syndication Agents, Documentation Agents, Managing Agents, Sustainability Structuring Agent, Joint Lead Arrangers, and Bookrunners . 

Each of the Syndication Agents, Documentation Agents, Managing Agents, Sustainability Structuring Agent, Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers referred to on the cover of this Agreement in its capacity as such shall have no rights, duties or responsibilities hereunder, nor any fiduciary relationship with any party hereto, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or otherwise exist against the Syndication Agents, Documentation Agents, Managing Agents, Sustainability Structuring Agent, Bookrunners or Joint Lead Arrangers in their respective capacities as such. 

SECTION 9.4 Certain ERISA Matters . 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Joint Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Revolving Commitments, 

101

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Joint Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Joint Lead Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 

(c) The Administrative Agent, and each Joint Lead Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Revolving Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Revolving Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

102

SECTION 9.5 Erroneous Payments . 

(a) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 9.5 shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

(c) The parties hereto agree that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party except, in each case, solely to the extent such Payment is comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or another Loan Party for the purpose of making a payment on the Obligations. 

(d) Each party s obligations under this Section 9.5 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 

103

ARTICLE X 
 
MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 10.1 Amendments and Waivers . 

Neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document, nor any terms hereof or thereof, may be amended, supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.1. Subject to Section 2.8(c), Section 2.8(d) and Section 10.8, the Required Lenders may, or, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, (a) enter into with the relevant Loan Parties written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or (b) waive, on such terms and conditions as the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall (i) reduce the amount or extend the scheduled date of maturity of any Revolving Credit Loan, Competitive Loan or Note (except as set forth in Section 10.9), or reduce the stated rate of any interest or fee payable hereunder or extend the scheduled date of any payment thereof or increase or reduce (except for reductions in accordance with Section 2.2(f) or reallocations in accordance with Section 2.18)) the amount or extend the expiration date of any Lender s Revolving Commitment, in each case without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (ii) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 10.1, change Section 2.9(a), Section 10.11(a) or Section 10.22 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders, consent to the assignment or transfer by Kimco of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, amend the proviso to the definition of the term Unencumbered Properties , amend, modify or waive the requirement set forth in the definition of Alternate Currency that all Lenders who have then-outstanding Tranche B Commitments or Tranche B Loans approve a currency other than the EURO, Sterling, Yen or Canadian Dollar as an Alternate Currency, or amend, modify, or waive any provision of any Loan Document which, by its terms, requires the consent, approval or satisfaction of all Lenders, in each case without the written consent of all the Lenders, (iii) amend, modify or waive any provision of Article III or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Issuing Lender without the written consent of the Issuing Lender, (iv) amend, modify or waive any provision of Article IX or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent without the written consent of the then Administrative Agent, (v) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.17 without the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender, or (vi) release the guarantee by Kimco pursuant to Article XI with respect to any Subsidiary Borrower that has Loans outstanding at such time or release the Ultimate Parent from the guaranty made pursuant to the Loan Document, in each case without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Issuing Lender, the Administrative Agent and all future holders of the Notes. In the case of any waiver, the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder and under any outstanding Notes and any other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing to the extent therein specified; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. 

104

SECTION 10.2 Notices . 

(a) All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by telecopy), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered by hand, or three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of telecopy notice, when received (notices delivered through Electronic Systems, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b)), addressed as follows in the case of the Borrowers, the Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent, and as notified to the Administrative Agent pursuant to an Administrative Questionnaire in the case of the other parties hereto, or to such other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto and any future holders of the Notes: 

The Borrowers: 
			 Kimco Realty OP, LLC 
			500 North Broadway, Suite 201 
			Jericho, New York 11753 
			Attention: Glenn G. Cohen 
			Telecopy: (516) 869-2572 

JPMCB, as Administrative Agent 
			 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
			Loan and Agency Services Group 
			10 S. Dearborn St., Floor 7 
			Chicago, Illinois 60603 
			Attention: Mary Hackett, Loan Servicer, 
			 CLS REB Chicago 
			Telecopy: (312) 385-7101 
			Email: Cls.reb.chicago@jpmchase.com 

with a copy for 
			borrowing requests and 
			interest elections 

			 in Dollars to: 
			 
			 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

10 S. Dearborn St. Floor L2 
			Chicago, IL 60603 
			Mailcode: IL1-0480 
			Telephone: 312-385-7025 
			Fax: 312-233-2257 
			Contact: Joyce King 
			joyce.p.king@jpmorgan.com 
			cls.reb.chicago@jpmorgan.com 

105

with a copy for 
			borrowing requests and 
			interest elections 

			 in Canadian Dollars to: 
			 
			 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Toronto Branch 

66 Wellington Street, West, 
			TD BANK TOWER, SUITE 4500 
			Toronto, Ontario, M5K 1E7 
			Contact: Ashley Goad 
			Telephone: 312-732-2467 
			Fax: 844-235-1788 
			E-Mail: ashley.m.goad@jpmorgan.com and 

			 cls.cad.chicago@jpmorgan.com 

with a copy for 
			borrowing requests and 
			interest elections 
			in Euros, Sterling, Yen or 

			 other Alternate Currencies to: 
			 
			 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

125 London Wall 
			London EC2Y 5AJ, United Kingdom 
			Contact: Jacob Sheehan 
			Telephone:+442077426100 
			Email: jacob.t.sheehan@jpmorgan.com 

with a copy (except for 
			borrowing requests, 
			interest elections, and 
			requests pursuant to 

			 Sections 10.8 or 10.9) to: 
			 
			 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

277 Park Avenue. 36 th Floor 
			New York, New York 10017 
			Attention: Austin Lotito 
			Telephone: (212) 648-0247 

Wells Fargo, as Issuing Lender: 
			 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 

550 S. Tryon Street, Floor 22 
			Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 
			Attention: Michael Pfaff 
			Telephone: (248) 224-1158 

PNC Bank, National Association, 

			 as Issuing Lender: 
			 
			 PNC Bank, National Association 

340 Madison Avenue - 10th Floor 
			New York, NY 10173 
			Attention: Brian P. Kelly 
			Telecopy: (212) 421-1552 

106

Royal Bank of Canada, 

			 as Issuing Lender: 
			 
			 RBC Capital Markets, LLC 

200 Vesey Street, 12 th Floor 
			New York, New York 10281 
			Attention: Sheena Lee 
			Telecopy: (212) 428-6460 

provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 or 2.4 shall not be effective until received. 

(b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Lender hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrowers may, in their discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided , further , that (x) approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications, (y) for the avoidance of doubt, as and from the date hereof until the Borrowers provide written notice to the Administrative Agent otherwise, the Borrowers do not agree to accept notices or other communications hereunder by electronic communications, and (z) for the avoidance of doubt, as and from the date hereof until the Administrative Agent provides written notice to the Borrowers otherwise, the Administrative Agent does not agree to accept notices or other communications hereunder by electronic communications. 

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 

(c) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 

(d) Electronic Systems. 

(i) Each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Lender and the other Lenders by posting the Communications (as defined below) on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic System. 

107

(ii) Any Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent and the Communications are provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy or completeness of the Communications or the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications or the Electronic System. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or any Electronic System. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Lenders and the Borrowers acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through the Electronic System is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Electronic System, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Other than (solely with respect to direct damages arising therefrom) in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct of, or material breach of this Agreement by, an Agent Party (as defined below) to the extent determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction, in no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrowers or the other Loan Parties, any Lender, the Issuing Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers , any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Communications through an Electronic System. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Electronic System. 

(iii) Each Lender and each Issuing Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Electronic System shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and Issuing Lender agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender's or Issuing Lender's (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 

(iv) Although the Electronic System and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Electronic System is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Electronic System only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Lenders and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Electronic System, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Lenders and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Electronic System and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 

(v) Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Lenders and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Electronic System in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 

(vi) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Lender or any Borrower to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 

108

SECTION 10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . 

No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 

SECTION 10.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties . 

All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the making of the extensions of credit hereunder. 

SECTION 10.5 Payment of Expenses and Taxes . 

Kimco agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all its reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the development, preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, any Letters of Credit, and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent; (b) to pay or reimburse each Lender, the Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent for all its reasonable costs and expenses (including post-judgment costs and expenses) incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, any Letters of Credit, and any such other documents, including the fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the several Lenders; (c) to pay, and indemnify and hold harmless each Lender, the Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent and their affiliates (and their respective officers, directors, employees, advisors and agents) from and against, any and all recording and filing fees and any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying, documentary, stamp, excise and other similar taxes, if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of, or consummation or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, any Letters of Credit, and any such other documents; and (d) to pay, and indemnify and hold harmless each Lender, the Issuing Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Sustainability Structuring Agent and their affiliates (and their respective officers, directors, employees, advisors and agents) from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (and regardless of whether pre-judgment or post-judgment) with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Letters of Credit, and any such other documents, including any of the foregoing relating to the violation of, noncompliance with or liability under, any Environmental Law applicable to the operations of Kimco, any of its Subsidiaries or any of the Properties (all the foregoing in this clause (d), collectively, the indemnified liabilities ), provided that (x) Kimco shall have no obligation hereunder to any indemnitee with respect to indemnified liabilities arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such indemnitee to the extent determined in a final non appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction, and (y) this clause (d) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. The agreements in this Section 10.5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the expiration, cancellation, or other termination of the Letters of Credit, and the payment of the Revolving Credit Loans, the Competitive Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

109

SECTION 10.6 Successors and Assigns . 

For purposes of this Section 10.6 the term Related Parties shall have the meaning given thereto in Section 9.1 hereof. 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Lender that issues any Letter of Credit (an Issuing Lender Affiliate )), except that (i) none of the Loan Parties may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Loan Party without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Issuing Lender Affiliate), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(b) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and under the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Revolving Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of: 

(A) Kimco, provided that (I) no consent of Kimco shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund (as defined below), or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee and (II) Kimco shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; 

(B) the Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Revolving Commitment or Loan to an assignee that is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and 

(C) the Issuing Lender. 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Revolving Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Tranche A Commitment or Tranche B Commitment or Tranche A Loans or Tranche B Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption (as defined below) with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless Kimco and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of Kimco shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

110

(B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of its Tranche A Commitment or its Tranche B Commitment, as applicable, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 

(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption substantially in the form of Exhibit A or in any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent (an Assignment and Assumption (or to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Electronic System as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants), together with a processing and recordation fee of 4,000 (which, except as provided in Section 2.15, shall not be payable by the Borrowers); 

(D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in the form approved by the Administrative Agent (an Administrative Questionnaire and 

(E) assignments shall not be permitted to be made to any Ineligible Institution. 

(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.11, 2.12, 2.13 and 10.5). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 10.6 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Tranche A Commitment and Tranche B Commitment of, and principal amount of the Loans and payments made by the Issuing Lender pursuant to the Letters of Credit, owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers, the Issuing Lender and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in this paragraph (b) and any written consent to such assignment required by this paragraph (b), the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.9(b), 3.4, 3.5 or 9.2, the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

111

(c) Any Lender may, without the consent of any Borrower, the Administrative Agent, or the Issuing Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (other than any Ineligible Institution) (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations in respect of its Tranche A Commitment or its Tranche B Commitment, as applicable, under this Agreement and under the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Revolving Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (C) the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the proviso to Section 10.1 that affects such Participant. Each Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.11, 2.12 and 2.13 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.12 (d) (it being understood that the documentation requirement under Section 2.12(d) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.9 and 2.15 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.11 or 2.12, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.11(b) as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 10.11(a) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Revolving Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit, or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Revolving Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 

(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in, all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

112

SECTION 10.7 Disclosure . 

Subject to Section 10.19, each Borrower authorizes each Lender to disclose to any Participant or assignee (each, a Transferee and any prospective Transferee any and all financial information in such Lender s possession concerning such Borrower and its Affiliates which has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of such Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or which has been delivered to such Lender by or on behalf of such Borrower in connection with such Lender s credit evaluation of such Borrower and its Affiliates prior to becoming a party to this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.8 Increases of Loan Commitments . 

Kimco may from time to time request (i) increases in the aggregate amount of the Tranche A Commitments or the Tranche B Commitments New Revolving Commitments and/or (ii) new term loan commitments to be established New Term Commitments , and together with the New Revolving Commitments, the Incremental Commitments ), in minimum increments of 50,000,000 (or whole multiples of 5,000,000 in excess of 50,000,000), provided that the total combined amount of the Incremental Commitments under this Section 10.8 shall be limited to 750,000,000 in the aggregate. Any Lender or, with the consent of the Administrative Agent and, in the case of a New Revolving Commitment, each Issuing Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and Kimco, any additional bank, financial institution or other entity that is not then a Lender may elect to become a Lender hereunder and make an Incremental Commitment. No Lender shall have any obligation to make any Incremental Commitment, nor shall the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers or the Syndication Agents have any obligation to locate banks, financial institutions or other entities willing to make any Incremental Commitment. If (x) existing or new Lenders are willing to provide such New Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Commitments may be increased from time to time by the addition of a new Lender or the increase of the Revolving Commitment of an existing Lender (each, a New Revolving Lender , and the loans made pursuant to any New Revolving Commitment being referred to herein as New Revolving Loans or (y) Lenders are willing to provide such New Term Commitments, term loans may be made hereunder (the New Term Loans by such Lenders (each, a New Term Lender ). Each Incremental Commitment under this Section 10.8 is subject to the following conditions: 

(a) Each of the representations and warranties made by Kimco in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language, true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects) on and as of the effective date of such Incremental Commitment as if made on and as of such date except for representations and warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; and 

(b) (i) No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the effective date of such Incremental Commitment or after giving effect thereto and (ii) Kimco would be in compliance with each financial covenant set forth in paragraphs (a) through (f) of Section 7.1 if the ratio or amount referred to therein were to be calculated as of the most recent Test Period as to which a compliance certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 6.2(b) after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of Indebtedness, if any, under such Incremental Commitments, on the effective date of such Incremental Commitments, and the use of proceeds thereof). 

Each request for an Incremental Commitment under this Section 10.8 shall constitute a representation and warranty by Kimco as of the date of such Incremental Commitment that the conditions contained in this Section 10.8 have been satisfied, and shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Kimco to such effect. 

113

Any Incremental Commitments hereunder shall be evidenced by the execution and delivery of an amendment to this Agreement by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lenders (in the case of New Revolving Commitments) and the New Revolving Lenders or New Term Lenders, as applicable, providing such Incremental Commitments, a copy of which shall be forwarded to each Lender by the Administrative Agent promptly after execution thereof. Each such amendment executed in connection with an Incremental Commitment hereunder may, without the consent of any other Lenders or (except in the case of New Revolving Commitments) Issuing Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the good faith judgment of Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 10.8 and the Incremental Commitments, subject to approval by the Borrowers and the New Revolving Lenders or New Term Lenders, as applicable, including without limitation to (x) include the New Revolving Lenders and/or New Term Lenders as Lenders hereunder, (y) to include the New Revolving Loans and New Term Loans as Loans hereunder, and (z) to include the New Revolving Lenders and their Applicable Percentages and/or the New Term Lenders and their New Term Loans for purposes of the definition of Required Lenders . All such amendments and joinder agreements entered into with the Borrowers by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lenders (in the case of New Revolving Commitments) and the New Revolving Lenders or New Term Lenders, as applicable, shall be binding and conclusive on all Lenders. 

On the effective date of any New Revolving Commitments, the aggregate Revolving Commitments and the Revolving Commitments of the New Revolving Lenders shall be increased, the Applicable Percentages shall be adjusted and the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall cause the New Revolving Lenders to hold their Applicable Percentages of all Revolving Credit Loans outstanding at the close of business on such day, by either funding more than its or their Applicable Percentage of New Revolving Loans made on such date or purchasing shares of outstanding Revolving Credit Loans held by the other Lenders or a combination thereof. The Lenders agree to cooperate in any required sale and purchase of outstanding Revolving Credit Loans to achieve such result. The Borrowers agree to pay all fees associated with the New Revolving Commitments including any amounts due under Section 2.13 in connection with any reallocation of Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans. 

On the effective date of any New Term Commitments of any Series, (a) each New Term Lender of such Series shall make a New Term Loan to the Borrowers in an amount equal to its New Term Commitment of such Series, and (b) each New Term Lender of such Series shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to the New Term Commitments of such Series and the New Term Loans of such Series made pursuant thereto. Any New Term Loans made on such effective date shall be designated a separate series (a Series of New Term Loans for all purposes of this Agreement. 

The terms and provisions of the New Revolving Loans and New Revolving Commitments shall be identical to the then existing Revolving Credit Loans and Revolving Commitments. The terms of any New Term Loans of any Series made hereunder (a) shall not provide for any amortization payments on or prior to the Maturity Date, but may permit voluntary prepayments, (b) shall provide that the applicable New Term Loan maturity date of each Series shall be no earlier than the Maturity Date, (c) shall rank pari passu to the other Loans hereunder and (d) subject to the above provisions of this Section 10.8, shall include such other terms and pricing as may be agreed by the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the New Term Lenders. 

114

SECTION 10.9 Extension of Maturity Date . 

By written notice to the Administrative Agent (a Maturity Extension Notice not earlier than twelve (12) months nor later than one (1) month before the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility specified in clause (i) of the definition of the term Maturity Date (the Original Maturity Date ), Kimco may extend the Maturity Date for the Revolving Credit Facility (the First Extension Option to the date six (6) months after the Original Maturity Date (the First Extended Maturity Date subject to the satisfaction on the applicable extension date of each of the applicable Extension Conditions. In addition, Kimco, at its option, may elect to extend the First Extended Maturity Date (the Second Extension Option to the date six (6) months after the First Extended Maturity Date (the Second Extended Maturity Date ), subject to the satisfaction on the applicable extension date of each of the applicable Extension Conditions, by providing a Maturity Extension Notice to the Administrative Agent not earlier than the date, if any, on which Kimco elects to extend the Original Maturity Date to the First Extended Maturity Date nor later than one (1) month before the First Extended Maturity Date. Each Maturity Extension Notice shall constitute a representation and warranty by Kimco as of the applicable extension date that the Extension Conditions required to be satisfied as of such date (as set forth in the definition of Extension Conditions have been satisfied, and shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Kimco to such effect. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of any such extension. 

SECTION 10.10 Subsidiary Borrowers and Subsidiary Guarantors . 

(a) At the election of Kimco at any time and from time to time, upon not less than seven (7) Business Days notice (or 15 days notice in the event the Subsidiary is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States (a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower )) to the Administrative Agent, at the time of such election, one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries shall become a Borrower hereunder each, a Subsidiary Borrower by Kimco and such Subsidiary Borrower s executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, (i) an Adherence Agreement, (ii) an incumbency certificate as to the names, titles and specimen signatures of such Wholly Owned Subsidiary s officers or other representatives authorized to act on its behalf in connection with the Revolving Credit Facility, and (iii) if and to the extent generally issued by the applicable jurisdiction, a current good standing certificate as to such Wholly Owned Subsidiary from its jurisdiction of organization and a certified copy of its organizational or constituent documents (such as a certificate or articles of incorporation or formation and by-laws, limited liability company agreement or limited partnership agreement, as applicable); provided that (x) each such Wholly Owned Subsidiary shall satisfy the Baseline Conditions on and as of the date such Wholly Owned Subsidiary delivers its Adherence Agreement, (y) Kimco shall be deemed to represent and warrant as of such date that such proposed Subsidiary Borrower is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, and (z) no Subsidiary Borrower shall cease to be a Subsidiary Borrower solely because it ceases to be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary. Following the giving of any notice pursuant to this Section 10.10(a) and prior to the effectiveness of any such Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary Borrower, if the designation of such Subsidiary Borrower obligates the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with know your customer or similar identification procedures in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in circumstances where the necessary information is not already available to it, the applicable Subsidiary Borrower shall, promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender (but only if the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have made such a request by a date that is no later than five (5) Business Days after the giving of notice pursuant to Section 10.10(a) designating such Subsidiary Borrower), supply such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably and customarily requested by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in order for the Administrative Agent or such Lender to be satisfied (in good faith) it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar verifications under all applicable laws and regulations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) with respect to any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, any Lender may, with notice to the Administrative Agent and Kimco, fulfill its Revolving Commitment by causing an Affiliate of such Lender to act as the Lender in respect of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower (and such Lender shall, to the extent of Loans made to and participations in Letters of Credit issued for the account of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, be deemed for all purposes hereof to have pro tanto assigned such Loans and participations to such Affiliate in compliance with the provisions of Section 10.6; and (y) as soon as practicable and in any event within seven (7) Business Days after notice of the designation under this Section of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, any Lender that (I) may not legally lend to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, or (II) would incur or suffer materially adverse regulatory or legal consequences by lending to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and, in either case (I) or (II), is generally not lending to other borrowers similarly situated to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower (a Protesting Lender shall so notify Kimco and the Administrative Agent in writing. With respect to each Protesting Lender, Kimco shall, effective on or before the date that such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have the right to borrow hereunder, either (I) (A) replace such Protesting Lender in accordance with Section 2.15 or (B) notify the Administrative Agent and such Protesting Lender that the Revolving Commitments of such Protesting Lender shall be terminated (whereupon such Revolving Commitments shall be terminated); provided that, in the case of this clause (B), (1) Kimco shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Lender, which consents shall not unreasonably be withheld, and (2) such Protesting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans (other than Competitive Loans), accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the relevant Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), or (II) cancel its request to designate such Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Borrower hereunder. 

115

(b) At the election of Kimco at any time and from time to time, at the time of such election, one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries shall become a guarantor of the Revolving Credit Facility (each, a Subsidiary Guarantor by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, a Subsidiary Guarantee; provided that (x) each such Wholly Owned Subsidiary shall satisfy the Baseline Conditions on and as of the date such Wholly Owned Subsidiary delivers its Subsidiary Guarantee and (y) Kimco shall be deemed to represent and warrant as of such date that such proposed Subsidiary Guarantor is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary. If the designation of such Subsidiary Guarantor obligates the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with know your customer or similar identification procedures in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in circumstances where the necessary information is not already available to it, the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor shall, promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, supply such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably and customarily requested by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in order for the Administrative Agent or such Lender to be satisfied (in good faith) it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar verifications under all applicable laws and regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, no Wholly Owned Subsidiary that is not a U.S. Person (or, if such Wholly Owned Subsidiary is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, has an owner that is not a U.S. Person) shall guarantee any obligation of any Borrower that is a U.S. Person (or, if such Borrower is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, of its owner). 

(c) A Subsidiary Borrower shall be released as a Borrower hereunder upon written request by Kimco; provided that (i) any Loans to and/or other obligations of such Subsidiary Borrower proposed to be released shall have been either (A) repaid (and any outstanding Letters of Credit issued for its account shall have been fully cash collateralized unless Kimco is a co-applicant thereof) or (B) assumed (pursuant to a written agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent), concurrently with or prior to such release, by Kimco or by another Subsidiary Borrower (which other Subsidiary Borrower satisfies the Baseline Conditions at the time of such assumption), (ii) there is no Event of Default after giving effect to such release, (iii) Kimco is in compliance with each of the financial covenants set forth in paragraphs (a) through (f) of Section 7.1 if the ratio or amount referred to therein were to be calculated as of such date, but after giving effect to such release provided that for the purposes of determining such compliance, Gross Asset Value shall be determined for the most recent Test Period as to which a compliance certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 6.2(b), after giving effect to such release), and (iv) Kimco has furnished to the Administrative Agent a certificate of its chief financial officer or other authorized officer as to the matters referred in the preceding sub-clauses (ii) and (iii) 

116

(d) A Subsidiary Guarantor shall be released from any Subsidiary Guarantee upon written request by Kimco; provided that (i) there is no Event of Default after giving effect to such release (including any changes resulting from any Property s ceasing to be an Unencumbered Property if such released guarantor immediately prior to giving effect to such release was an Obligated Property Owner in respect thereof), (ii) Kimco is in compliance with each of the financial covenants set forth in paragraphs (a) through (f) of Section 7.1 if the ratio or amount referred to therein were to be calculated as of such date, but after giving effect to such release (including any changes resulting from any Property s ceasing to be an Unencumbered Property if such released guarantor was an Obligated Property Owner in respect thereof immediately prior to giving effect to such release and provided that for the purposes of determining such compliance, Gross Asset Value shall be determined for the most recent Test Period as to which a compliance certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 6.2(b)), and (iii) Kimco has furnished to the Administrative Agent a certificate of its chief financial officer or other authorized financial officer as to the matters referred to in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii). 

SECTION 10.11 Adjustments; Set-off . 

(a) If any Lender (a Benefited Lender shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of its Tranche A Exposure or Tranche B Exposure, as applicable, or interest thereon, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in Article VIII(f), or otherwise), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lender s Tranche A Exposure or Tranche B Exposure, as applicable, or interest thereon, such Benefited Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a participating interest in such portion of each such other Lender s Tranche A Exposure or Tranche B Exposure, as applicable, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefited Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral or proceeds ratably with each of the Lenders; provided that (i) if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefited Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Revolving Credit Loans or Competitive Loans or participations in respect of Letters of Credit to any assignee or participant, other than to any Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply, except, for the avoidance of doubt, for payments made pursuant to Section 2.15 or Section 10.10(a) hereof). 

(b) In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, each Lender and each of its Affiliates shall have the right, without prior notice to the Borrowers any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrowers to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon and during the continuance of any Event of Default, to set off and appropriate and apply against any amounts due hereunder or under any Notes at such time, any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, obligations, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender or any of its Affiliates or any branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of such Borrower. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the applicable Borrower, the Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and application made by such Lender, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 

117

SECTION 10.12 Counterparts; Electronic Execution . 

This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with Kimco, the Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by any electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

SECTION 10.13 Severability . 

Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

SECTION 10.14 Integration . 

This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender relative to subject matter hereof or thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. 

SECTION 10.15 GOVERNING LAW . 

THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

118

SECTION 10.16 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers . 

Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof; 

(b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same; 

(c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to its address set forth in Section 10.2 or at such other address of which it shall have been notified pursuant thereto; 

(d) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction; and 

(e) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages; provided that, nothing in this clause (e) shall relieve a Borrower of any obligation it may have to indemnify a Person who is entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 10.5(c) against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Person by a third party. 

SECTION 10.17 Acknowledgments . 

Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that: 

(a) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 

(b) none of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or the Issuing Lenders (the Credit Parties will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to the Borrowers with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrowers or any other Person. Each Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; 

(c) no Credit Party is advising the Borrowers as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction, and the Borrowers shall consult with their own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making their own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrowers with respect thereto; 

119

(d) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the Credit Parties or among the Borrowers and the Credit Parties; 

(e) each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrowers and other companies with which the Borrowers may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion; and 

(f) each Credit Party and its Affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrowers may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. 

SECTION 10.18 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL . 

THE BORROWERS, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE ISSUING LENDER AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 

SECTION 10.19 Confidentiality . 

Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel, consultants, service providers and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to any regulatory authority or self-regulatory body, to the extent requested thereby, (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar compulsory legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, (i) to any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the prior written consent of any Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrowers that is not, to the knowledge of the Administrative Agent, Issuing Lender or such Lender, as applicable, subject to confidentiality obligations to Kimco or any of its Subsidiaries. In addition, the Lead Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry, to the extent such Information is customarily provided by arrangers to such service providers. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries relating to any Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Borrower or their respective businesses; provided that in the case of information received from or on behalf of the Borrowers after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Information shall not include, and each party hereto may disclose to any and all Persons, without limitation of any kind, any information with respect to the U.S. federal income tax treatment and U.S. federal income tax structure of the transactions contemplated hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such party relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. 

120

SECTION 10.20 Judgment Currency . 

(a) The obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents of the Borrowers to make payments in Dollars or in an Alternate Currency, as the case may be (the Obligation Currency ), shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender or recovery pursuant to any judgment expressed in or converted into any currency other than the Obligation Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery results in the effective receipt by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or a Lender of the full amount of the Obligation Currency expressed to be payable to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or such Lender under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. If, for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against any Borrower in any court or in any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into or from any currency other than the Obligation Currency (such other currency being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Currency an amount due in the Obligation Currency, the conversion shall be made, at the Dollar Equivalent of such amount, in each case, as of the date immediately preceding the day on which the judgment is given (such Business Day being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Currency Conversion Date ). 

(b) If there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Judgment Currency Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable Borrower obligated in respect thereof covenants and agrees to pay, or cause to be paid, such additional amounts, if any (but in any event not a lesser amount), as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of the Obligation Currency which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial award at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Judgment Currency Conversion Date. 

(c) For purposes of determining the Dollar Equivalent under this Section, such amounts shall include any premium and costs payable in connection with the purchase of the Obligation Currency. 

SECTION 10.21 USA Patriot Act . 

Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ), hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan Parties, which information includes the name and address of the Loan Parties and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Loan Parties in accordance with the Patriot Act. 

121

SECTION 10.22 Sharing Event . 

(a) Upon the occurrence of a Sharing Event, automatically (and without the taking of any action) (x) all then outstanding Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans denominated in an Alternate Currency shall be automatically converted into Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent, as determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Agreement, of the aggregate principal amount of such Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans on the date such Sharing Event first occurred, which Loans denominated in Dollars (i) shall thereafter be deemed to be ABR Loans and (ii) shall be immediately due and payable on the date such Sharing Event occurred) and (y) all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts owing with respect to such Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans shall be immediately due and payable in Dollars, in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts. 

(b) Upon the occurrence of a Sharing Event, and after giving effect to any automatic conversion pursuant to Section 10.22(a), each Lender shall (and hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to) purchase and sell (in each case in Dollars) undivided participating interests in all Loans (other than Competitive Rate Loans) outstanding to, and any unpaid amounts the Issuing Lender has disbursed under a Letter of Credit owing by, any Borrower in amounts such that each Lender shall have a share of the outstanding Loans (other than Competitive Loans) and unpaid amounts the Issuing Lender has disbursed under a Letter of Credit then owing by any Borrower equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Revolving Commitments (although if because of fluctuations in currency exchange rates any Lender would be required to purchase such participations after giving effect to which such Lender s Loans and Letter of Credit participations (including participations therein purchased pursuant to this Section) would exceed such Lender s Revolving Commitment, then such participations shall be in an amount after giving effect to which such Lender s Loans and Letter of Credit participations (including participations therein purchased pursuant to this Section) would equal such Lender s Revolving Commitment). Upon any such occurrence, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender and shall specify the amount of Dollars required from such Lender in order to effect the purchases and sales by the various Lenders of participating interests in the amounts required above (together with accrued interest with respect to the period for the last Interest Payment Date through the date of the Sharing Event); provided that, in the event that a Sharing Event shall have occurred, each Lender shall be deemed to have purchased, automatically and without request, such participating interests. Promptly upon receipt of such request, each Lender shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (in immediately available funds in Dollars) the net amounts as specified by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver the amounts so received to the various Lenders in such amounts as are needed to effect the purchases and sales of participations as provided above. Promptly following receipt thereof, each Lender which has sold participations in any of its Loans and Letter of Credit participations (through the Administrative Agent) will deliver to each Lender (through the Administrative Agent) which has so purchased a participating interest a participation certificate dated the date of receipt of such funds and in such amount. It is understood that the amount of funds delivered by each Lender shall be calculated on a net basis, giving effect to both the sales and purchases of participations by the various Lenders as required above. 

(c) Upon the occurrence of a Sharing Event, (i) no further Loans shall be made, (ii) all amounts from time to time accruing with respect to, and all amounts from time to time payable on account of, any outstanding Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans denominated in any Alternate Currency (including any interest and other amounts which were accrued but unpaid on the date of such purchase) shall be converted to Loans denominated in Dollars in accordance with Section 10.22(a) and be payable immediately in Dollars as if such Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans had originally been made in Dollars and shall be distributed by the relevant Lenders (or their affiliates) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders which made such Loans or are participating therein and (iii) the Revolving Commitments of the Lenders shall be automatically terminated. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, the failure of any Lender to purchase its participating interest in any Loans upon the occurrence of a Sharing Event shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation hereunder to purchase its participating interests in a timely manner, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to purchase the participating interest to be purchased by such other Lender on any date. 

122

(d) If any amount required to be paid by any Lender pursuant to Section 10.22(b) is not paid to the Administrative Agent within one (1) Business Day following the date upon which such Lender receives notice from the Administrative Agent of the amount of its participations required to be purchased pursuant to said Section, such Lender shall also pay to the Administrative Agent on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) the amount so required to be paid by such Lender for the purchase of its participations times (ii) the daily average Federal Funds Effective Rate during the period from and including the date of request for payment to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Administrative Agent times (iii) a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days that elapsed during such period and the denominator of which is 360. If any such amount required to be paid by any Lender pursuant to Section 10.22(b) is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent within three (3) Business Days following the date upon which such Lender receives notice from the Administrative Agent as to the amount of participations required to be purchased by it, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover from such Lender on demand, such amount with interest thereon calculated from such request date at the rate per annum applicable to ABR Loans hereunder. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts payable by any Lender pursuant to this Section shall be deemed conclusive absent manifest error. Amounts payable under this Section shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant Lenders; provided that, if the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) has elected to fund on behalf of such Lender the amounts owing to such Lenders, then the amounts shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for its own account. 

(e) Whenever, at any time after the relevant Lenders have received from any Lenders purchases of participations in any Loans pursuant to this Section, the Lenders receive any payment on account thereof, such Lenders will distribute to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the various Lenders participating therein, such Lenders participating interests in such amounts (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such participations were outstanding) in like funds as received; provided , that in the event that such payment received by any Lenders are required to be returned, the Lenders who received previous distributions in respect of their participating interests therein will return to the respective Lenders any portion thereof previously so distributed to them in like funds as such payment is required to be returned by the respective Lenders. 

(f) Each Lender s obligation to purchase participating interests pursuant to this Section shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstances including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against any other Lender, any Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence or continuance of an Event of Default, (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of Kimco or any other Person, (iv) any breach of this Agreement by Kimco, any of its Subsidiaries or any Lender or any other Person, or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement, upon any purchase of participations as required above, each Lender which has purchased such participations shall be entitled to receive from the applicable Borrower any increased costs and indemnities directly from the applicable Borrower to the same extent as if it were the direct Lender as opposed to a participant therein. Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that, upon the occurrence of a Sharing Event and after giving effect to the requirements of this Section, increased taxes may be owing by such Borrower pursuant to Section 2.12, which taxes shall be paid (to the extent provided in Section 2.12) by such Borrower, without any claim that the increased taxes are not payable because same resulted from the participations effected as otherwise required by this Section. 

123

SECTION 10.23 Amendment and Restatement; Transitional Agreements . 

This Agreement shall, upon the effectiveness of the amendment and restatement contemplated hereby, replace and supersede the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement in its entirety, except as expressly provided in this Section 10.23. For the avoidance of doubt, each of the parties hereto (including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacities as administrative agent under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement and under this Agreement) understands and agrees that, upon the effectiveness of the amendment and restatement contemplated hereby, without any further action, (a) the commitments of the Existing Revolving Lenders and the Existing Issuing Lender to make any loans or advance any credit, including letters of credit, as applicable, under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement or under any other Existing Loan Document shall be terminated, (b) any reimbursement obligations of the Existing Revolving Lenders to the Existing Issuing Lender and any obligations of the Existing Revolving Lenders to purchase participations in the Existing Issuing Lender s obligations and rights in respect of each existing Letter of Credit shall be terminated (subject to Section 3.10), (c) excluding those obligations that are specified in the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement or in any of the other Existing Loan Documents as surviving that respective agreement s termination (which, as so specified, shall survive without prejudice and remain in full force and effect), all Existing Obligations and all Existing Guaranteed Obligations shall be deemed paid in full, released and discharged, (d) the Lenders party hereto shall have Revolving Commitments in the amounts set forth in Schedule 1.1A , (e) the Revolving Credit Loans outstanding under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement shall become Revolving Credit Loans under this Agreement, and (f) the Lenders interests in the Revolving Credit Loans and participations in the Letters of Credit shall be reallocated and continued in a cashless roll transaction on the Effective Date ratably in accordance with each Lender s applicable Revolving Commitments, and the Lenders shall make such purchases of Revolving Credit Loans from each other as necessary to effect such reallocation. As soon as reasonably practicable after its receipt of any Note requested by a Lender hereunder on the Effective Date, to the extent such Lender was a party to the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement and had a promissory note issued to such Lender under the terms of the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement, such Lender will promptly return to the Borrowers, marked Substituted or Cancelled , as the case may be, any promissory notes of the Borrowers held by such Lender pursuant to the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement. Each Lender party to this Agreement that was a party to the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement hereby waives its rights to indemnification pursuant to Section 2.13 in connection with prepayment or conversion of any Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans as a result of any prepayment or conversion of Revolving Credit Loans on the Effective Date or the reallocation of the Revolving Credit Loans on the Effective Date described above. 

SECTION 10.24 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non usurious interest permitted by applicable law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the applicable Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 

124

SECTION 10.25 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

SECTION 10.26 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . 

To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

125

As used in this Section 10.26, the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

ARTICLE XI 
 
GUARANTEE BY KIMCO 

SECTION 11.1 Guarantee . 

In order to induce the Lenders to extend credit hereunder, Kimco hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lender Parties and the Administrative Agent, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, the due and punctual payment of all Obligations of all the Subsidiary Borrowers (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations ). Kimco agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and that it will remain bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any extension or renewal of any Guaranteed Obligations. Each and every default in payment or performance on any Guaranteed Obligation shall give rise to a separate cause of action hereunder, and separate suits may be brought hereunder as each cause of action arises. 

SECTION 11.2 Guaranteed Obligations Not Waived . 

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Kimco waives presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to any Subsidiary Borrower or to any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of its guarantee and notice of protest for nonpayment. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the obligations of Kimco hereunder shall not be affected by (a) the failure of any Lender Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce or exercise any right or remedy against the applicable Borrower or any other Loan Party under the provisions of the Loan Documents or otherwise; (b) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any release from any of the terms or provisions of any Loan Document or any other agreement; (c) the failure or delay of any Lender Party for any reason whatsoever to exercise any right or remedy against any other guarantor of the Obligations; (d) the failure of any Lender Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under any Loan Document, any guarantee or any other agreement or instrument; (e) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any Guaranteed Obligations; (f) any change in the corporate existence or structure of any Borrower; (g) the existence of any claims or set-off rights that Kimco may have; (h) any law, regulation, decree or order of any jurisdiction or any event affecting any term of a guaranteed obligation; or (i) any other act, omission or delay to do any other act which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of Kimco or otherwise operate as a discharge or exoneration of Kimco as a matter of law or equity or which would impair or eliminate any right of Kimco to subrogation. 

126

SECTION 11.3 Guarantee of Payment . 

Kimco agrees that its guarantee hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due and not of collection, that such guarantee may be enforced at any time and from time to time, on one or more occasions, during the continuance of any Event of Default, without any prior demand or enforcement in respect of any Guaranteed Obligations, and that Kimco waives any right to require that any resort be had by any Lender Party to any other Guarantor or other guarantee, or to any security held for payment of any Guaranteed Obligations. The solicitation of, or the delivery by Kimco of, any confirmation or reaffirmation of this Agreement under any circumstance shall not give rise to any inference as to the continued effectiveness of this Agreement in any other circumstance in which the confirmation or reaffirmation hereof has not been solicited or has not been delivered (whether or not solicited), and the obligations of Kimco hereunder shall continue in effect as herein provided notwithstanding any solicitation or delivery of any confirmation or reaffirmation hereof, or any failure to solicit or to deliver any such confirmation or reaffirmation, under any circumstances. This is a continuing guaranty of the payment of all Guaranteed Obligations. 

SECTION 11.4 No Discharge or Diminishment of Guarantee . 

The obligations of Kimco under this guarantee shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations), including any claim of waiver, release, surrender, amendment, modification, alteration or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or of any collateral security or guarantee or other accommodation in respect thereof, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any Loan Document or any provision thereof (or of this Agreement or any provision hereof) or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of Kimco under this guarantee shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by any change of location, form or jurisdiction of any Subsidiary Borrower or any other Person, any merger, consolidation or amalgamation of any Subsidiary Borrower or any other Person into or with any other Person, any sale, lease or transfer of any of the assets of any Subsidiary Borrower or any other Person to any other Person, any other change of form, structure, or status under any law in respect of any Subsidiary Borrower or any other Person, or any other occurrence, circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether similar or dissimilar to the foregoing, whether foreseen or unforeseen, that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable defense, release, exoneration, or discharge or that might otherwise limit recourse against any Subsidiary Borrower or Kimco or any other Person. The obligations of Kimco under this guarantee shall extend to all Guaranteed Obligations without limitation of amount, and Kimco agrees that it shall be obligated to honor its guarantee hereunder whether or not any other Guarantor (i) has been called to honor its guarantee, (ii) has failed to honor its guarantee in whole or in part, or (iii) has been released for any reason whatsoever from its obligations under its guarantee. 

127

SECTION 11.5 Defenses Waived; Maturity of Guaranteed Obligations . 

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Kimco waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any Subsidiary Borrower or any other guarantor or the unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Subsidiary Borrower, other than the final payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Lender Parties may, at their election, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Subsidiary Borrower or any other Person (including any other Guarantor) or exercise any other right or remedy available to them against such Subsidiary Borrower or any other Person (including any other Guarantor), without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any Guarantor hereunder except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and finally paid in cash. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Kimco waives any defense arising out of any such election even though such election operates, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or to extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of Kimco against any Subsidiary Borrower or any other Person, as the case may be, or any security. Kimco agrees that, as between Kimco, on the one hand, and the Lender Parties, on the other hand, (i) the maturity of the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated for the purposes of Kimco s guarantee herein, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration as to any Subsidiary Borrower in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed hereby (other than any notices and cure periods expressly granted to any Subsidiary Borrower in this Agreement or any other Loan Document evidencing or securing the Guaranteed Obligations) and (ii) in the event of any such acceleration of such Guaranteed Obligations, such Guaranteed Obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable in full by Kimco for purposes of this Agreement. 

SECTION 11.6 Agreement to Pay; Subordination . 

In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right that any Lender Party has at law or in equity against Kimco by virtue hereof, upon the failure of any Subsidiary Borrower to pay (after the giving of any required notice and the expiration of any cure period expressly granted to such Subsidiary Borrower in this Agreement or any other Loan Document evidencing any Guaranteed Obligation) any Guaranteed Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, upon mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, Kimco hereby promises to and will forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lender Parties, in cash the amount of such unpaid Guaranteed Obligation. Upon payment by Kimco of any sums as provided above, all rights of Kimco against the applicable Subsidiary Borrower or any other Person arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior payment in full in cash of all the Guaranteed Obligations. In addition, any indebtedness of any Subsidiary Borrower now or hereafter held by Kimco is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations. If any amount shall erroneously be paid to Kimco on account of (i) such subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right or (ii) any such indebtedness of any Subsidiary Borrower, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Lender Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to be credited against the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 

SECTION 11.7 Reinstatement . 

Kimco further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Guaranteed Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by any Lender Party upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Subsidiary Borrower or otherwise. Nothing shall discharge or satisfy the liability of Kimco hereunder except the full performance and payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations. 

128

SECTION 11.8 Information . 

Kimco assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of the Subsidiary Borrowers financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the nature, scope and extent of the risks that Kimco assumes and incurs hereunder, and agrees that neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Lender Party will have any duty to advise Kimco of information now or hereafter known to it or any of them regarding any of the foregoing. 

[SIGNATURE PAGES TO FOLLOW] 

129

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. 

Borrower: 

KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC 

By: Kimco Realty Corporation, its managing member 

By: 

/s/ Glenn G. Cohen 

Name: Glenn G. Cohen 

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief 

			 Financial Officer and Treasurer 

[signature page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender, as an 

			 Issuing Lender, and as Administrative Agent 

By: 

/s/ Austin Lotito 

Name: Austin Lotito 
			Title: Executive Director 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

			 as a Lender and as an Issuing Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Michael Pfaff 

Name: Michael Pfaff 
			Title: Director 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

			 and an Issuing Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Brian Kelly 

Name: Brian Kelly 
			Title: SVP 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender 
			and an Issuing Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ William Behuniak 

Name: William Behuniak 
			Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Cheryl Sneor 

Name: Cheryl Sneor 
			Title: Vice President 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF MONTREAL, as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Rebecca Liu Chabanon 

Name: Rebecca Liu Chabanon 
			Title: Director 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Craig Malloy 

Name: Craig Malloy 
			Title: Director 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

BNP PARIBAS., as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ James Goodall 

Name: James Goodall 
			Title: Managing Director 

By: 
			 /s/ Kyle Fitzpatrick 

Name: Kyle Fitzpatrick 
			Title: Director 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ David Bouton 

Name: David Bouton 
			Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD., as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Donna DeMagistris 

Name: Donna DeMagistris 
			Title: Executive Director 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

REGIONS BANK, as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Nicholas R. Frerman 

Name: Nicholas R. Frerman 
			Title: Senior Vice President 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Ryan Almond 

Name: Ryan Almond 
			Title: Director 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ George Skoufis 

Name: George Skoufis 
			Title: Vice President 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Sacha Boxill 

Name: Sacha Boxill 
			Title: Director 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Timothy J. Tillman 

Name: Timothy J. Tillman 
			Title: Senior Vice President 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, NEW YORK BRANCH ., as a 

			 Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Doreen Barr 

Name: Doreen Barr 
			Title: Authorized Signatory 

By: 
			 /s/ Michael Dieffenbacher 

Name: Michael Dieffenbacher 
			Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Michael King 

Name: Michael King 
			Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Abdullah Dahman 

Name: Abdullah Dahman 
			Title: Director 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

ASSOCIATED BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

			 as a Lender 

By: 
			 /s/ Mitchell Vega 

Name: Mitchell Vega 
			Title: Senior Vice President 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as a 

			 Lender 

By: 

/s/ Ming K. Chu 

Name: Ming K. Chu 
			Title: Director 

By: 
			 /s/ Marko Lukin 

Name: Marko Lukin 
			Title: Vice President 

[Signature page to Kimco Credit Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 
TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[FORM OF] 
 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

This Assignment and Assumption (this Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the Assignor and [Insert name of Assignee] (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which (and any other Loan Documents requested by Assignee) is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 

For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below, (a) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including participations in Letters of Credit and unreimbursed Letter of Credit disbursements held by the Assignor on the date hereof) and (b) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (a) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 

1. 

Assignor: 

2. 

Assignee: 

[ and is an Affiliate/Approved Fund of [ identify Lender ] 1 ] 

3. 

Borrower(s): 

Kimco Realty OP, LLC, and any Subsidiary Borrowers under the Credit Agreement 

4. 

Administrative Agent: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 

5. 

Credit Agreement: 

The 2,000,000,000 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2023 among Kimco Realty OP, LLC, the Subsidiary Borrowers party thereto, the Lenders and Issuing Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents party thereto, as amended from time to time 

6. 

Assigned Interest: 

1 Select as applicable. 

Facility Assigned 2 

Aggregate Amount of 
			Commitment/Loans for 
			all Lenders 

Amount of 
			Commitment/Loans 
			Assigned 

Percentage Assigned of 

			 Commitment/Loans 3 

Tranche A Commitment 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Tranche B Commitment 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Revolving Commitment 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Effective Date: __________ ____, 20____ [ TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] 

The Assignee (in the case of an Assignee that is not a Lender) agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 

2 Revolving Credit (includes participations in Letters of Credit) / Competitive Loans 

 3 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 

ASSIGNOR 

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR] 

By: 
			Name: 
			Title: 

ASSIGNEE 

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE] 

By: 
			Name: 
			Title 

[ Consented to and ] 4 Accepted: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as 

			 Administrative Agent and as Issuing Lender 

By: 
			Name: 
			Title 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL 

			 ASSOCIATION, as Issuing Lender 

By: 
			Name: 
			Title 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
			as Issuing Lender 

By: 
			Name: 
			Title 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, 
			as Issuing Lender 

By: 
			Name: 
			Title 

4 To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

[ Consented to: ] 5 

KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC 

By: KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION, its 

			 managing member 

By: 
			Name: 
			Title 

5 To be added only if the consent of Kimco is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

ANNEX 1 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

1. Representations and Warranties . 

1.1 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of any Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document, (iv) any requirements under applicable law for the Assignee to become a lender under the Credit Agreement or to charge interest at the rate set forth therein from time to time or (v) the performance or observance by any Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 

1.2. Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date specified in this Assignment and Assumption, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements [ referred to in Section 4.1 thereof ] [ delivered pursuant to Sections 6.1 and 6.2 thereof as applicable, ] 6 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, the Assignor or any other Lender, and (vi) attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.12(d) thereof), duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

2. Payments . From and after the aforesaid Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding such Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after such Effective Date. 

3. General Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Acceptance and adoption of the terms of this Assignment and Assumption by the Assignee and the Assignor by Electronic Signature or delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by any Electronic System shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

6 Select as applicable. 

EXHIBIT B-1 
TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[FORM OF] 
 
REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE 

New York, New York 
_______________, ____, 20____ 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, Kimco Realty OP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the order of ______________ (the Lender at the office of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., located at 10 South Dearborn St., 7 th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603 (or at such other address as the Administrative Agent may hereafter specify by notice to the Borrower), in immediately available funds, on the date or dates specified in the Credit Agreement referred to below, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Credit Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Credit Agreement. All payments due to the Lender hereunder shall be made to the Lender at the place, in the currency and in the manner specified in such Credit Agreement. The Borrower further agrees to pay interest in like money at such office on the unpaid principal amount hereof from time to time outstanding at the rates and on the dates specified in Section 2.6 of such Credit Agreement. 

The holder of this Note is authorized to record on the schedules annexed hereto and made a part hereof or on a continuation thereof which shall be attached hereto and made a part hereof the date, Type, currency and amount of each Revolving Credit Loan made pursuant to the Credit Agreement, each continuation thereof, each conversion of all or a portion thereof to another Type, the date and amount of each payment or prepayment of principal thereof and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, the length of each Interest Period with respect thereto and, in the case of Short Term Loans, the Short Term Loan Maturity Date with respect thereto. Each such recordation shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information endorsed, provided that the failure of the holder of this Note to make any such endorsement or any error in any such endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower in respect of such Revolving Credit Loan. 

This Note (a) is one of the Revolving Credit Notes referred to in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement among Kimco Realty OP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the several banks, financial institutions and other entities from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), the Issuing Lender party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents party thereto, (b) is subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement and (c) is subject to optional prepayment in whole or in part as provided in the Credit Agreement. This Note is guaranteed as provided in the Credit Agreement and the Subsidiary Guarantees, if any. 

Upon the occurrence of any one or more of the Events of Default, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable, all as provided in the Credit Agreement. 

All parties now and hereafter liable with respect to this Note, whether maker, principal, surety, guarantor, endorser or otherwise, hereby waive presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC 

By: 
			 
			 KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION, 

			 its managing member 

By: 

Name: 

			 Title: 

REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE 

Schedule A 
 To Revolving Credit Note 

LOANS, CONVERSIONS AND REPAYMENTS OF ABR LOANS (ALL IN U.S. DOLLARS) 

Date 

Tranche A 
			or 
			Tranche B 

Amount of 
			ABR Loans 

Amount 
			Converted to 
			ABR Loans 

Amount of 

			 Principal of 

			 ABR Loans 

			 Repaid 

Amount of 
			ABR Loans 

			 Converted to 

			 Term 

			 Benchmark 

			 Loans 

Unpaid 
			Principal 
			Balance of 
			ABR Loans 

Notation 
			Made By 

Schedule B 
 To Revolving Credit Note 

LOANS, CONTINUATIONS, CONVERSIONS AND REPAYMENTS OF 
CANADIAN PRIME RATE LOANS (ALL IN CANADIAN DOLLARS) 

Date 

Amount of 
			Canadian Prime 
			Rate Loans 

Amount 
			Converted to 
			Canadian Prime 
			Rate Loans 

Amount of 
			Principal of 
			Canadian Prime 

			 Rate Loans 
			Repaid 

Amount of 
			Canadian Prime 
			Rate Loans 
			Converted to 
			Term Benchmark 
			Loans 

Unpaid 
			Principal 
			Balance of 
			Canadian Prime 
			Rate Loans 

Notation Made 
			By 

Schedule C 
 To Revolving Credit Note 

LOANS, CONTINUATIONS, CONVERSIONS AND REPAYMENTS 
OF TERM BENCHMARK LOANS 

Date 

Tranche A 
			or 
			Tranche B 

Currency and 
			Amount of 
			Term Benchmark 
			Loans 

Amount 
			Converted to 
			or Continued 
			as Term Benchmark 
			Loans 

Interest 
			Period and 
			Term Benchmark 
			Rate with 
			Respect 
			Thereto 

Amount of Principal of Term Benchmark Loans Repaid 

Amount of 
			Term Benchmark 
			Loans 
			Converted to 
			ABR Loans 

Unpaid 
			Principal 
			Balance of 
			Term Benchmark 
			Loans 

Notation 
			Made By 

Schedule D 
 To Revolving Credit Note 

LOANS, CONTINUATIONS, CONVERSIONS AND REPAYMENTS OF RFR LOANS 

Date 

Tranche A 
			or 
			Tranche B 

Currency and 
			Amount of 
			RFR Loan 

Amount 
			Converted to 
			RFR Loan 

Amount of Principal of RFR Loan Repaid 

Amount of 
			RFR Loan 
			Converted to 
			ABR Loans 

Unpaid 
			Principal 
			Balance of 
			RFR Loan 

Notation 
			Made By 

Schedule E 
 To Revolving Credit Note 

LOANS AND REPAYMENTS OF SHORT TERM LOANS (ALL IN U.S. DOLLARS) 

Date 

Amount of Short 
			Term Loans 

Short Term Loan Maturity Date 

Amount of Principal 
			of Short Term 
			Loans Repaid 

Unpaid Principal 
			Balance of Short 

			 Term Loans 

Notation Made By 

EXHIBIT B-2 

 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[FORM OF] 
 
COMPETITIVE LOAN NOTE 

New York, New York 
_______________ _____, 20____ 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Kimco ), hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the order of __________ (the Lender at the office of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., located at 10 South Dearborn St., 7 th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603 (or such other address as the Administrative Agent may hereafter specify by notice to Kimco), in immediately available funds, on the date or dates specified in the Credit Agreement referred to below, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Competitive Loans made by the Lender to Kimco pursuant to Section 2.1 of the Credit Agreement. All payments due to the Lender hereunder shall be made to the Lender at the place, in the currency and in the manner specified in such Credit Agreement. Kimco further agrees to pay interest in like money at such office on the unpaid principal amount hereof from time to time outstanding at the rates and on the dates specified in Section 2.6 of such Credit Agreement. 

The holder of this Note is authorized to record on the schedules annexed hereto and made a part hereof or on a continuation thereof which shall be attached hereto and made a part hereof the date, amount, Type, interest rate and duration of Interest Period (if applicable) of each Competitive Loan made by the Lender to Kimco, and the date and amount of each payment or prepayment of principal thereof. Each such recordation shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information endorsed, provided that the failure of the holder of this Note to make any such endorsement or any error in any such endorsement shall not affect the obligations of Kimco in respect of such Competitive Loan. 

This Note (a) is one of the Competitive Notes referred to in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement among Kimco, the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the several banks, financial institutions and other entities from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), the Issuing Lender party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents party thereto, (b) is subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, (c) is subject to optional prepayments of Competitive Loans upon the terms and conditions specified therein and (d) evidences Competitive Loans made by the Lender thereunder. This Note is guaranteed as provided in the Subsidiary Guarantees, if any. 

Upon the occurrence of any one or more of the Events of Default, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable, all as provided in the Credit Agreement. 

All parties now or hereafter liable with respect to this Note, whether maker, principal, surety, guarantor, endorser or otherwise, hereby waive presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC 

By: 
			 
			 KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION, 

			 its managing member 

By: 

Name: 

Title:

COMPETITIVE LOAN NOTE

SCHEDULE OF COMPETITIVE LOANS 

This Note evidences Competitive Loans made under the within-described Credit Agreement to Kimco, on the dates, in the principal amounts, of the Types, bearing interest at the rates and maturing on the dates set forth below, subject to the payments and prepayments of principal set forth below: 

Date 
			of 
			Loan 

Principal 
			Amount 
			of 
			Loan 

Type 
			of 
			Loan 

Interest 
			Rate 

Maturity 
			Date of 
			Loan 

Amount 
			Paid or 
			Prepaid 

Unpaid 
			Principal 
			Amount 

Notation 
			Made by 

EXHIBIT C 
TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[FORM OF] 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE, dated as of [____________], 20_ (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Subsidiary Guarantee ), made by each of the subsidiaries of KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC Kimco that are signatories hereto (the Subsidiary Guarantors ), in favor of JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent for the several banks, financial institutions and other entities from time to time party to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Lenders ), dated as of February 23, 2023 (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Kimco, the Subsidiaries of Kimco from time to time party thereto (the Subsidiary Borrowers together with Kimco, the Borrowers ), the Lenders, the Issuing Lender party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and the other agents party thereto. 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Lenders and the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, have severally agreed to make Revolving Credit Loans to, and to issue or participate in Letters of Credit for the account of, the Borrowers, and may make Competitive Loans to Kimco, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein (the Extensions of Credit 

WHEREAS, Kimco owns directly or indirectly all or a portion of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of each Subsidiary Guarantor; 

WHEREAS, the proceeds of the Extensions of Credit will be used in part to enable the Borrowers to make valuable transfers to each Subsidiary Guarantor in connection with the operation of its business; and 

WHEREAS, the Borrowers and the Subsidiary Guarantors are engaged in related businesses, and each Subsidiary Guarantor will derive substantial direct and indirect benefit from the making of and/or the availability of the Extensions of Credit; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders to enter into the Credit Agreement and to induce the Lenders and the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, to make their respective Revolving Credit Loans and Competitive Loans to, and to issue or participate in Letters of Credit for the account of, the Borrowers under the Credit Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantors hereby agree with the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lender, as follows: 

1. Defined Terms . (a) Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

(b) As used herein, Obligations means the collective reference to the unpaid principal of and interest on the Competitive Loans, the Revolving Credit Loans, the Notes, the Reimbursement Obligations and all other obligations and liabilities of the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Lenders (including, without limitation, interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in the Credit Agreement after the maturity of the Competitive Loans, Revolving Credit Loans and Reimbursement Obligations and interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided in the Credit Agreement after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to the Borrowers, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding), whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, the Credit Agreement, the Notes, the other Loan Documents, the Letters of Credit or any other document made, delivered or given in connection therewith, whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or otherwise and whether prejudgment or post-judgment (including, without limitation, all fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Lenders that are required to be paid by the Borrowers pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document). 

(c) The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Subsidiary Guarantee shall refer to this Subsidiary Guarantee as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Subsidiary Guarantee, and section references are to this Subsidiary Guarantee unless otherwise specified. 

(d) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. 

2. Subsidiary Guarantee . (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2(b), each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby, jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantees to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lender and their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment and performance by the Borrowers when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Obligations. 

(b) Anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of each Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall in no event exceed the amount which can be guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor under applicable federal and state laws relating to the insolvency of debtors. 

(c) Each Subsidiary Guarantor further agrees to pay any and all expenses (whether pre judgment or post-judgment and including, without limitation, all fees and disbursements of counsel) which may be paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender in enforcing, or obtaining advice of counsel in respect of, any rights with respect to, or collecting, any or all of the Obligations and/or enforcing any rights with respect to, or collecting against, such Subsidiary Guarantor under this Subsidiary Guarantee. This Subsidiary Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect until the Obligations are paid in full in cash, the Commitments are terminated and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding, notwithstanding that from time to time prior thereto the Borrowers or any of them may be free from any Obligations. 

(d) Each Subsidiary Guarantor agrees that the Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder without impairing this Subsidiary Guarantee or affecting the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender hereunder. 

(e) No payment or payments made by any Borrower, any of the Subsidiary Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender from any Borrower, any of the Subsidiary Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Obligations shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of any Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any such payment or payments other than payments made by such Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of the Obligations or payments received or collected from such Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of the Obligations, remain liable for the Obligations up to the maximum liability of such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder until the Obligations are paid in full in cash, the Commitments are terminated and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding. 

2

(f) Each Subsidiary Guarantor agrees that whenever, at any time, or from time to time, it shall make any payment to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender on account of its liability hereunder, it will notify the Administrative Agent in writing that such payment is made under this Subsidiary Guarantee for such purpose. 

3. Right of Contribution . Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Subsidiary Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder who has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Subsidiary Guarantor s right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 5 hereof. The provisions of this Section 3 shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Subsidiary Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders, and each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain liable to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders for the full amount guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder. 

4. Right of Set-off . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and each Lender are hereby authorized, without notice to such Subsidiary Guarantor or any other Subsidiary Guarantor, any such notice being expressly waived by each Subsidiary Guarantor, to set off and appropriate and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or such Lender to or for the credit or the account of such Subsidiary Guarantor, or any part thereof, in such amounts as the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or such Lender may elect, against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of such Subsidiary Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or such Lender hereunder and claims of every nature and description of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or such Lender against such Subsidiary Guarantor, in any currency, whether arising hereunder, under the Credit Agreement, any Note, any other Loan Documents or otherwise, as the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or such Lender may elect, whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender has made any demand for payment and although such obligations, liabilities and claims may be contingent or unmatured. The Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and each Lender shall notify such Subsidiary Guarantor promptly of any such set-off and the application made by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or such Lender; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and each Lender under this Section 4 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or such Lender may have. 

5. No Subrogation . Notwithstanding any payment or payments made by any of the Subsidiary Guarantors hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of any of the Subsidiary Guarantors by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender, no Subsidiary Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender against any Borrower or any other Subsidiary Guarantor or guarantee or right of offset held by the Issuing Lender or any Lender for the payment of the Obligations, nor shall any Subsidiary Guarantor seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from any Borrower or any other Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of payments made by such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders by the Borrowers on account of the Obligations are paid in full in cash, the Commitments are terminated and no Letter of Credit remains outstanding. If any amount shall be paid to any Subsidiary Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Obligations shall not have been paid in full in cash, such amount shall be held by such Subsidiary Guarantor in trust for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders, shall be segregated from other funds of such Subsidiary Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such Subsidiary Guarantor, be turned over to the Administrative Agent in the exact form received by such Subsidiary Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Subsidiary Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, if required), to be applied against the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Administrative Agent may determine. 

3

6. Amendments, etc. with respect to the Obligations; Waiver of Rights . Each Subsidiary Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation of rights against any Subsidiary Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by any Subsidiary Guarantor, any demand for payment of any of the Obligations made by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender may be rescinded by such party and any of the Obligations continued, and the Obligations, or the liability of any other party upon or for any part thereof, or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered or released by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender, and the Credit Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents and any other documents executed and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, all of the Lenders and/or the Required Lenders, as the case may be, may deem advisable from time to time, and any guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender for the payment of the Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. When making any demand hereunder against any of the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on the Borrowers or any other Subsidiary Guarantor or guarantor, and any failure by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender to make any such demand or to collect any payments from the Borrowers or any such other Subsidiary Guarantor or guarantor or any release of any Borrower or such other Subsidiary Guarantor or guarantor shall not relieve any of the Subsidiary Guarantors in respect of which a demand or collection is not made or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors not so released of their joint and several obligations or liabilities hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, express or implied, or as a matter of law, of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender against any of the Subsidiary Guarantors. For the purposes hereof, demand shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings. 

7. Guarantee Absolute and Unconditional . Each Subsidiary Guarantor waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of the Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender upon this Subsidiary Guarantee or acceptance of this Subsidiary Guarantee; the Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon this Subsidiary Guarantee; and all dealings between the Borrowers and any of the Subsidiary Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Subsidiary Guarantee. Each Subsidiary Guarantor waives diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or upon the Borrowers or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors with respect to the Obligations. Each Subsidiary Guarantor understands and agrees that this Subsidiary Guarantee shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee of payment without regard to (a) the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Credit Agreement, any Note or any other Loan Document, any of the Obligations or guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time held by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender, (b) any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance) which may at any time be available to or be asserted by any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or other obligor in respect of any of the Obligations against the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender, or (c) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Borrowers or such Subsidiary Guarantor) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of any Borrower for the Obligations, or of such Subsidiary Guarantor under this Subsidiary Guarantee, in bankruptcy or in any other instance. When pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any Subsidiary Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and any Lender may, but shall be under no obligation to, pursue such rights and remedies as it may have against any Borrower or any other Person or against any guarantee for the Obligations or any right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender to pursue such other rights or remedies or to collect any payments from any Borrower or any such other Person or to realize upon any such guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of any Borrower or any such other Person or any guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve such Subsidiary Guarantor of any liability hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter of law, of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders against such Subsidiary Guarantor. This Subsidiary Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon each Subsidiary Guarantor and the successors and assigns thereof, and shall inure to the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders, and their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, until all the Obligations and the obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor under this Subsidiary Guarantee shall have been satisfied by payment in full in cash, the Commitments shall be terminated and no Letter of Credit remains outstanding, notwithstanding that from time to time during the term of the Credit Agreement the Borrowers may be free from any Obligations. 

4

8. Reinstatement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Subsidiary Guarantee, this Subsidiary Guarantee shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, any Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made. 

9. Payments . Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Administrative Agent without set-off or counterclaim, in the currency of the applicable Obligation, at the office of the Administrative Agent located at 10 South Dearborn St., 7 th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603 or to such other office as the Administrative Agent may hereafter specify by notice to such Subsidiary Guarantor. 

10. Representations and Warranties ; Covenants . (a) Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby represents and warrants that (i) the Baseline Conditions relating to it are satisfied in all material respects on and as of the date hereof; and (ii) it is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary; provided that each reference in any representation and warranty to any Borrower s knowledge shall, for the purposes of this paragraph (a), be deemed to be a reference to such Subsidiary Guarantor s knowledge. 

(b) Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and each Lender that, from and after the date of this Subsidiary Guarantee until the Obligations are paid in full in cash, no Letter of Credit remains outstanding and the Commitments are terminated, such Subsidiary Guarantor shall take, or shall refrain from taking, as the case may be, all actions that are necessary to be taken or not taken so that no violation of any provision, covenant or agreement contained in Articles VI or VII of the Credit Agreement, and so that no Default or Event of Default, is caused by any act or failure to act of such Subsidiary Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries. 

5

11. Authority of Agent . Each Subsidiary Guarantor acknowledges that the rights and responsibilities of the Administrative Agent under this Subsidiary Guarantee with respect to any action taken by the Administrative Agent or the exercise or non-exercise by the Administrative Agent of any option, right, request, judgment or other right or remedy provided for herein or resulting or arising out of this Subsidiary Guarantee shall, as between the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders, be governed by the Credit Agreement and by such other agreements with respect thereto as may exist from time to time among them, but, as between the Administrative Agent and such Subsidiary Guarantor, the Administrative Agent shall be conclusively presumed to be acting as agent for the Issuing Lender and the Lenders with full and valid authority so to act or refrain from acting, and no Subsidiary Guarantor shall be under any obligation, or entitlement, to make any inquiry respecting such authority. 

12. Notices . All notices, requests and demands pursuant hereto shall be made in accordance with Section 10.2 of the Credit Agreement; provided that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any Subsidiary Guarantor shall be addressed to such Subsidiary Guarantor at the notice address set forth under its signature below. 

13. Counterparts . This Subsidiary Guarantee may be executed by one or more of the Subsidiary Guarantors on any number of separate counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the counterparts of this Subsidiary Guarantee signed by all the Subsidiary Guarantors shall be lodged with the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Subsidiary Guarantee by any electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Subsidiary Guarantee. 

14. Severability . Any provision of this Subsidiary Guarantee which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

15. Integration . This Subsidiary Guarantee represents the entire agreement of each Subsidiary Guarantor with respect to the subject matter hereof and there are no promises or representations by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not reflected herein. 

16. Amendments in Writing; No Novation; No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . (a) None of the terms or provisions of this Subsidiary Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except by a written instrument executed by the affected Subsidiary Guarantor(s) and the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 10.1 of the Credit Agreement. 

(b) Neither the Administrative Agent, nor the Issuing Lender, nor any Lender shall by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to Section 16(a) hereof), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any Default or Event of Default or in any breach of any of the terms and conditions hereof. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. A waiver by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or such Lender would otherwise have on any future occasion. 

6

(c) The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or concurrently and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law. 

17. Section Headings . The section headings used in this Subsidiary Guarantee are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof. 

18. Successors and Assigns . This Subsidiary Guarantee shall be binding upon the respective successors and assigns of each Subsidiary Guarantor and shall inure to the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Subsidiary Guarantor may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Subsidiary Guarantee without the prior written consent of each Lender, and any such assignment or transfer without such consent shall be null and void. 

19. Governing Law . This Subsidiary Guarantee shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

20. Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers . Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Subsidiary Guarantee and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the non-exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, and appellate courts from any thereof; 

(b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same; 

(c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, at its address set forth under its signature below; 

(d) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction; and 

(e) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section 20 any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 

21. WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL . EACH SUBSIDIARY GUARANTOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 

[Execution Pages Follow] 

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Subsidiary Guarantee to be duly executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer as of the day and year first above written. 

[ Insert name of Subsidiary Guarantor ] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for Notices for all Subsidiary Guarantors: 

Kimco Realty OP, LLC 
			500 North Broadway, Suite 201 
			Jericho, New York 11753 
			Attn: Glenn G. Cohen 
			Tel: (516) 869-9000 
			Fax: (516) 869-2572 

EXECUTION PAGE TO SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE 

EXHIBIT E 
TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[FORM OF] 
 
CLOSING CERTIFICATE 
 
OF 
 
KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION and 
KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC 

Pursuant to Section 5.1(i) of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2023 (the Credit Agreement terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC Kimco ), the Subsidiaries of Kimco from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Subsidiary Borrowers together with Kimco, the Borrowers ), the several banks, financial institutions and other entities from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), the Issuing Lender party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders thereunder, and the other agents party thereto: 

The undersigned Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Kimco Realty Corporation (the Ultimate Parent ), in its own capacity and in its capacity as the managing member of Kimco, hereby certifies as follows: 

1. Each of the conditions set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.2 of the Credit Agreement have been satisfied. 

2. The representations and warranties of the Ultimate Parent and Kimco set forth in each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party or which are contained in any certificate furnished by or on behalf of the Ultimate Parent or Kimco pursuant to or in connection with any of the Loan Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as if made on the date hereof except for representations and warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; 

3. No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of Kimco, threatened by or against Kimco, the Ultimate Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of its or their respective properties or revenues which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date hereof or shall have occurred and be continuing as of the date hereof or after giving effect to any Competitive Loans or Revolving Credit Loans to be made on the date hereof and/or after the issuance of any Letters of Credit pursuant to the Credit Agreement to be issued on the date hereof; 

5. [Kathleen M. Gazerro] is the duly elected and qualified Assistant Secretary of the Ultimate Parent and the signature set forth for such officer below is such officer s true and genuine signature; 

and the undersigned Assistant Secretary of the Ultimate Parent hereby certifies as follows: 

6. There are no liquidation or dissolution proceedings pending or to my knowledge threatened against the Ultimate Parent or Kimco, nor has any other event occurred adversely affecting or threatening the continued corporate existence of the Ultimate Parent or Kimco after the date hereof; 

7. The Ultimate Parent is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, and Kimco is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization; 

8. Attached hereto as Annex 1 is a correct and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Ultimate Parent, on its own behalf and as managing member of Kimco, on January 31, 2023 (the Resolutions authorizing (i) the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which the Ultimate Parent or Kimco is a party and (ii) the transactions (including the obtaining of extensions of credit under the Credit Agreement) contemplated by the Loan Documents to which the Ultimate Parent or Kimco is a party; such Resolutions have not in any way been amended, modified, revoked or rescinded and have been in full force and effect since their adoption to and including the date hereof and are now in full force and effect; and such Resolutions are the only corporate proceedings of Ultimate Parent now in force relating to or affecting the matters referred to therein; attached hereto as Annex 2 is a correct and complete copy of the By-Laws of the Ultimate Parent as in effect on the date hereof and on the date immediately prior to the date that the Resolutions were adopted, and such By-Laws have not been amended, repealed, modified or restated; attached hereto as Annex 3 is a correct and complete copy of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Ultimate Parent as in effect on the date hereof and on the date immediately prior to the date that the Resolutions were adopted, and such certificate has not been amended, repealed, modified or restated; attached hereto as Annex 4 is a good standing certificate dated as of [__________], 2023 from the jurisdiction of organization of the Ultimate Parent; attached hereto as Annex 5 is a correct and complete copy of the Limited Liability Company Agreement of Kimco as in effect on the date hereof and on the date immediately prior to the date that the Resolutions were adopted, and such Limited Liability Operating Agreement has not been amended, repealed, modified or restated; attached hereto as Annex 6 is a correct and complete copy of the Certificate of Formation of Kimco as in effect on the date hereof and on the date immediately prior to the date that the Resolutions were adopted, and such certificate has not been amended, repealed, modified or restated; and attached hereto as Annex 7 is a good standing certificate dated as of [__________], 2023 from the jurisdiction of organization of Kimco; and 

9. The following persons are now duly elected and qualified officers of the Ultimate Parent holding the offices indicated next to their respective names below, and the signatures appearing opposite their respective names below are the true and genuine signatures of such officers, and each of such officers is duly authorized to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Ultimate Parent, on its own behalf and as managing member of Kimco, each of the Loan Documents to which the Ultimate Parent or Kimco is a party, and each of such officers is duly authorized to execute and deliver on behalf of the Ultimate Parent and Kimco as managing member of Kimco any certificate or other document to be delivered by the Ultimate Parent or Kimco pursuant to the Loan Documents to which the Ultimate Parent or Kimco is a party: 

Name 

Office 

Signature 

[Glenn G. Cohen] 

[Executive Vice President, 

			 Chief Financial Officer and 

			 Treasurer] 

[Kathleen M. Gazerro] 

[Assistant Secretary] 

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have hereunto set our names as of the date set forth below. 

Name: Glenn G. Cohen 

			 Title: [Executive Vice President, 
			Chief Financial Officer and 
			Treasurer] 

Name: Kathleen M. Gazerro 

			 Title: [Assistant Secretary] 

Date: February ___, 2023 

3

Annex 1 
to Closing Certificate 

Resolutions 

4

Annex 2 
to Closing Certificate 

By-Laws of the Ultimate Parent 

5

Annex 3 
to Closing Certificate 

Certificate of Incorporation of the Ultimate Parent 

6

Annex 4 
to Closing Certificate 

Good Standing Certificate of the Ultimate Parent 

7

Annex 5 
to Closing Certificate 

Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of Kimco 

8

Annex 6 
to Closing Certificate 

Certificate of Formation of Kimco 

9

Annex 7 
to Closing Certificate 

Good Standing Certificate of Kimco 

10

EXHIBIT F 
TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

FORM OF 

COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE] 

For the Fiscal Quarter ended 

For the Fiscal Year ended 

This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to Section 6.2(b) of the 2,000,000,000 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2023 (the Credit Agreement ), among KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC Kimco ), the Subsidiary Borrowers from Time to Time Party thereto, the Several Lenders from Time to Time Party thereto, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents party thereto. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. 

The undersigned Responsible Officer of Kimco Realty Corporation, the managing member of Kimco, hereby certifies as follows: 

(1) The financial statements referred to in Section 6.1(a) or 6.1(b), as the case may be, of the Credit Agreement which are delivered concurrently with the delivery of this Compliance Certificate are complete and correct in all material respects and have been prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior periods except as approved by the accountants performing the audit in connection therewith or the undersigned, as the case may be, and disclosed therein. 

(2) The covenants listed below are calculated with respect to the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Ultimate Parent ended on the date set forth above. 

(Amounts presented in 000 s except ratios) 

1 

Total Indebtedness Ratio (Section 7.1(a)) 

(a) Total Indebtedness 

(i) Principal amount of all Indebtedness of Kimco, its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, and any other Consolidated Entity 

Exclusion 

(ii) Amount of (i) that matures within 24 months 

(iii) Unrestricted cash held by Kimco and Consolidated entities 

(iv) Amount by which (iii) exceeds 35,000,000 

(v) Exclusion = lesser of (ii) and (iv) 

(vi) Total Indebtedness (for purposes of ratio) = (i) minus (v) 

1

(b) Gross Asset Value 

Start by calculating Total EBITDA: 1 +/- 2 = 3 

1. Consolidated Net Income 

2. Adjustments to Consolidated Net Income 

add back: 

A. Depreciation and Amortization 

B. Losses on extraordinary items 

C. Losses on sales of operating real estate 

D. Losses on early extinguishment of debt 

E. Noncash impairments 

F. Losses on investments in marketable securities 

G. Provisions for income taxes 

H. EBITDA adjustment of Unconsolidated Entities 

I. Acquisition costs 

J. Total interest expense 

and subtract: 

A. Gain on extraordinary items 

B. Gain on sale of operating real estate 

C. Gain on early extinguishment of debt 

D. Gains on investments in marketable securities 

E. Benefits for income taxes 

Net Adjustments to Consolidated Net Income 

2

(i) 3. Total EBITDA = Consolidated Net Income +/- Net Adjustments 

(ii) Management fee income included in Total EBITDA 

(iii) Other income included in Total EBITDA not attributable to Properties 

(iv) Sum of (ii) and (iii) 

(v) 15 of Total EBITDA above 

(vi) Amount by which (iv) exceeds (v) 

(vii) Replacement reserves of .15 per year per square foot of gross leasable area (pro rated for the applicable period) 

(viii) Straight lining adjustment 

(ix) EBITDA of the Unconsolidated Entities 

(x) Income from mezzanine and mortgage loan receivables 

(xi) Dividend and interest income from marketable securities 

(xii) EBITDA of Properties acquired within last 24 months 

(xiii) Total Adjusted EBITDA = (i) minus (vi) minus (vii) minus (viii) minus (ix) minus (x) minus (xi) minus (xii) 

(xiv) (Reserved) 

(xv) Capitalized annualized Total Adjusted EBITDA = Line (xiii) divided by (1) 0.0600 for the multifamily component and (2) 0.0625 for all other components 

(xvi) Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 

(xvii) Land and development projects of Kimco and Consolidated Entities, at lower of cost or book value 

(xviii) Mezzanine and mortgage loan receivables of Kimco and Consolidated Entities, at lower of cost or market 

(xix) (Reserved) 

(xx) Marketable securities held by Kimco and Consolidated Entities, as valued on Kimco s consolidated financial statements 

(xxi) Ultimate Parents s investment in and advances to Unconsolidated Entities 

(xxii) 100 of the bona fide purchase price of Properties acquired within last 24 months 

(xxiii) SUBTOTAL: Gross Asset Value = (xv) plus (xvi) plus (xvii) plus (xviii) plus (xix) plus (xx) plus (xxi) plus (xxii) (subject to Adjustments, if any) 

Adjustment to reduce Gross Asset Value by amount of Exclusion from Total Indebtedness 

Adjustment to limit (xxi) to 30 of Gross Asset Value 

3

Adjustment to limit sum of (xvii) plus (xviii) (other than mortgage loan receivables, at lower of cost or market) plus (xxi) to 40 of Gross Asset Value 

Adjustment so no more than 30 of Gross Asset Value is attributable to assets located outside United States and Puerto Rico or to assets owned by Entities not organized in and not having principal offices in the United States or Puerto Rico 

(xxiv) Gross Asset Value (after Adjustments) 

TOTAL INDEBTEDNESS RATIO (a)/(b) 

Must be less than or equal to: 0.60 (or 0.65 for a period not to exceed four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters in the event that during the applicable period Kimco or one of the Consolidated Entities has incurred Indebtedness in connection with Major Acquisitions) 

2 

Total Priority Indebtedness Ratio (Section 7.1(b)) 

(a) Total Priority Indebtedness 

(i) Indebtedness of Kimco and Consolidated Entities, secured by their respective assets 

(ii) Unsecured third party Indebtedness of the Consolidated Entities other than to Kimco or any Consolidated Entity (excluding any unsecured debt unconditionally guaranteed by Ultimate Parent or Kimco) 

(iii) Sum of (i) and (ii) 

Exclusion 

(iv) Amount of (i) and (ii) that matures within 24 months 

(v) Unrestricted cash held by Kimco and Consolidated Entities 

(vi) Amount by which (v) exceeds 35,000,000 

(vii) Exclusion = lesser of (iv) and (vi) 

(viii) Total Priority Indebtedness (for purposes of ratio) = (iii) minus (vii) 

(b) Gross Asset Value 

(i) SUBTOTAL: Gross Asset Value (Total Indebtedness ratio calculation) (subject to Adjustments, if any) 

Adjustment to reduce Gross Asset Value by amount of Exclusion from Total Priority Indebtedness 

Adjustment to limit (xxi) to 30 of Gross Asset Value 

Adjustment to limit sum of (xvii) plus (xviii) (other than mortgage loan receivables, at lower of cost or market) plus (xxi) to 40 of Gross Asset Value 

Adjustment so no more than 30 of Gross Asset Value is attributable to assets located outside United States and Puerto Rico or to assets owned by Entities not organized in and not having principal offices in the United States or Puerto Rico 

(ii) Gross Asset Value (after Adjustments) 

TOTAL PRIORITY INDEBTEDNESS RATIO (a)/(b): 

Must be less than or equal to: 0.35 

4

3 

Minimum Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio (Section 7.1(e)) 

(a) Property NOI of Unencumbered Properties 

(v) Property Gross Revenues 

(w) Property Operating Expenses 

(x) management fee reserve of 3 of Property Gross Revenues 

(y) replacement reserve @ .15 per square foot, per annum of GLA 

(z) Unencumbered Property NOI = (v) - (w) - (x) - (y) 

(b) 75 of management fee revenues in respect of properties owned by Unconsolidated Entities 

(c) Dividends and interest on marketable securities 

(d) Income from mezzanine and mortgage loan receivables 

(e) Unencumbered Assets NOI = (a) plus (b) plus (c) plus (d), subject to the following adjustment: 

Adjustment so no more than 30 of Unencumbered Assets NOI is attributable to assets located outside United States and Puerto Rico, or to Entities not organized in and not having principal offices in the United States or Puerto Rico, management fee revenues earned in respect of properties owned by any Unconsolidated Entity, and dividend and interest income from unencumbered mezzanine loan receivables 

(f) Unencumbered Assets NOI 

(g) Total Unsecured Interest Expense (actual interest expense (accrued, paid, or capitalized) on all Unsecured Debt of Kimco or any Consolidated Entity, but excluding (i) non-cash interest expense with respect to convertible debt, (ii) amortization of above/below-market debt amounts and of deferred financing costs and (iii) facility fees attributable to the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility and (iv) prepayment penalties) 

RATIO OF UNENCUMBERED ASSETS NOI TO TOTAL UNSECURED INTEREST EXPENSE (f)/(g) 

Must be greater than or equal to: 1.75:1.00 

5

4 

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (Section 7.1(f)) 

Total Adjusted EBITDA (as used in Fixed Charge Ratio calculation) 

(a) Total Adjusted EBITDA (from prior page) 

Add back: 

(b) Income from mezzanine and mortgage loan receivables 

(c) Dividend and interest income from marketable securities 

(d) EBITDA of Properties acquired within last 24 months 

(e) Cash flow distributions from Unconsolidated Entities over past 12 months 

(f) Fixed Charge Total Adjusted EBITDA = (a) plus (b) plus (c) plus (d) plus 

Total Debt Service 

(g) Total Adjusted Interest Expense (actual interest expense (accrued, paid, capitalized, and reduced by forgiven accrued amounts) of Kimco and the Consolidated Entities but excluding (i) non-cash interest expense with respect to convertible debt, (ii) amortization of above/below-market debt amounts and of deferred financing costs, (iii) facility fees attributable to the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility, and (iv) prepayment penalties) 

(h) scheduled principal amortization for Kimco and Consolidated Entities (excluding optional prepayments, balloon payments due at maturity, and non-cash interest on convertible debt, (excluding optional prepayments, balloon payments due at maturity, and non-cash interest on convertible debt and provided that the amount of any scheduled principal debt amortization payment paid during the Test Period with respect to Indebtedness related to a property acquired during such Test Period shall be limited in proportion to the fraction of such Test Period during which Kimco or another Consolidated Entity owned such property or had assumed such Indebtedness as applicable) 

(i) Preferred stock dividends 

(j) Total Debt Service = Total of (g), (h) and (i) 

FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO: (f)/(j) 

Must be greater than or equal to: 1.50:1.00 

6

(3) To the best of such Responsible Officer s knowledge, the Borrower and each of the other Loan Parties has, during the period referred to above, observed or performed all of its covenants and other agreements, and satisfied every condition contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party to be observed, performed or satisfied by it, and as of the date hereof such Responsible Officer has obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of Default except as follows: NONE. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereto set my name. 

Name: Glenn G. Cohen 

Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial 

Officer and Treasurer 

7

EXHIBIT G 
TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[FORM OF] 
ADHERENCE AGREEMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

ADHERENCE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of ____by _____, a _____, which is a new Subsidiary Borrower (the New Borrower ), and Kimco Realty OP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the direct or indirect parent of the New Borrower Kimco ), in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders. 

Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2023 among Kimco, the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, the Issuing Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents party thereto (as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms used herein as defined terms and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given thereto in the Credit Agreement. 

Section 10.10 of the Credit Agreement provides that, subject to certain conditions, the undersigned New Borrower may become a party to, and a Borrower under, the Credit Agreement by entering into an agreement in the form of this Agreement. 

Accordingly, and for other good and lawful consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

1. In accordance with Section 10.10 of the Credit Agreement, the New Borrower by its signature below becomes a Borrower under the Credit Agreement with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Borrower. The New Borrower hereby agrees to all of the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement applicable to it as a Subsidiary Borrower thereunder. Hereafter, each reference to a Borrower in the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to include the New Borrower. The Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 

2. The New Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that (a) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and (ii) general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); (b) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing immediately after giving effect to the execution and delivery of this Agreement; (c) the Baseline Conditions relating to it are satisfied in all material respects on and as of the date hereof; and (d) it is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary. 

3. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one agreement. This Agreement shall become effective when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Agreement that bear the signatures of the New Borrower and Kimco. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by any electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

4. The New Borrower agrees to furnish to the Administrative Agent such information as the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall reasonably request in connection with the New Borrower. 

5. Except as expressly supplemented hereby, the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

6. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

7. If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein and in any other Loan Document shall not in any way be affected or impaired. The parties hereto shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 

8. All communications and notices hereunder shall be in writing and given as provided in Section 10.2 of the Credit Agreement. All communications and notices hereunder to the New Borrower shall be given to it at the address set forth under its signature hereto. 

9. Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by all of the Borrowers at the time thereof and the Administrative Agent. 

10. The New Borrower agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, including the reasonable fees, other charges and disbursements of counsel. 

[ SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS ] 

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Adherence Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. 

[NEW BORROWER] 

By: 

Name: 
			Title: 

Address: 

KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC 

By: 
			 
			 KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION, its 

			 managing member 

By: 

Name: 
			Title: 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF ADHERENCE AGREEMENT] 

EXHIBIT H-1 
TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[FORM OF] 
 
U.S. TAX CERTIFICATE 

(For Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Kimco Realty OP, LLC, the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, the Issuing Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents party thereto. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the applicable Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the applicable Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

In the case of a Lender that is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, each of the above certifications and representations is given with respect to the person treated as such Lender s owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER] 

By: 
			Name: 
			Title: 
			Date: _______________, 20[ ] 

EXHIBIT H-2 
TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[FORM OF] 
 
U.S. TAX CERTIFICATE 

(For Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Kimco Realty OP, LLC, the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, the Issuing Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement, neither the undersigned nor any of its partners/members is a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the applicable Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the applicable Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s or its partners/members conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E from each of its partners/members claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

In the case of a Lender that is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, each of the above certifications and representations is given with respect to the person treated as such Lender s owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER] 

By: 
			Name: 
			Title: 
			Date: _______________, 20[ ] 

EXHIBIT H-3 
TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[FORM OF] 
 
U.S. TAX CERTIFICATE 

(For Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Kimco Realty OP, LLC, the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, the Issuing Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the applicable Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the applicable Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non U.S. person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

In the case of a Participant that is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, each of the above certifications and representations is given with respect to the person treated as such Participant s owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER] 

By: 
			Name: 
			Title: 
			Date: _______________, 20[ ] 

EXHIBIT H-4 
TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[FORM OF] 
 
U.S. TAX CERTIFICATE 

(For Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Kimco Realty OP, LLC, the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, the Issuing Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its partners/members is a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the applicable Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the applicable Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned s or its partners/members conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E from each of its partners/members claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

In the case of a Participant that is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, each of the above certifications and representations is given with respect to the person treated as such Participant s owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER] 

By: 
			Name: 
			Title: 
			Date: _______________, 20[ ] 

EXHIBIT I 
TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

[FORM OF] 

PRICING CERTIFICATE 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
Loan and Agency Services Group 
10 S. Dearborn St., Floor 7 
Chicago, Illinois 60603 
Attention: Mary Hackett, Loan Servicer, 
 CLS REB Chicago 
Telecopy: (312) 385-7101 
Email: Cls.reb.chicago@jpmchase.com 

Copy to: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 

 as Administrative Agent 

 277 Park Avenue. 36 th Floor 
New York, New York 10017 
Attention: Austin Lotito 
Telephone: (212) 648-0247 

[Date] 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2023 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Kimco Realty OP, LLC Kimco ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), and each lender from time to time party thereto. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. This Pricing Certificate (this Certificate is furnished pursuant to Section 2.19(f) of the Credit Agreement. 

THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES SOLELY IN [HIS/HER] CAPACITY AS [CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PRESIDENT, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OR TREASURER OF KIMCO AND NOT IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY (AND WITHOUT PERSONAL LIABILITY) THAT: 

1. I am the duly elected chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer or treasurer of Kimco, and I am authorized to deliver this Certificate on behalf of Kimco; 

2. Attached as Annex A hereto is a true and correct copy of the KPI Metrics Report for the 20[__] calendar year; and 

3. The Sustainability Facility Fee Adjustment in respect of the 20[__] calendar year is [+][-][___] per annum, Sustainability L/C Fee Adjustment in respect of the 20[__] calendar year is [+][-][___] per annum and the Sustainability Rate Adjustment in respect of the 20[__] calendar year is [+][-][___] per annum, in each case as computed as set forth on Annex B hereto. 

The foregoing certifications are made and delivered this _____ day of __________, 20[__]. 

Very truly yours, 

KIMCO REALTY OP, LLC, 
			as the Borrower 

By: 
			 Kimco Realty Corporation, 
			its managing member 

By: 

Name: 

			 Title: 

SCHEDULE 1.1A 

 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

LENDERS AND COMMITMENTS 

On file with the Administrative Agent. 

SCHEDULE 3.10 

 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT 1 

Beneficiary 

Letter of Credit No. 

Expiration 

Amount 

Board of Supervisors of Fairfax County 

CTCS-314787 

10/4/2023 

1,178,600.00 

TOTAL 

1,178,600.00 

1 All Existing Letters of Credit were issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

SCHEDULE 4.1 

 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

CERTAIN FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

SCHEDULE 4.19 

 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

CONDEMNATION PROCEEDINGS 

Site Reference 

Location 

105890 

Austin, TX 

106420 

Camden, NJ 

106490 

Blue Bell, PA 

111750 

Sterling, VA 

113760 

Ellicott City, MD 

116260 

Mooresville, NC 

116920 

Humble, TX 

116920 

Humble, TX 

116640 

Cherry Hill, NJ 

190200 

Pittsburgh, PA 

SCHEDULE 7.2 

 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

TRANSACTION(S) REFERRED TO IN SECTION 7.2 

None. 

SCHEDULE 7.7 

 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

TRANSACTION(S) REFERRED TO IN SECTION 7.7 

1. 

Indenture, dated as of September 1, 1993, between Kimco Realty Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to IBJ Schroder Bank Trust Company), as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of August 4, 1994, the second supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of April 7, 1995, the third supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of June 2, 2006, the fourth supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of April 26, 2007, the fifth supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of September 24, 2009, the sixth supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of May 23, 2013, the seventh supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of April 24, 2014, and the eighth supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of January 3, 2023. 

2. 

Indenture, dated as of May 1, 1995 between Kimco Realty OP, LLC (as successor to Kimco Realty Corporation, as successor in interest to Weingarten Realty Investors) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as successor in interest to Texas Commerce Bank National Association), as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of August 2, 2006, the second supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of October 9, 2012, the third supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of August 3, 2021, and the fourth supplemental indenture thereto, dated as of January 3, 2023. 

SCHEDULE ST 

 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

SUSTAINABILITY TABLE 

Metric 

2018 

			 Baseline 

Annual Sustainability Targets and Thresholds 

CY2023 

CY2024 

CY2025 

CY2026 

CY2027 

> 12.5 

> 15.0 

> 17.5 

> 20.0 

> 22.5 

KPI Target A 

> 12.0 

> 14.5 

> 17.0 

> 19.5 

> 22.0 

KPI Target B 

KPI 

0 

KPI Threshold B 

KPI Threshold A 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex_471539.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_471539.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES 

KRCX WRI HOLDINGS, LLC 

87-1304253 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex_471538.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_471538.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-269102) of Kimco Realty Corporation and Kimco Realty OP, LLC and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-238131, 333-85659, 333-167265, and 333-184776) of Kimco Realty Corporation of our report dated February 24, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
New York, New York 
February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex_471537.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_471537.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Conor C. Flynn, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kimco Realty Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Conor C. Flynn 

Conor C. Flynn 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex_471554.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Glenn G. Cohen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kimco Realty Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Glenn G. Cohen 

Glenn G. Cohen 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 9
 ex_471553.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

Exhibit 31.3 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Conor C. Flynn, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kimco Realty OP, LLC; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Conor C. Flynn 

Conor C. Flynn 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 10
 ex_471552.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.4

Exhibit 31.4 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Glenn G. Cohen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kimco Realty OP, LLC; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Glenn G. Cohen 

Glenn G. Cohen 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 ex_471551.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Section 1350 Certification 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Kimco Realty Corporation (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

(i) 

the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Conor C. Flynn 

Conor C. Flynn 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 ex_471550.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

Section 1350 Certification 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Kimco Realty Corporation (the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

(i) 

the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Glenn G. Cohen 

Glenn G. Cohen 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 13
 ex_471549.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.3

Exhibit 32.3 

Section 1350 Certification 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Kimco Realty OP, LLC Kimco OP hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

(i) 

the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Kimco OP. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Conor C. Flynn 

Conor C. Flynn 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-32.4>
 14
 ex_471548.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.4

Exhibit 32.4 

Section 1350 Certification 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Kimco Realty OP, LLC Kimco OP hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

(i) 

the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(ii) 

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Kimco OP. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Glenn G. Cohen 

Glenn G. Cohen 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.4>

<EX-99.1>
 15
 ex_471559.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 99.1 

MAJOR LEASES 

GROCER 

LOCATION 

BUILDING NAME 

PORTFOLIO 

YEAR DEVELOPED OR ACQUIRED 

LEASABLE AREA (SQ.FT.) 

PERCENT LEASED (1) 

TENANT NAME 

GLA 

TENANT NAME 

GLA 

Tenant Name 

GLA 

ARIZONA 

CHANDLER 

RAINTREE RANCH CENTER (3) 

2021 

128,822 

100.0 

MY SISTER'S CLOSET 

15,533 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

60,000 

MESA 

MESA RIVERVIEW 

2005 

1,104,912 

92.7 

BASS PRO SHOPS OUTDOOR WORLD 

170,000 

HOME DEPOT 

102,589 

WALMART 

208,000 

MESA 

RED MOUNTAIN GATEWAY 

2021 

75,128 

96.2 

BED BATH BEYOND 

29,781 

ULTA 

10,000 

TARGET (4) 

125,527 

MESA 

MONTE VISTA VILLAGE CENTER 

2021 

45,751 

88.2 

PETER PIPER PIZZA 

10,000 

ORO VALLEY 

ENTRADA DE ORO PLAZA 

2021 

88,665 

91.0 

WALMART NEIGHBORHOOD MARKET 

45,163 

PEORIA 

NORTH VALLEY S.C. 

2011 

177,078 

100.0 

URBAN AIR 

53,984 

JOANN 

40,734 

TARGET (4) 

151,457 

PHOENIX 

METRO SQUARE 

1998 

218,608 

100.0 

BURLINGTON 

98,054 

MICHAELS 

23,190 

PHOENIX 

PLAZA DEL SOL (3) 

1998 

226,727 

96.5 

COSTCO 

141,659 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

24,390 

RANCH MARKET (4) 

103,909 

PHOENIX 

PLAZA @ MOUNTAINSIDE 

1997 

131,621 

96.1 

SAFEWAY 

62,573 

PHOENIX 

VILLAGE CROSSROADS 

2011 

184,292 

98.2 

MICHAELS 

25,666 

WALMART 

110,627 

PHOENIX 

CHRISTOWN SPECTRUM 

2015 

837,848 

95.8 

AMERICAN FURNITURE WAREHOUSE 

149,609 

HARKINS THEATRES 

62,322 

WALMART 

251,361 

PHOENIX 

CAMELBACK VILLAGE SQUARE 

2021 

132,731 

100.0 

SKY ZONE 

22,403 

FRY'S FOOD DRUG STORE 

82,838 

PHOENIX 

SQUAW PEAK PLAZA 

2021 

61,102 

100.0 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

32,725 

PHOENIX 

MADISON VILLAGE MARKETPLACE 

2021 

90,264 

98.9 

SAFEWAY 

49,364 

SCOTTSDALE 

FOUNTAIN PLAZA 

2021 

112,055 

98.1 

DOLLAR TREE 

12,000 

FRY'S FOOD DRUG STORE 

63,805 

SCOTTSDALE 

SCOTTSDALE HORIZON 

2021 

153,739 

97.4 

CVS 

16,853 

SAFEWAY 

55,255 

SCOTTSDALE 

DESERT VILLAGE 

2021 

101,685 

92.6 

CVS 

16,856 

MY SISTER'S CLOSET 

12,114 

AJ S FINE FOOD 

26,381 

SCOTTSDALE 

SCOTTSDALE WATERFRONT 

2021 

93,334 

100.0 

MOUNTAINSIDE FITNESS EXECUTIVE CLUB 

15,238 

URBAN OUTFITTERS 

11,144 

SCOTTSDALE 

CAMELBACK MILLER PLAZA 

2021 

150,411 

95.3 

TJ MAXX 

34,255 

PETSMART 

28,033 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

28,500 

SCOTTSDALE 

THE SUMMIT AT SCOTTSDALE 

OIP 

2021 

190,493 

96.8 

OFFICEMAX 

15,147 

CVS 

13,813 

SAFEWAY 

64,500 

SUN CITY 

BELL CAMINO CENTER 

2012 

105,380 

95.5 

CVS 

24,519 

SAFEWAY 

45,121 

TEMPE 

COLLEGE PARK S.C. - TEMPE 

2011 

62,285 

92.6 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET (2) 

32,306 

TEMPE 

BROADWAY MARKETPLACE 

2021 

82,507 

98.4 

OFFICEMAX 

29,331 

PAUL'S ACE HARDWARE 

16,235 

TEMPE 

PUEBLO ANOZIRA 

2021 

156,441 

96.1 

PETCO 

15,000 

DOLLAR TREE 

11,524 

FRY'S FOOD DRUG STORE 

61,143 

TUCSON 

SHOPPES AT BEARS PATH 

2021 

43,838 

73.2 

TUCSON 

MADERA VILLAGE 

2021 

96,697 

82.9 

DOLLAR TREE 

10,800 

SAFEWAY 

40,723 

CALIFORNIA 

ALHAMBRA 

COSTCO PLAZA - ALHAMBRA (3) 

1998 

187,673 

100.0 

JOANN 

13,472 

COSTCO 

157,019 

ANAHEIM 

ANAHEIM PLAZA (3) 

2021 

296,424 

98.2 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

27,200 

BURLINGTON 

26,258 

EL SUPER 

54,087 

ANAHEIM 

BROOKHURST CENTER 

2016 

154,043 

96.5 

RITE AID 

18,235 

BLINK FITNESS 

16,310 

RALPH'S 

45,000 

ANAHEIM 

SYCAMORE PLAZA (3) 

PRU 

2006 

106,598 

100.0 

HARBOR FREIGHT TOOLS 

17,459 

DOLLAR TREE 

10,797 

STATER BROTHERS 

37,440 

BELLFLOWER 

LAKEWOOD PLAZA 

2014 

113,233 

86.1 

BEST BUY 

64,039 

PLANET FITNESS 

29,025 

BELLFLOWER 

CENTERWOOD PLAZA 

2021 

75,486 

100.0 

DOLLAR TREE 

10,000 

SUPERIOR GROCERS 

30,800 

BENICIA 

SOUTHAMPTON CENTER 

2021 

162,026 

95.4 

ACE HARDWARE 

13,923 

RALEY'S 

60,000 

CARLSBAD 

NORTH COUNTY PLAZA (3) 

2014 

147,420 

81.6 

MARSHALLS 

27,000 

DOLLAR TREE 

16,610 

CARMICHAEL 

MADISON PLAZA 

1998 

212,754 

100.0 

HOME DEPOT 

110,861 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

21,890 

WALMART NEIGHBORHOOD MARKET 

44,257 

CASTRO VALLEY 

580 MARKET PLACE 

2021 

100,097 

100.0 

24 HOUR FITNESS 

14,335 

SAFEWAY 

36,110 

CHICO 

CHICO CROSSROADS 

2008 

244,950 

92.1 

EVANS FURNITURE GALLERIES 

38,250 

BED BATH BEYOND 

25,002 

FOOD MAXX 

54,239 

CHINO 

CHINO TOWN SQUARE 

PRU 

2006 

339,001 

57.9 

CURACAO 

104,465 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,730 

TARGET (4) 

112,062 

CHINO HILLS 

LABAND VILLAGE S.C. 

2008 

73,352 

96.9 

STATER BROTHERS 

43,235 

CHINO HILLS 

CHINO HILLS MARKETPLACE 

2021 

310,612 

95.6 

24 HOUR FITNESS 

35,000 

RITE AID 

23,830 

SMART FINAL 

47,616 

COLMA 

280 METRO CENTER 

2015 

227,829 

94.4 

MARSHALLS 

32,000 

ASHLEY HOMESTORE 

30,809 

CORONA 

CORONA HILLS PLAZA 

1998 

489,151 

100.0 

COSTCO 

114,112 

HOME DEPOT 

100,000 

99 RANCH MARKET (4) 

42,630 

COVINA 

COVINA TOWN SQUARE 

KIR 

2000 

277,782 

95.6 

LOWE'S HOME CENTER 

111,348 

SKYZONE 

25,608 

ALDI 

17,508 

CUPERTINO 

CUPERTINO VILLAGE (3) 

2006 

128,826 

83.5 

99 RANCH MARKET 

29,657 

DALY CITY 

WESTLAKE S.C. (3) 

2002 

584,731 

92.4 

HOME DEPOT 

109,000 

BURLINGTON 

55,000 

SAFEWAY 

57,817 

DUBLIN 

DUBLIN RETAIL CENTER 

PRU 

2006 

156,421 

99.6 

MARSHALLS 

32,000 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

31,060 

H MART 

37,180 

EL CAJON 

RANCHO SAN DIEGO 

CPP 

2010 

98,316 

91.6 

RITE AID 

27,642 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

24,000 

ELK GROVE 

BEL AIR VILLAGE S.C. 

PRU 

2006 

137,035 

99.2 

24 HOUR FITNESS 

22,000 

BEL AIR MARKET 

56,435 

ENCINITAS 

EL CAMINO PROMENADE 

2021 

128,740 

97.0 

TJ MAXX 

26,943 

BURLINGTON 

24,190 

ESCONDIDO 

DEL NORTE PLAZA (3) 

PRU 

2006 

221,903 

93.0 

LA FITNESS 

40,000 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

24,729 

VONS 

40,000 

FREEDOM 

FREEDOM CENTRE 

2021 

150,865 

98.4 

BIG LOTS 

34,169 

RITE AID 

21,440 

SAFEWAY 

55,747 

FREMONT 

FREMONT HUB 

PRU 

2007 

504,666 

88.6 

DICK S WAREHOUSE SALE 

39,830 

MARSHALLS 

30,028 

SAFEWAY 

54,741 

FREMONT 

BROOKVALE S.C. 

2021 

129,916 

100.0 

CVS 

24,437 

PLANET FITNESS 

24,145 

SAVE MART 

48,000 

FREMONT 

GATEWAY PLAZA 

2021 

192,104 

95.0 

24 HOUR FITNESS 

26,550 

CINELOUNGE FREMONT 7 

25,988 

RALEY'S 

62,418 

GARDENA 

GARDENA GATEWAY CENTER 

PRU 

2006 

65,987 

98.0 

DAISO JAPAN 

19,300 

99 RANCH MARKET 

22,000 

HAYWARD 

CREEKSIDE CENTER 

2016 

80,911 

90.7 

99 CENTS ONLY 

29,300 

LAS MONTANAS SUPERMARKET 

23,334 

HUNTINGTON BEACH 

MARINA VILLAGE 

PRU 

2006 

148,805 

99.3 

CVS 

20,120 

CRUNCH FITNESS 

16,609 

VONS 

40,800 

LA MIRADA 

LA MIRADA THEATER CENTER 

1998 

264,513 

95.8 

UFC GYM 

45,388 

U.S. POSTAL SERVICE 

26,577 

ALBERTSONS (4) 

47,199 

LA VERNE 

LA VERNE TOWNE CENTER 

2014 

226,872 

96.0 

MARSHALLS 

27,764 

STAPLES 

15,661 

TARGET 

114,732 

LINCOLN 

LINCOLN HILLS TOWN CENTER 

2015 

116,409 

96.6 

CVS 

23,077 

SAFEWAY 

55,342 

LIVERMORE 

PLAZA 580 S.C. 

PRU 

2006 

104,165 

92.1 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

24,000 

DOLLAR TREE 

12,061 

TARGET (4) 

112,739 

LOS ANGELES 

KENNETH HAHN PLAZA 

2010 

150,482 

97.7 

DD'S DISCOUNTS 

22,041 

RITE AID 

18,160 

RALPH'S/FOOD 4 LESS 

38,950 

LOS ANGELES 

VERMONT-SLAUSON S.C. 

PRU 

2006 

161,900 

96.9 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

29,356 

CVS 

25,487 

SUPERIOR GROCERS 

34,420 

LOS ANGELES 

8000 SUNSET STRIP S.C. 

2021 

168,554 

84.2 

CRUNCH FITNESS 

33,329 

AMC THEATRES 

24,693 

TRADER JOE'S 

13,860 

MONTEBELLO 

MONTEBELLO TOWN SQUARE 

KIR 

2000 

251,489 

98.3 

ALTAMED 

105,000 

BIG LOTS 

46,270 

NAPA 

SOUTH NAPA MARKET PLACE 

2006 

349,530 

100.0 

TARGET 

116,000 

HOME DEPOT 

100,238 

RALEY'S 

60,890 

NORTHRIDGE 

PLAZA DI NORTHRIDGE 

2005 

163,941 

83.9 

DSW SHOE WAREHOUSE 

32,400 

BLINK FITNESS 

20,243 

SUPER KING MARKET 

39,348 

NOVATO 

NOVATO FAIR S.C. 

2009 

133,485 

97.6 

RITE AID 

24,769 

DOLLAR TREE 

15,708 

SAFEWAY 

51,199 

OCEANSIDE 

EL CAMINO NORTH 

PRU 

2006 

353,004 

94.6 

AMERICAN FREIGHT - APPLIANCE FURNITURE MATTRESS 

38,902 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,000 

OCEANSIDE 

FIRE MOUNTAIN CENTER 

PRU 

2006 

93,810 

91.3 

LAMPS PLUS 

11,000 

TRADER JOE'S 

12,881 

PACIFICA 

LINDA MAR S.C. 

2014 

168,231 

94.6 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

24,246 

RITE AID 

19,085 

SAFEWAY 

45,892 

POWAY 

POWAY CITY CENTRE 

2005 

121,435 

60.0 

HOMEGOODS 

26,210 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

21,830 

REDWOOD CITY 

REDWOOD CITY PLAZA 

2009 

45,870 

100.0 

OUTDOOR SUPPLY HARDWARE 

42,509 

COSTCO (4) 

132,067 

ROSEVILLE 

STANFORD RANCH 

2014 

188,493 

100.0 

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS 

55,377 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

27,471 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

36,041 

ROSEVILLE 

CROCKER RANCH 

2015 

81,171 

100.0 

SAFEWAY 

55,146 

SAN DIEGO 

VISTA BALBOA CENTER 

KIR 

2000 

117,410 

100.0 

24 HOUR FITNESS 

66,851 

H MART 

38,359 

SAN DIEGO 

MORENA PLAZA 

CPP 

2010 

412,674 

100.0 

PRICE SELF STORAGE 

120,962 

COSTCO REGIONAL OFFICE 

50,000 

COSTCO 

153,095 

SAN DIEGO 

CARMEL MOUNTAIN PLAZA 

2009 

35,000 

100.0 

COSTCO 

10,600 

COSTCO (4) 

133,087 

SAN DIEGO 

LOMA SQUARE 

PRU 

2006 

205,853 

94.4 

TJ MAXX 

31,152 

HOMEGOODS 

30,619 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

19,225 

SAN DIEGO 

BLACK MOUNTAIN VILLAGE 

2007 

48,169 

100.0 

NAMASTE PLAZA SUPERMARKET 

10,439 

SAN DIEGO 

RANCHO PENASQUITOS TOWNE CTR. 

2015 

156,775 

99.4 

VONS 

39,981 

SAN DIEGO 

CITY HEIGHTS CENTER 

2012 

108,741 

95.9 

ALBERTSONS 

66,284 

SAN DIEGO 

FASHION VALLEY S.C. 

OJV 

2007 

225,919 

100.0 

NORDSTROM 

225,919 

SAN JOSE 

MONTEREY PLAZA 

PRU 

2006 

178,204 

54.4 

CITY SPORTS CLUB 

35,467 

DOLLAR TREE 

14,000 

FOOD MAXX (4) 

48,971 

SAN JOSE 

CAMBRIAN PARK PLAZA (3) 

2021 

79,941 

100.0 

DOLLAR TREE 

30,000 

BEVMO! BEVERAGES MORE, INC. 

18,000 

SAN JOSE 

SILVER CREEK PLAZA 

2021 

131,821 

100.0 

WALGREENS 

16,000 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

30,130 

SAN JOSE 

STEVENS CREEK CENTRAL S.C. 

2021 

210,666 

100.0 

MARSHALLS 

36,139 

TOTAL WINE MORE 

25,653 

SAFEWAY 

59,139 

SAN LEANDRO 

FASHION FAIRE PLACE 

PRU 

2006 

95,255 

92.1 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

26,706 

MICHAELS 

19,020 

SAN LEANDRO 

GREENHOUSE MARKETPLACE 

2021 

142,598 

86.7 

JOANN 

25,000 

99 CENTS ONLY 

23,700 

SAFEWAY (4) 

44,692 

SAN MARCOS 

RANCHO SAN MARCOS VILLAGE (3) 

2021 

111,083 

98.1 

PLANET FITNESS 

24,100 

DOLLAR TREE 

12,620 

ALDI 

21,687 

SAN MARCOS 

SAN MARCOS PLAZA 

2021 

34,880 

82.2 

ALBERTSONS (4) 

44,296 

SAN RAMON 

MAGNOLIA SQUARE S.C. 

KIR 

1999 

46,147 

94.7 

ULTA 

10,709 

PETCO 

10,000 

SANTA ANA 

HOME DEPOT PLAZA - SANTA ANA 

1998 

134,400 

100.0 

HOME DEPOT 

134,400 

SANTA ROSA 

FULTON MARKET PLACE 

2005 

102,478 

88.7 

ACE HARDWARE 

12,100 

RALEY'S 

60,913 

SANTA ROSA 

STONY POINT PLAZA 

2021 

194,569 

87.7 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

28,106 

GOODWILL INDUSTRIES 

27,895 

FOOD MAXX 

57,897 

SANTEE 

SANTEE TROLLEY SQUARE 

2015 

312,754 

97.7 

24 HOUR FITNESS 

36,000 

BED BATH BEYOND 

30,000 

TARGET (4) 

126,587 

TEMECULA 

PALM PLAZA S.C. 

KIR 

1999 

342,000 

85.7 

AT HOME 

86,479 

TEMEKU CINEMAS 

29,650 

FOOD 4 LESS 

52,640 

TEMECULA 

REDHAWK TOWNE CENTER 

CPP 

2010 

519,018 

100.0 

WALMART 

221,639 

KOHL'S 

88,728 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

25,647 

TORRANCE 

TORRANCE PROMENADE (3) 

KIR 

2000 

264,943 

99.5 

BURLINGTON 

43,595 

UFC GYM 

42,575 

TRADER JOE'S 

10,004 

TRUCKEE 

TRUCKEE CROSSROADS 

2006 

26,553 

86.6 

SAVE MART (4) 

29,572 

TRUCKEE 

GATEWAY AT DONNER PASS 

2015 

81,449 

98.8 

SAFEWAY 

40,300 

TUSTIN 

LARWIN SQUARE S.C. 

PRU 

2006 

193,415 

94.4 

RITE AID 

19,072 

CRUNCH FITNESS 

16,520 

HAGGEN (2) 

41,430 

TUSTIN 

TUSTIN HEIGHTS S.C. 

PRU 

2006 

137,287 

100.0 

MICHAELS 

22,364 

PETCO 

11,550 

RALPH'S 

36,400 

TUSTIN 

THE DISTRICT @ TUSTIN LEGACY 

OJV 

2018 

687,683 

92.4 

TARGET 

134,639 

AMC THEATRES 

68,159 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

60,550 

UPLAND 

MOUNTAIN SQUARE 

PRU 

2006 

273,149 

96.3 

HOME DEPOT 

98,064 

HOBBY LOBBY 

63,748 

VALENCIA 

GRANARY SQUARE 

PRU 

2006 

143,070 

88.7 

CVS 

25,500 

RALPH'S 

45,579 

VISTA 

MELROSE VILLAGE PLAZA 

PRU 

2006 

122,563 

93.7 

CVS 

22,154 

ALBERTSONS 

46,819 

WALNUT CREEK 

OLYMPIA PLACE 

PRU 

2006 

114,627 

98.4 

CENTURY THEATRES 

57,017 

PLANET FITNESS 

19,044 

WESTMINSTER 

PAVILIONS PLACE (3) 

PRU 

2006 

198,650 

96.3 

HOWARD'S APPLIANCES 

17,962 

H MART 

69,445 

WESTMINSTER 

WESTMINSTER CENTER 

2021 

417,567 

98.1 

HOME DEPOT 

102,220 

REGENCY THEATRES 

35,000 

ALBERTSONS 

50,000 

WHITTIER 

WHITTWOOD TOWN CENTER 

2017 

681,420 

98.4 

TARGET 

141,900 

SEARS 

137,985 

VONS 

51,011 

WINDSOR 

LAKEWOOD VILLAGE 

2014 

126,208 

93.1 

CVS 

19,950 

SAFEWAY 

52,610 

COLORADO 

ARVADA 

NORTHRIDGE S.C. ARVADA 

2013 

144,315 

89.0 

RITE AID (2) 

56,674 

TARGET (4) 

40,000 

AURORA 

VILLAGE ON THE PARK 

1998 

158,303 

90.8 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,187 

TJ MAXX 

28,140 

AURORA 

QUINCY PLACE S.C. 

1998 

42,977 

91.9 

KING SOOPERS (4) 

56,959 

AURORA 

EAST BANK S.C. 

1998 

145,743 

36.6 

DENVER 

WEST 38TH STREET S.C. 

1998 

18,405 

100.0 

LOCAVORE 

18,405 

DENVER 

LOWRY TOWN CENTER 

2021 

60,922 

96.2 

SAFEWAY (4) 

50,250 

EDGEWATER 

EDGEWATER MARKETPLACE 

2021 

144,553 

100.0 

ACE HARDWARE 

18,800 

KING SOOPERS 

76,560 

ENGLEWOOD 

ENGLEWOOD PLAZA 

1998 

80,330 

86.1 

HOBBY LOBBY 

50,690 

GREELEY 

GREELEY COMMONS 

2012 

138,818 

93.8 

BURLINGTON 

27,974 

MICHAELS 

21,323 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

21,236 

HIGHLANDS RANCH 

HIGHLANDS RANCH S.C. 

2011 

208,132 

86.5 

ACE HARDWARE 

33,450 

TJ MAXX 

30,000 

KING SOOPERS (4) 

77,696 

LAKEWOOD 

HERITAGE WEST S.C. 

1998 

82,581 

94.2 

SAFEWAY 

49,788 

LITTLETON 

MARKET AT SOUTHPARK 

2011 

191,268 

94.8 

PLANET FITNESS 

25,267 

TUESDAY MORNING 

19,831 

KING SOOPERS 

64,532 

PARKER 

CROSSING AT STONEGATE 

2021 

120,502 

100.0 

KING SOOPERS 

65,972 

SHERIDAN 

RIVER POINT AT SHERIDAN 

2021 

333,368 

98.4 

REGAL CINEMAS 

55,455 

CONN'S 

42,485 

COSTCO (4) 

152,000 

CONNECTICUT 

BRANFORD 

BRANHAVEN PLAZA 

KIR 

2000 

190,738 

97.0 

KOHL'S 

86,830 

FIVE BELOW 

10,284 

BIG Y 

46,669 

DANBURY 

NEWTOWN S.C. 

2014 

136,209 

100.0 

MARSHALLS 

30,954 

WALMART 

105,255 

FARMINGTON 

WEST FARM S.C. 

1998 

210,305 

100.0 

BURLINGTON 

51,240 

NORDSTROM RACK 

35,834 

HAMDEN 

HAMDEN MART 

2016 

345,679 

93.8 

WALMART 

89,750 

BOB'S STORES (2) 

49,133 

ALDI 

19,927 

NORTH HAVEN 

HOME DEPOT PLAZA - NORTH HAVEN 

1998 

338,666 

99.4 

HOME DEPOT 

111,500 

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS 

48,265 

BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB 

109,920 

WILTON 

WILTON RIVER PARK S.C. 

2012 

134,329 

68.3 

STOP SHOP 

46,764 

DELAWARE 

WILMINGTON 

BRANDYWINE COMMONS 

2014 

165,792 

100.0 

BURLINGTON 

42,443 

RAYMOUR FLANIGAN FURNITURE 

36,000 

SHOPRITE 

58,236 

FLORIDA 

ALTAMONTE SPRINGS 

RENAISSANCE CENTRE 

1998 

192,090 

100.0 

PGA TOUR SUPERSTORE 

38,292 

DSW SHOE WAREHOUSE 

23,990 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

40,000 

BOCA RATON 

BOCA LYONS PLAZA 

2021 

117,597 

97.1 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

33,575 

DOLLAR TREE 

10,000 

AROMA MARKET 

14,210 

BOCA RATON 

CAMINO SQUARE 

1967 

- 

BOYNTON BEACH 

BOYNTON WEST S.C. 

KIR 

1999 

195,786 

100.0 

BEALLS 

103,479 

BURLINGTON 

51,195 

BRANDON 

PLAZA AT BRANDON TOWN CENTER 

KIR 

2001 

143,785 

97.9 

BED BATH BEYOND 

40,000 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

25,106 

TARGET (4) 

107,648 

CAPE CORAL 

SHOPS AT SANTA BARBARA 

2015 

42,030 

100.0 

CAPE CORAL 

CORAL POINTE S.C. 

2015 

125,108 

98.4 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

32,265 

STAPLES 

20,347 

PUBLIX 

44,684 

CLEARWATER 

CURLEW CROSSING S.C. 

2005 

112,188 

97.2 

JOANN 

49,865 

STAPLES 

17,055 

CLEARWATER 

COUNTRYSIDE CENTRE 

2021 

248,348 

98.8 

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS 

54,563 

TJ MAXX 

30,107 

CLEARWATER 

SUNSET 19 S.C. 

2021 

267,819 

99.9 

HOBBY LOBBY 

55,000 

BED BATH BEYOND 

33,330 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

31,998 

CLERMONT 

CLERMONT LANDING 

OJV 

2021 

178,301 

96.0 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,187 

TJ MAXX 

26,000 

COOPER CITY 

EMBASSY LAKES 

2021 

131,751 

90.6 

TUESDAY MORNING 

18,645 

DOLLAR TREE 

11,126 

BRAVO SUPERMARKET 

46,328 

CORAL SPRINGS 

CORAL SQUARE PROMENADE 

1994 

55,089 

100.0 

BIG LOTS 

33,517 

CORAL SPRINGS 

MAPLEWOOD PLAZA 

1997 

86,342 

98.5 

TJ MAXX 

29,500 

DISCOVERY CLOTHING CO. 

15,000 

DANIA BEACH 

DANIA POINTE 

2016 

730,064 

82.6 

BRANDSMART USA 

91,347 

REGAL CINEMAS 

63,531 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

29,645 

DEERFIELD BEACH 

SHOPPES AT DEERFIELD 

2021 

409,530 

97.8 

TJ MAXX 

78,823 

DEERFIELD CINEMAS 

32,368 

PUBLIX 

42,112 

FORT LAUDERDALE 

CYPRESS CREEK STATION 

2009 

229,034 

86.2 

REGAL CINEMAS 

52,936 

LA FITNESS 

48,479 

HOLLYWOOD 

OAKWOOD PLAZA 

2016 

898,913 

97.6 

HOME DEPOT 

142,280 

BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB 

120,251 

NET COST MARKET 

24,950 

HOLLYWOOD 

HOLLYWOOD HILLS PLAZA 

OIP 

2021 

377,543 

100.0 

TARGET 

119,454 

CHEWY.COM 

100,928 

PUBLIX 

42,112 

HOMESTEAD 

HOMESTEAD TOWNE SQUARE 

OJV 

1972 

205,614 

100.0 

MARSHALLS 

29,575 

HOMEGOODS 

23,500 

PUBLIX 

56,077 

HOMESTEAD 

HOMESTEAD-WACHTEL LAND LEASE 

1972 

3,600 

100.0 

PUBLIX (4) 

56,077 

JACKSONVILLE 

RIVERPLACE S.C. 

2010 

257,566 

97.9 

HOMESENSE 

36,000 

AMERICAN FREIGHT 

28,020 

JACKSONVILLE 

ARGYLE VILLAGE 

2021 

306,506 

100.0 

SERVICE MDSE 

50,000 

JOANN 

48,945 

PUBLIX 

51,420 

JACKSONVILLE 

ATLANTIC WEST 

OJV 

2021 

92,268 

100.0 

TJ MAXX 

28,000 

HOMEGOODS 

18,021 

WALMART (4) 

206,265 

JACKSONVILLE 

KERNAN VILLAGE 

OJV 

2021 

85,158 

100.0 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,187 

PETCO 

15,000 

WALMART (4) 

206,265 

KEY LARGO 

TRADEWINDS S.C. 

KIR 

2000 

200,988 

96.8 

PUBLIX (2) 

102,465 

BEALLS OUTLET 

14,571 

48,555 

LAKELAND 

MERCHANTS WALK 

2001 

236,522 

96.2 

HOBBY LOBBY 

53,271 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,846 

LARGO 

CENTER AT MISSOURI AVENUE 

1968 

131,067 

97.9 

OLD TIME POTTERY 

58,374 

YOUFIT HEALTH CLUBS 

25,121 

ALDI 

20,800 

LARGO 

TRI-CITY PLAZA 

1992 

221,429 

100.0 

LA FITNESS 

33,490 

BURLINGTON 

30,302 

PUBLIX 

42,112 

LARGO 

LARGO PLAZA 

2021 

377,019 

95.0 

BEALLS 

35,550 

REGAL CINEMAS 

29,224 

PUBLIX (4) 

82,836 

LAUDERHILL 

FT. LAUDERDALE PLAZA 

1974 

181,576 

79.3 

BURLINGTON 

44,450 

STAPLES 

23,500 

FESTIVAL SUPERMARKET 

22,772 

MARATHON 

MARATHON S.C. 

2013 

107,756 

89.7 

SURF STYLE 

53,929 

WINN-DIXIE 

38,400 

MELBOURNE 

NASA PLAZA 

1968 

168,737 

99.3 

RADIAL 

69,900 

WALGREENS 

15,525 

MIAMI 

GROVE GATE S.C. 

1968 

107,000 

100.0 

HOME DEPOT 

105,154 

MILAM'S MARKET 

10,947 

MIAMI 

CORAL WAY PLAZA 

OJV 

1965 

74,148 

100.0 

YOUFIT HEALTH CLUBS 

30,000 

FRESCO Y MAS (4) 

55,944 

MIAMI 

CORAL WAY PLAZA 

OJV 

2003 

87,305 

100.0 

ORCHARD SUPPLY HARDWARE 

29,111 

FRESCO Y MAS 

55,944 

MIAMI 

CORAL WAY PLAZA 

OJV 

2016 

1,615 

100.0 

FRESCO Y MAS (4) 

55,944 

MIAMI 

MILLER ROAD S.C. 

1986 

87,069 

100.0 

WALGREENS 

14,468 

PUBLIX 

46,810 

MIAMI 

SOUTH MIAMI S.C. 

1995 

64,007 

83.9 

PETCO 

22,418 

PARTY CITY 

15,611 

MIAMI 

KENDALE LAKES PLAZA 

2009 

293,001 

100.0 

KMART 

114,000 

HOBBY LOBBY 

40,000 

MIAMI 

MILLER WEST PLAZA 

2015 

63,563 

100.0 

PUBLIX 

44,271 

MIAMI 

CORSICA SQUARE S.C. 

2015 

60,280 

98.3 

PUBLIX 

45,600 

MIAMI 

FLAGLER PARK PLAZA 

2007 

355,051 

98.2 

BUY BUY BABY 

29,953 

YOUFIT HEALTH CLUBS 

24,757 

PUBLIX 

56,000 

MIAMI 

PARK HILL PLAZA 

2011 

112,423 

95.6 

LITTLE VILLAGE LEARNING CENTER 

10,000 

FRESCO Y MAS 

34,890 

MIAMI 

WINN DIXIE - MIAMI 

2013 

61,837 

100.0 

WINN-DIXIE 

61,837 

MIAMI 

TJ MAXX PLAZA 

2021 

161,429 

97.1 

TJ MAXX 

32,800 

DOLLAR TREE 

10,000 

FRESCO Y MAS 

36,434 

MIAMI 

PALMS AT TOWN COUNTRY 

2021 

660,138 

92.8 

KOHL'S 

88,709 

MARSHALLS 

50,877 

PUBLIX 

39,795 

MIAMI 

TAMIAMI TRAIL SHOPS 

OIP 

2021 

110,952 

98.4 

CANO HEALTH 

11,234 

CVS 

10,356 

PUBLIX 

42,112 

NORTH MIAMI BEACH 

IVES DAIRY CROSSING 

1985 

108,795 

100.0 

WALGREENS 

15,930 

PUBLIX 

51,420 

OAKLAND PARK 

NORTHRIDGE S.C. OAKLAND PARK 

OIP 

2021 

234,199 

98.4 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

29,561 

YOUFIT HEALTH CLUBS 

28,752 

PUBLIX 

44,123 

ORLANDO 

BAYHILL PLAZA 

KIR 

2000 

189,148 

99.5 

FITNESS CF 

56,000 

PGA TOUR SUPERSTORE 

50,239 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

26,556 

ORLANDO 

SODO S.C. 

2008 

179,074 

99.1 

LA FITNESS 

49,875 

TJ MAXX 

26,843 

TARGET (4) 

184,782 

ORLANDO 

MILLENIA PLAZA 

2009 

156,061 

100.0 

MARSHALLS 

30,027 

HOMEGOODS 

24,991 

TARGET (4) 

187,166 

ORLANDO 

GRAND OAKS VILLAGE 

2011 

86,269 

98.8 

THE FRESH MARKET 

18,400 

ORLANDO 

PHILLIPS CROSSING 

2021 

145,644 

100.0 

MICHAELS 

21,012 

GOLF GALAXY 

16,375 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

52,549 

ORLANDO 

COLONIAL PLAZA 

2021 

492,075 

98.8 

HOBBY LOBBY 

53,065 

CONN'S 

42,780 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

23,000 

ORLANDO 

THE MARKETPLACE AT DR PHILLIPS 

OIP 

2021 

326,729 

87.6 

HOMEGOODS 

25,512 

OFFICE DEPOT (2) 

23,186 

PUBLIX 

64,850 

OVIEDO 

RIVERSIDE LANDINGS 

2015 

78,093 

100.0 

PUBLIX 

44,270 

PEMBROKE PINES 

PEMBROKE COMMONS 

OIP 

2021 

303,127 

100.0 

MARSHALLS 

40,000 

LA FITNESS 

39,850 

PUBLIX 

65,537 

PEMBROKE PINES 

FLAMINGO PINES 

OIP 

2021 

131,664 

98.0 

PUBLIX 

55,000 

PENSACOLA 

UNIVERSITY TOWN CENTER 

2011 

101,377 

94.5 

PUBLIX 

61,389 

PLANTATION 

PLANTATION COMMONS 

2017 

60,414 

100.0 

ENSON MARKET 

41,440 

PLANTATION 

VIZCAYA SQUARE 

2021 

110,081 

98.1 

WINN-DIXIE 

54,307 

POMPANO BEACH 

POMPANO POINTE S.C. 

2012 

77,352 

100.0 

HOMEGOODS 

20,280 

ULTA 

11,224 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

40,100 

SAINT PETERSBURG 

OAK TREE PLAZA 

1968 

118,574 

86.9 

OLLIE'S BARGAIN OUTLET 

45,871 

YOUFIT HEALTH CLUBS 

22,000 

SARASOTA 

TUTTLEBEE PLAZA 

2008 

100,237 

97.0 

TJ MAXX 

29,825 

OFFICEMAX 

23,800 

SEA RANCH LAKES 

SEA RANCH CENTRE 

2021 

90,956 

93.4 

CVS 

14,273 

DOLLAR TREE 

10,000 

PUBLIX 

28,606 

TALLAHASSEE 

VILLAGE COMMONS S.C. 

1998 

190,811 

100.0 

TOTAL WINE MORE 

31,920 

HOMEGOODS 

24,471 

THE FRESH MARKET 

22,300 

TAMPA 

THE PLAZA AT CITRUS PARK 

KIR 

2001 

340,000 

93.5 

BEST BUY 

46,121 

JOANN 

45,965 

TAMPA 

CARROLLWOOD COMMONS 

1997 

206,564 

99.6 

AMERICAN SIGNATURE 

49,106 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

26,250 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

27,000 

TAMPA 

MISSION BELL S.C. 

2004 

197,181 

100.0 

LOWE'S HOME CENTER 

167,000 

WELLINGTON 

VILLAGE GREEN CENTER 

2021 

70,240 

100.0 

TRADER JOE"S 

12,500 

WELLINGTON 

WELLINGTON GREEN COMMONS 

2021 

120,556 

100.0 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

49,979 

WEST PALM BEACH 

BELMART PLAZA 

2014 

66,440 

89.0 

PUBLIX 

28,800 

WEST PALM BEACH 

MCDONALD'S - BELVEDERE PLAZA 

1997 

3,787 

100.0 

PUBLIX (4) 

28,800 

WINTER PARK 

WINTER PARK CORNERS (3) 

2021 

94,195 

98.6 

ORANGE COUNTY, FLORIDA 

10,500 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

30,348 

GEORGIA 

ACWORTH 

LAKESIDE MARKETPLACE 

2021 

137,498 

98.6 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,222 

MICHAELS 

23,921 

TARGET (4) 

169,120 

ALPHARETTA 

MARKET AT HAYNES BRIDGE 

2008 

130,390 

92.3 

KROGER 

62,000 

ATLANTA 

EMBRY VILLAGE 

2008 

206,570 

94.9 

PLANET FITNESS 

19,838 

MR. CUE'S BILLIARDS BURGERS 

14,870 

KROGER 

102,877 

ATLANTA 

PERIMETER EXPO 

2016 

175,835 

100.0 

ONELIFE ATLANTA FITNESS 

53,851 

MARSHALLS 

36,598 

ATLANTA 

PERIMETER VILLAGE 

2021 

373,621 

98.0 

HOBBY LOBBY 

40,000 

DSW SHOE WAREHOUSE 

19,920 

WALMART 

183,500 

ATLANTA 

CAMP CREEK MARKETPLACE II 

2021 

196,283 

100.0 

AMERICAN SIGNATURE 

50,134 

LA FITNESS 

45,000 

ATLANTA 

PUBLIX AT PRINCETON LAKES 

OIP 

2021 

68,407 

100.0 

PUBLIX 

45,600 

DECATUR 

NORTH DECATUR STATION 

OIP 

2021 

88,779 

100.0 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

35,097 

DULUTH 

RIVERWALK MARKETPLACE 

2015 

78,025 

100.0 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

70,125 

GAINESVILLE 

THOMPSON BRIDGE COMMONS 

2021 

3,000 

100.0 

KROGER (4) 

70,327 

GRAYSON 

GRAYSON COMMONS 

2021 

76,581 

96.1 

KROGER 

46,581 

LAWRENCEVILLE 

LAWRENCEVILLE MARKET 

2013 

285,656 

99.1 

HOBBY LOBBY 

67,400 

AMC THEATRES 

65,442 

TARGET (4) 

116,400 

PEACHTREE CITY 

BRAELINN VILLAGE 

2014 

266,005 

66.1 

KROGER 

108,127 

POWDER SPRINGS 

BROWNSVILLE COMMONS 

2021 

27,747 

78.7 

KROGER (4) 

54,166 

ROSWELL 

ROSWELL CORNERS 

2021 

145,496 

93.2 

TJ MAXX 

30,000 

THE FRESH MARKET 

23,923 

ROSWELL 

ROSWELL CROSSING 

2021 

191,170 

97.2 

PIKE FAMILY NURSERIES 

45,116 

OFFICEMAX 

23,500 

TRADER JOE'S 

11,606 

SAVANNAH 

SAVANNAH CENTRE 

1993 

186,514 

100.0 

BED BATH BEYOND 

35,005 

TJ MAXX 

33,067 

SAVANNAH 

CHATHAM PLAZA 

2008 

197,605 

93.4 

ASHLEY FURNITURE HOMESTORE 

32,026 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,187 

IOWA 

CLIVE 

CLIVE PLAZA 

1996 

90,000 

100.0 

KMART 

90,000 

ILLINOIS 

CHAMPAIGN 

PINETREE PLAZA 

KIR 

2001 

111,720 

100.0 

BEST BUY 

45,350 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,247 

GLENVIEW 

PLAZA DEL PRADO 

2017 

141,721 

95.2 

JEWEL OSCO 

59,171 

SKOKIE 

SKOKIE POINTE 

1997 

62,983 

100.0 

MARSHALLS 

30,406 

OLD NAVY 

28,049 

JEWEL OSCO (4) 

70,630 

VERNON HILLS 

HAWTHORN HILLS SQUARE S.C. 

2012 

192,624 

90.9 

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS 

54,997 

PETSMART 

27,518 

INDIANA 

GREENWOOD 

GREENWOOD S.C. 

1970 

217,876 

100.0 

BIG LOTS 

47,000 

MARSHALLS/HOMEGOODS 

42,000 

FRESH THYME FARMERS MARKET 

29,979 

KENTUCKY 

LOUISVILLE 

FESTIVAL ON JEFFERSON COURT 

2021 

169,783 

100.0 

NADIA BEAUTY SUPPLY 

19,200 

PARTY CITY 

14,420 

KROGER 

59,976 

MASSACHUSETTS 

BRIGHTON 

WASHINGTON ST. PLAZA 

2014 

27,550 

100.0 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

20,350 

CAMBRIDGE 

MEMORIAL PLAZA 

2014 

62,555 

100.0 

MICRO CENTER 

41,724 

TRADER JOE'S 

11,065 

CHATHAM 

MAIN ST. PLAZA 

2014 

24,432 

100.0 

OCEAN STATE JOB LOT 

24,432 

DORCHESTER 

MORRISSEY PLAZA 

2014 

84,470 

100.0 

FLOOR DECOR 

84,470 

EVERETT 

GLENDALE SQUARE 

2014 

41,278 

100.0 

WALGREENS 

14,707 

FALMOUTH 

FALMOUTH PLAZA 

2014 

85,544 

79.8 

STAPLES 

24,652 

PLANET FITNESS 

12,368 

FRAMINGHAM 

WAVERLY PLAZA 

2014 

26,482 

100.0 

AJ SEABRA SUPERMARKET 

9,615 

HYANNIS 

FESTIVAL AT HYANNIS S.C. 

2014 

231,883 

97.2 

HOBBY LOBBY 

46,932 

HOMEGOODS 

24,904 

SHAW'S SUPERMARKET 

54,712 

MEDFORD 

FELLSWAY @ 630 

2014 

56,215 

100.0 

LOWE'S OUTLET 

22,478 

ALDI 

21,952 

QUINCY 

NORTH QUINCY PLAZA 

2014 

80,510 

92.3 

MING SEAFOOD RESTAURANT CORP. 

14,247 

99 RANCH MARKET 

55,087 

QUINCY 

ADAMS PLAZA 

2014 

24,469 

100.0 

WALGREENS 

12,607 

REVERE 

BROADWAY PLAZA 

2014 

15,272 

100.0 

WALGREENS 

15,272 

SALEM 

PARADISE PLAZA 

2014 

48,587 

90.2 

STAPLES 

17,001 

SWAMPSCOTT 

VINNIN SQUARE PLAZA 

2014 

63,975 

100.0 

CVS 

11,060 

PETCO 

10,250 

WAKEFIELD 

NORTH AVE. PLAZA 

2014 

15,984 

100.0 

MG FITNESS 

15,984 

WALTHAM 

LINDEN PLAZA 

2014 

24,284 

100.0 

PETCO 

13,650 

WOBURN 

WASHINGTON ST. S.C. 

2014 

123,878 

100.0 

KOHL'S 

93,705 

ULTA 

10,680 

WORCESTER 

MILL ST. PLAZA 

2014 

66,281 

100.0 

HARBOR FREIGHT TOOLS 

18,859 

DOLLAR TREE 

10,541 

ASIAN SUPERMARKET 

21,521 

MARYLAND 

BALTIMORE 

FULLERTON PLAZA 

2014 

158,422 

98.4 

LA FITNESS 

34,000 

WEIS MARKETS 

67,520 

BALTIMORE 

INGLESIDE S.C. 

2014 

114,045 

100.0 

RITE AID 

11,868 

DOLLAR TREE 

10,000 

SAFEWAY 

54,200 

BALTIMORE 

WILKENS BELTWAY PLAZA 

2014 

90,299 

100.0 

GIANT FOOD 

55,108 

BALTIMORE 

YORK ROAD PLAZA 

2014 

90,903 

97.0 

GIANT FOOD 

56,892 

BALTIMORE 

PUTTY HILL PLAZA 

2013 

90,777 

93.9 

GIANT FOOD 

43,136 

BEL AIR 

GREENBRIER S.C. 

2014 

130,193 

97.4 

CVS 

10,125 

DOLLAR TREE 

10,000 

SAFEWAY 

55,032 

CLARKSVILLE 

RIVER HILL VILLAGE CENTER 

2014 

105,907 

100.0 

GIANT FOOD 

62,943 

COLUMBIA 

KINGS CONTRIVANCE 

2014 

98,399 

91.6 

HARRIS TEETER 

56,905 

COLUMBIA 

HARPERS CHOICE 

2015 

91,165 

94.8 

SAFEWAY 

55,164 

COLUMBIA 

THE SHOPPES AT WILDE LAKE 

2002 

69,617 

86.8 

CVS 

13,225 

DAVID'S NATURAL MARKET 

15,079 

COLUMBIA 

SNOWDEN SQUARE S.C. 

2012 

75,000 

100.0 

MICHAELS 

26,706 

PETSMART 

25,000 

BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB (4) 

109,384 

COLUMBIA 

HICKORY RIDGE 

2015 

100,803 

89.8 

GIANT FOOD 

57,994 

COLUMBIA 

COLUMBIA CROSSING 

2011 

404,258 

98.7 

ASHLEY FURNITURE WORLD 

63,062 

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS 

60,840 

TARGET (4) 

130,604 

DISTRICT HEIGHTS 

THE SHOPS AT DISTRICT HEIGHTS 

2015 

90,929 

96.5 

GIANT FOOD 

64,333 

ELLICOTT CITY 

DORSEY'S SEARCH VILLAGE CENTER 

2015 

86,456 

93.8 

GIANT FOOD 

55,000 

ELLICOTT CITY 

ENCHANTED FOREST S.C. 

2014 

142,052 

97.9 

PETCO 

12,400 

SAFEWAY 

50,093 

ELLICOTT CITY 

LONG GATE S.C. 

PRU 

2007 

429,030 

100.0 

TARGET 

146,773 

KOHL'S 

106,889 

SAFEWAY 

55,164 

FREDERICK 

VILLAGES AT URBANA 

2003 

111,033 

98.8 

GIANT FOOD 

56,166 

GAITHERSBURG 

GAITHERSBURG S.C. 

1999 

88,277 

95.5 

FLOOR DECOR 

60,102 

MATTRESS FURNITURE MART 

10,026 

GAITHERSBURG 

KENTLANDS MARKET SQUARE 

2016 

238,605 

99.5 

CINEPOLIS LUXURY CINEMAS 

34,052 

MICHAELS 

23,296 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

35,868 

HUNT VALLEY 

SHAWAN PLAZA 

2008 

94,653 

95.6 

GIANT FOOD 

55,330 

LAUREL 

LAUREL PLAZA 

1964 

162,144 

100.0 

2ND AVE VALUE STORES 

81,550 

PLANET FITNESS 

21,000 

OWINGS MILLS 

MILL STATION DEVELOPMENT 

2015 

598,291 

100.0 

COSTCO 

148,000 

LOWE'S HOME CENTER 

111,238 

GIANT FOOD 

66,450 

PASADENA 

PATRIOTS PLAZA 

OJV 

2003 

38,766 

90.7 

DAVITA 

10,496 

PIKESVILLE 

CENTRE COURT 

2011 

107,915 

96.4 

GIANT FOOD 

63,529 

ROCKVILLE 

PIKE CENTER 

2021 

80,869 

77.5 

GOLFDOM 

10,909 

TIMONIUM 

TIMONIUM CROSSING 

2014 

53,914 

90.6 

AMERICAN RADIOLOGY 

14,849 

TIMONIUM 

TIMONIUM SQUARE 

2003 

191,561 

94.1 

STAPLES 

15,000 

GIANT FOOD 

61,941 

TOWSON 

RADCLIFFE CENTER 

2014 

88,405 

100.0 

4 WHEEL PARTS 

11,500 

CVS 

10,125 

SAFEWAY 

59,180 

TOWSON 

TOWSON PLACE 

2012 

682,031 

96.2 

WALMART 

154,828 

TARGET 

132,608 

WEIS MARKETS 

55,452 

MINNESOTA 

MAPLE GROVE 

ARBOR LAKES RETAIL CENTER 

KIR 

2001 

450,981 

98.7 

BEST BUY 

45,953 

JOANN 

45,940 

BYERLY'S 

55,043 

MAPLE GROVE 

THE FOUNTAINS AT ARBOR LAKES 

2006 

481,032 

99.2 

LOWE'S HOME CENTER 

137,933 

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS 

51,182 

COSTCO (4) 

139,262 

MINNETONKA 

RIDGEDALE FESTIVAL CENTER 

KIR 

1998 

121,066 

100.0 

HOBBY LOBBY 

62,204 

TOTAL WINE MORE 

25,775 

MISSOURI 

SAINT CHARLES 

CENTER POINT S.C. 

1998 

84,460 

100.0 

KOHL'S 

84,460 

NORTH CAROLINA 

CARY 

CENTRUM @ CROSSROADS 

KIR 

2001 

315,977 

100.0 

KOHL'S 

86,584 

PETSMART 

26,040 

BJ'S WHOLESALE CLUB 

108,532 

CARY 

CROSSROADS PLAZA - CARY 

2000 

581,668 

96.2 

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS 

55,000 

BEST BUY 

51,259 

CARY 

NORTHWOODS S.C. 

2021 

77,802 

98.7 

WALMART NEIGHBORHOOD MARKET 

39,680 

CARY 

HIGH HOUSE CROSSING 

2021 

82,566 

96.9 

TRIUMPH GYMNASTICS 

15,748 

LIDL 

26,543 

CHARLOTTE 

TYVOLA SQUARE 

1986 

228,538 

99.1 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

32,003 

K G FASHION SUPERSTORE 

28,109 

COMPARE FOODS 

24,928 

CHARLOTTE 

WOODLAWN MARKETPLACE 

1968 

241,432 

100.0 

HOME DEPOT 

85,600 

BURLINGTON 

48,000 

CHARLOTTE 

QUAIL CORNERS 

2014 

106,219 

100.0 

HARRIS TEETER 

51,486 

CORNELIUS 

JETTON VILLAGE SHOPPES 

2011 

80,600 

100.0 

HARRIS TEETER 

57,260 

DAVIDSON 

DAVIDSON COMMONS 

2012 

83,938 

100.0 

HARRIS TEETER 

48,000 

DURHAM 

NEW HOPE COMMONS 

KIR 

2002 

408,065 

98.3 

BEST BUY 

45,000 

BURLINGTON 

31,772 

WALMART 

149,929 

DURHAM 

HOPE VALLEY COMMONS 

2021 

81,327 

100.0 

HARRIS TEETER 

48,505 

MOORESVILLE 

MOORESVILLE CROSSING 

2007 

165,798 

100.0 

BEST BUY 

30,000 

BED BATH BEYOND 

28,000 

MORRISVILLE 

PARK PLACE S.C. 

2008 

169,901 

100.0 

CARMIKE CINEMAS 

60,124 

O2 FITNESS 

36,000 

FOOD LION 

36,427 

RALEIGH 

PLEASANT VALLEY PROMENADE 

1993 

355,902 

72.6 

GOLF GALAXY 

59,719 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,187 

RALEIGH 

BRENNAN STATION 

2011 

136,670 

100.0 

OFFICE DEPOT 

22,391 

O2 FITNESS (2) 

21,081 

RALEIGH 

FALLS POINTE 

2021 

112,199 

100.0 

HARRIS TEETER 

54,314 

RALEIGH 

CAPITAL SQUARE 

2021 

143,063 

100.0 

SAM ASH MEGASTORE 

34,300 

IT'S FASHION METRO 

14,694 

FOOD LION 

39,301 

RALEIGH 

LEESVILLE TOWNE CENTRE 

2021 

127,106 

98.1 

DUKE PRIMARY CARE 

12,711 

HARRIS TEETER 

46,479 

RALEIGH 

SIX FORKS STATION S.C. 

2021 

468,402 

100.0 

HOME DEPOT 

117,424 

TARGET 

113,849 

FOOD LION 

44,213 

RALEIGH 

STONEHENGE MARKET (3) 

2021 

185,023 

97.6 

PAINTED TREE BOUTIQUES 

34,097 

HARRIS TEETER 

58,000 

WINSTON-SALEM 

CLOVERDALE PLAZA 

1969 

132,590 

88.3 

DOLLAR TREE 

14,849 

HARRIS TEETER 

60,279 

NEW HAMPSHIRE 

NASHUA 

WEBSTER SQUARE 

2014 

216,560 

97.3 

TJ MAXX 

25,219 

MICHAELS 

24,300 

TRADER JOE'S 

13,800 

SALEM 

ROCKINGHAM PLAZA 

1994 

350,451 

99.3 

KOHL'S 

91,282 

BOB'S DISCOUNT FURNITURE 

51,507 

NEW JERSEY 

BRIDGEWATER 

BRIDGEWATER PROMENADE 

KIR 

2001 

241,884 

100.0 

BED BATH BEYOND 

40,415 

MARSHALLS 

39,562 

TRADER JOE'S 

12,820 

CHERRY HILL 

BRACE ROAD STATION 

1985 

131,590 

100.0 

HUNG VUONG FOOD MARKET 

34,427 

HUNG VUONG FOOD MARKET 

10,366 

HUNG VUONG SUPERMARKET 

62,532 

CHERRY HILL 

MARLTON PLAZA 

1996 

132,562 

95.6 

KOHL'S 

96,629 

PLANET FITNESS 

22,320 

CHERRY HILL 

HILLVIEW S.C. 

2014 

216,219 

97.7 

KOHL'S 

86,770 

HOBBY LOBBY 

44,675 

TARGET (4) 

130,915 

CHERRY HILL 

GARDEN STATE PAVILIONS 

2011 

381,824 

96.4 

BURLINGTON 

70,500 

GABE'S 

39,610 

SHOPRITE 

71,676 

CLARK 

CENTRAL CENTER-SHOPRITE 

2013 

85,000 

100.0 

SHOPRITE 

85,000 

CLARK 

COMMERCE CENTER 

2013 

52,812 

100.0 

BRIXMOR 

52,812 

CLARK 

CENTRAL PLAZA 

2013 

41,537 

100.0 

AHS HOSPITAL 

28,000 

WALGREENS 

13,537 

EAST WINDSOR 

EAST WINDSOR VILLAGE 

2008 

248,727 

96.2 

TARGET 

126,200 

KOHL'S 

30,257 

PATEL BROTHERS 

22,310 

EDGEWATER 

EDGEWATER COMMONS 

PRU 

2007 

426,907 

100.0 

TARGET 

113,156 

TJ MAXX 

35,000 

ACME 

63,966 

HILLSDALE 

PLAZA AT HILLSDALE 

2014 

60,432 

100.0 

WALGREENS 

16,332 

KINGS SUPERMARKET 

30,811 

HOLMDEL 

HOLMDEL TOWNE CENTER 

2007 

299,723 

97.2 

HOBBY LOBBY 

56,021 

MARSHALLS 

48,833 

HOLMDEL 

COMMONS AT HOLMDEL 

2007 

235,657 

86.2 

BEST BUY 

30,109 

MICHAELS 

25,482 

MILLBURN 

PLAZA AT SHORT HILLS 

2014 

89,321 

100.0 

CITYMD 

17,139 

PET SUPPLIES PLUS 

10,158 

KINGS SUPERMARKET 

40,024 

MOORESTOWN 

MAPLE SHADE 

2009 

201,351 

100.0 

LOWE'S HOME CENTER 

135,198 

SKYZONE 

42,173 

NORTH BRUNSWICK 

NORTH BRUNSWICK PLAZA 

1994 

429,293 

100.0 

BURLINGTON 

64,676 

MARSHALLS 

52,440 

WALMART 

184,648 

PISCATAWAY 

PISCATAWAY TOWN CENTER 

1998 

97,348 

98.8 

SHOPRITE 

54,100 

RIDGEWOOD 

RIDGEWOOD S.C. 

1994 

24,280 

100.0 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

24,280 

UNION 

UNION CRESCENT PLAZA 

2007 

98,193 

100.0 

BEST BUY 

30,225 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

60,000 

WAYNE 

WILLOWBROOK PLAZA 

2009 

351,574 

100.0 

FLOOR DECOR 

93,704 

LIFE STORAGE LP 

85,063 

WESTMONT 

WESTMONT PLAZA 

1994 

156,613 

98.4 

TARGET 

48,142 

DOLLAR TREE 

12,000 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

22,360 

NEW MEXICO 

ALBUQUERQUE 

NORTH TOWNE PLAZA - ALBUQUERQUE 

2021 

118,721 

98.1 

HOMEGOODS 

22,514 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

34,020 

NEVADA 

LAS VEGAS 

RANCHO TOWNE COUNTRY 

2021 

84,711 

95.6 

SMITH'S 

55,096 

LAS VEGAS 

FRANCISCO CENTER 

2021 

116,756 

95.4 

DD'S DISCOUNTS 

19,350 

LA BONITA (2) 

36,800 

LAS VEGAS 

CHARLESTON COMMONS 

2021 

330,815 

100.0 

99 CENTS ONLY 

29,849 

BURLINGTON 

29,442 

WALMART 

116,792 

NORTH LAS VEGAS 

COLLEGE PARK S.C. - N LAS VEGAS 

2021 

167,160 

90.6 

CVS 

24,100 

WSS 

14,924 

EL SUPER 

36,983 

RENO 

DEL MONTE PLAZA 

2006 

119,377 

96.5 

SIERRA TRADING POST 

31,000 

FIVE BELOW 

10,542 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

51,758 

RENO 

REDFIELD PROMENADE 

2015 

152,601 

91.6 

BED BATH BEYOND 

35,185 

NORDSTROM RACK 

31,000 

WILD OATS MARKETS (2) 

28,788 

RENO 

MCQUEEN CROSSINGS S.C. 

2015 

104,319 

100.0 

RALEY'S 

65,519 

RENO 

GALENA JUNCTION S.C. 

2015 

118,012 

96.9 

SHELL OIL 

10,000 

RALEY'S 

61,570 

SPARKS 

D'ANDREA MARKETPLACE 

2007 

120,045 

95.6 

CVS 

18,990 

SAFEWAY 

56,061 

SPARKS 

SPARKS MERCANTILE 

2015 

113,759 

98.7 

RALEY'S 

63,476 

NEW YORK 

BAY SHORE 

MARKET AT BAY SHORE 

2006 

176,831 

100.0 

BEST BUY 

45,499 

BIG LOTS 

43,123 

ALDI 

18,635 

BELLMORE 

BELLMORE S.C. 

2004 

15,445 

100.0 

PETSMART 

12,052 

BRIDGEHAMPTON 

BRIDGEHAMPTON COMMONS 

2009 

304,959 

100.0 

KMART 

89,935 

TJ MAXX 

26,768 

KING KULLEN 

61,892 

BRONX 

CONCOURSE PLAZA 

OJV 

2013 

224,959 

93.0 

NATIONAL AMUSEMENTS 

58,860 

BLINK FITNESS 

18,119 

FOOD BAZAAR 

51,680 

BROOKLYN 

MILL BASIN PLAZA 

KIR 

2000 

80,708 

97.3 

HOME DEPOT 

58,200 

WALGREENS 

11,050 

BROOKLYN 

OCEAN PLAZA 

2003 

10,000 

100.0 

RITE AID 

10,000 

BROOKLYN 

KINGS HIGHWAY S.C. 

2004 

29,671 

100.0 

CENTER FOR ALLIED HEALTH EDUCATION 

19,371 

DUANE READE 

10,300 

BROOKLYN 

RALPH AVENUE PLAZA 

2004 

40,373 

100.0 

DUANE READE 

15,638 

PARTY CITY 

13,424 

BROOKLYN HEIGHTS 

KEY FOOD - ATLANTIC AVENUE 

2012 

7,200 

100.0 

KEY FOOD 

7,200 

COMMACK 

VETERANS MEMORIAL PLAZA 

1998 

251,254 

100.0 

HOBBY LOBBY 

42,970 

BURLINGTON 

40,471 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

45,000 

COMMACK 

BIRCHWOOD PLAZA 

2007 

24,617 

100.0 

DOLLAR TREE 

14,137 

COPIAGUE 

HOME DEPOT PLAZA - COPIAGUE 

KIR 

1998 

135,436 

100.0 

HOME DEPOT 

112,000 

TARGET (4) 

130,417 

EAST NORTHPORT 

NORTHPORT CENTER 

2012 

3,827 

100.0 

ELMONT 

ELMONT S.C. 

2004 

27,078 

100.0 

TJ MAXX 

21,178 

ELMSFORD 

ELMSFORD CENTER 

2013 

143,288 

100.0 

ELMSFORD 119 

84,450 

AUTONATION 

58,838 

FARMINGDALE 

AIRPORT PLAZA 

2015 

400,858 

100.0 

HOME DEPOT 

116,790 

PETSMART 

30,235 

STEW LEONARD'S 

60,000 

FLUSHING 

KISSENA BLVD S.C. 

2007 

22,416 

100.0 

FRUIT VALLEY PRODUCE 

17,300 

FRANKLIN SQUARE 

FRANKLIN SQUARE S.C. 

2004 

17,789 

100.0 

PHENIX SALON SUITES 

11,857 

FREEPORT 

MEADOWBROOK COMMONS 

KIR 

2000 

176,502 

98.0 

VORNADO REALTY TRUST 

37,328 

MARSHALLS 

27,540 

TARGET 

46,753 

GLEN COVE 

NORTH SHORE TRIANGLE 

KIR 

2000 

49,212 

100.0 

STAPLES 

24,880 

PETSMART 

13,482 

GREAT NECK 

THE GARDENS AT GREAT NECK 

2022 

111,919 

100.0 

PLANET FITNESS 

22,000 

RITE AID 

11,700 

BEST MARKET (2) 

40,000 

GREENVALE 

THE GREEN COVE PLAZA 

2022 

86,446 

98.4 

TJ MAXX 

30,992 

EQUINOX FITNESS CLUB 

24,000 

HAMPTON BAYS 

HAMPTON BAYS PLAZA 

1989 

70,990 

100.0 

MACY'S 

50,000 

PETCO 

11,890 

HICKSVILLE 

HICKSVILLE PLAZA 

2004 

35,736 

100.0 

PETCO (2) 

12,919 

DOLLAR TREE 

10,481 

HUNTINGTON STATION 

TURNPIKE PLAZA 

2011 

52,973 

95.3 

RITE AID 

11,010 

LIDL 

30,700 

JERICHO 

JERICHO COMMONS 

2007 

171,180 

100.0 

MARSHALLS 

33,600 

MILLERIDGE 

20,466 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

39,504 

KEW GARDENS HILLS 

FAMILY DOLLAR UNION TURNPIKE 

2012 

10,790 

92.5 

LITTLE NECK 

LITTLE NECK PLAZA 

2003 

48,275 

100.0 

LITTLE NECK GROCERY 

8,750 

LONG ISLAND CITY 

KEY FOOD - 21ST STREET 

2012 

6,065 

100.0 

KEY FOOD 

5,621 

MANHASSET 

MANHASSET CENTER 

1999 

155,321 

100.0 

MARSHALLS 

40,114 

NORDSTROM RACK 

34,257 

KING KULLEN 

37,570 

MASPETH 

GRAND PLAZA 

2004 

22,500 

100.0 

KEY FOOD 

22,500 

MASSAPEQUA 

CARMAN'S PLAZA 

2022 

169,400 

87.9 

PLANET FITNESS 

19,870 

DMV 

19,310 

KEYFOOD 

32,570 

MASSAPEQUA PARK 

SOUTHGATE SHOPPING CENTER 

2022 

111,743 

100.0 

KING KULLEN SUPERMARKET 

51,283 

MERRICK 

MERRICK COMMONS 

KIR 

2000 

110,250 

100.0 

HOMEGOODS 

24,836 

PLANET FITNESS 

15,038 

LIDL 

31,478 

MINEOLA 

MINEOLA CROSSINGS 

2007 

26,747 

97.7 

NORTH SHORE FARMS 

10,000 

MUNSEY PARK 

MUNSEY PARK PLAZA 

KIR 

2000 

72,748 

43.1 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

20,000 

NESCONSET 

SMITHTOWN PLAZA 

2009 

55,968 

100.0 

PETSMART 

28,916 

BOB'S DISCOUNT FURNITURE 

27,052 

COSTCO (4) 

122,475 

NORTH MASSAPEQUA 

NORTH MASSAPEQUA S.C. 

2004 

29,599 

100.0 

DOLLAR TREE 

13,965 

PLAINVIEW 

MANETTO HILL PLAZA 

1969 

88,181 

94.9 

PLANET FITNESS 

19,159 

SELDEN 

INDEPENDENCE PLAZA - SELDEN 

2014 

236,130 

99.6 

HOME DEPOT 

102,220 

RITE AID 

14,673 

TARGET 

52,250 

STATEN ISLAND 

FOREST AVENUE S.C. 

KIR 

2000 

189,968 

98.1 

TJ MAXX/HOMEGOODS 

34,798 

LA FITNESS 

34,000 

STATEN ISLAND 

RICHMOND S.C. 

1989 

268,362 

99.4 

REGENCY FURNITURE 

29,216 

HOMEGOODS 

26,375 

TARGET 

139,839 

STATEN ISLAND 

GREENRIDGE PLAZA (3) 

1997 

95,683 

97.9 

LA FITNESS 

33,180 

ALDI 

21,317 

STATEN ISLAND 

THE BOULEVARD 

2006 

409,624 

94.5 

ALAMO DRAFTHOUSE CINEMA 

45,485 

LA FITNESS 

37,583 

SHOPRITE 

67,868 

STATEN ISLAND 

FOREST AVENUE PLAZA 

2005 

46,063 

100.0 

TARGET 

46,063 

SYOSSET 

SYOSSET S.C. 

1967 

32,124 

100.0 

PLANET FITNESS 

16,664 

SYOSSET 

SYOSSET CORNERS 

2022 

25,442 

100.0 

VALLEY STREAM 

KEY FOOD - CENTRAL AVENUE 

2012 

27,924 

100.0 

KEY FOOD 

27,924 

WEST ISLIP 

SEQUAMS SHOPPING CENTER 

2022 

24,149 

100.0 

SOUTHDOWN MARKET 

11,575 

WHITE PLAINS 

WHITE PLAINS S.C. 

2004 

14,450 

100.0 

DOLLAR TREE 

14,450 

WOODBURY 

WOODBURY COMMON 

2022 

85,658 

84.4 

THE FRESH MARKET 

19,800 

WOODBURY 

THE MARKETPLACE 

2022 

35,737 

88.0 

PARTY CITY 

12,000 

WOODBURY 

STOP SHOP 

2022 

55,000 

100.0 

STOP SHOP 

55,000 

WOODSIDE 

C TOWN INT'L FRESH MARKET 

2012 

7,500 

100.0 

CTOWN INTERNATIONAL FRESH MARK 

7,500 

YONKERS 

SHOPRITE S.C. 

1995 

43,560 

100.0 

SHOPRITE 

43,560 

YONKERS 

ROMAINE PLAZA 

2005 

10,329 

100.0 

ADVANCE AUTO PARTS 

10,329 

OREGON 

CLACKAMAS 

CLACKAMAS PROMENADE 

PRU 

2007 

235,116 

98.1 

HOBBY LOBBY 

45,461 

NORDSTROM RACK 

27,766 

TARGET (4) 

125,923 

GRESHAM 

GRESHAM TOWN FAIR 

PRU 

2006 

264,634 

89.4 

MADRONA WATUMULL 

55,120 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

26,832 

GRESHAM 

OREGON TRAIL CENTER 

2009 

208,276 

84.6 

MARSHALLS 

27,500 

OFFICE DEPOT 

26,706 

HAPPY VALLEY 

CLACKAMAS SQUARE 

OIP 

2021 

73,951 

88.1 

TJ MAXX 

25,404 

WINCO FOODS (4) 

64,255 

HILLSBORO 

TANASBOURNE VILLAGE 

PRU 

2008 

206,691 

98.5 

RITE AID 

27,465 

DSW SHOE WAREHOUSE 

19,949 

SAFEWAY 

53,000 

MILWAUKIE 

MILWAUKIE MARKETPLACE 

PRU 

2007 

185,760 

80.5 

RITE AID 

31,472 

PLANET FITNESS 

25,000 

NEW SEASONS MARKET 

42,630 

PORTLAND 

JANTZEN BEACH CENTER 

2017 

741,227 

98.1 

HOME DEPOT 

106,500 

BURLINGTON 

70,501 

TARGET 

138,700 

PORTLAND 

RALEIGH HILLS PLAZA 

OIP 

2021 

39,520 

100.0 

WALGREENS 

15,120 

NEW SEASONS MARKET 

22,822 

PENNSYLVANIA 

ARDMORE 

SUBURBAN SQUARE (3) 

2007 

309,998 

91.5 

LIFE TIME FITNESS 

78,363 

WEST ELM 

10,543 

TRADER JOE'S 

12,548 

BLUE BELL 

CENTER SQUARE S.C. 

1996 

120,211 

100.0 

KOHL'S 

93,444 

HOMEGOODS 

26,767 

MCCAFFREYS FOOD MARKETS (4) 

88,842 

CHAMBERSBURG 

WAYNE PLAZA 

2008 

131,623 

89.9 

WINE SPIRITS SHOPPE 

11,309 

GIANT FOOD 

67,521 

DEVON 

DEVON VILLAGE 

2012 

68,935 

87.7 

WINE SPIRITS SHOPPE 

10,394 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

33,504 

EAST NORRITON 

NORRITON SQUARE 

1984 

131,794 

99.1 

HAIR BUZZ 

18,025 

JOANN 

12,250 

SHOPRITE 

66,506 

EAST STROUDSBURG 

POCONO PLAZA 

1973 

143,790 

94.7 

HOMEGOODS 

22,500 

WINE SPIRITS SHOPPE 

11,388 

GIANT FOOD 

66,479 

EXTON 

WHITELAND TOWN CENTER 

1996 

85,184 

100.0 

KOHL'S 

85,184 

HARRISBURG 

HARRISBURG EAST S.C. 

1972 

192,078 

100.0 

VALUE CITY FURNITURE 

48,884 

TOUCH OF COLOR FLOORING 

31,167 

GIANT FOOD 

72,251 

HAVERTOWN 

TOWNSHIP LINE S.C. 

1996 

80,938 

100.0 

KOHL'S 

80,938 

HORSHAM 

HORSHAM POINT 

2015 

71,737 

88.4 

GIANT FOOD 

48,820 

MONTGOMERYVILLE 

MONTGOMERY SQUARE 

KIR 

2002 

254,432 

93.6 

BED BATH BEYOND 

32,037 

GABE'S 

28,892 

GIANT FOOD 

67,179 

PHILADELPHIA 

CASTOR PLACE 

OJV 

1983 

184,097 

100.0 

BURLINGTON 

70,723 

RAYMOUR FLANIGAN FURNITURE 

33,000 

PHILADELPHIA 

COTTMAN BUSTLETON CENTER 

OJV 

1995 

332,812 

99.3 

TARGET 

137,000 

PEP BOYS 

20,800 

ACME 

66,703 

PHILADELPHIA 

FRANKFORD AVENUE S.C. 

1996 

82,345 

100.0 

KOHL'S 

82,345 

PHILADELPHIA 

LINCOLN SQUARE 

2017 

101,226 

100.0 

TARGET 

36,215 

PETSMART 

15,360 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

32,000 

PHILADELPHIA 

FISHTOWN CROSSING 

2022 

133,025 

92.4 

PEP BOYS 

20,615 

DOLLAR GENERAL 

11,948 

IGA SUPERMARKET 

40,000 

PITTSBURGH 

WEXFORD PLAZA (3) 

2010 

149,541 

88.0 

THE TILE SHOP 

16,059 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

38,613 

PITTSBURGH 

CRANBERRY COMMONS 

2016 

165,920 

98.7 

TJ MAXX 

30,000 

STAPLES 

23,884 

FRESH THYME FARMERS MARKET 

31,296 

RICHBORO 

CROSSROADS PLAZA - RICHBORO 

1986 

111,982 

96.6 

ACME 

55,537 

SHREWSBURY 

SHREWSBURY SQUARE S.C. (3) 

2014 

91,506 

93.2 

GIANT FOOD 

58,785 

SPRINGFIELD 

SPRINGFIELD S.C. 

1983 

171,277 

95.6 

STAPLES 

26,535 

EMPIRE BEAUTY SCHOOL 

11,472 

GIANT FOOD 

66,825 

WHITEHALL 

WHITEHALL CENTER 

1996 

84,524 

100.0 

KOHL'S 

84,524 

WYNNEWOOD 

SHOPPES AT WYNNEWOOD 

2014 

55,911 

100.0 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

45,453 

PUERTO RICO 

BAYAMON 

REXVILLE TOWN CENTER 

2006 

185,689 

86.3 

PLANET FITNESS 

18,100 

CHUCK E CHEESE 

13,600 

PUEBLO 

35,588 

CAGUAS 

PLAZA CENTRO 

2006 

599,409 

96.8 

COSTCO 

134,881 

JCPENNEY 

98,348 

SAM'S CLUB 

138,622 

CAROLINA 

LOS COLOBOS 

2006 

572,052 

91.0 

GRAND SAVIA 

118,242 

HOME DEPOT 

109,800 

ECONO RIAL 

56,372 

MANATI 

MANATI VILLA MARIA S.C. 

2006 

69,640 

76.4 

PLANET FITNESS 

20,350 

FARMACIAS SAVIA 

11,525 

MAYAGUEZ 

WESTERN PLAZA 

2006 

354,675 

98.0 

HOME DEPOT 

109,800 

CARIBBEAN CINEMA 

45,126 

SAM'S CLUB 

100,408 

PONCE 

PONCE TOWNE CENTER 

2006 

191,680 

91.5 

2000 CINEMA CORP. 

60,000 

PETSMART 

13,279 

SUPERMERCADOS MAXIMO 

35,651 

TRUJILLO ALTO 

TRUJILLO ALTO PLAZA 

2006 

191,551 

100.0 

GRAND STORES 

35,000 

ME SALVE 

22,415 

PUEBLO SUPERMARKET 

26,869 

SOUTH CAROLINA 

CHARLESTON 

ST. ANDREWS CENTER 

1978 

187,905 

100.0 

BURLINGTON 

35,351 

PETCO 

15,314 

HARRIS TEETER 

52,334 

CHARLESTON 

WESTWOOD PLAZA 

1995 

180,845 

100.0 

BARNES NOBLE 

25,389 

TJ MAXX 

25,240 

HARRIS TEETER 

53,000 

GREENVILLE 

WOODRUFF S.C. 

2010 

118,452 

100.0 

ACADEMY SPORTS OUTDOORS 

89,510 

TRADER JOE'S 

12,836 

GREENVILLE 

FOREST PARK 

2012 

51,103 

90.2 

THE FRESH MARKET 

20,550 

TENNESSEE 

MADISON 

OLD TOWNE VILLAGE 

1978 

175,593 

97.9 

OLD TIME POTTERY 

99,400 

WALMART NEIGHBORHOOD MARKET 

39,687 

CORDOVA 

THE COMMONS AT DEXTER LAKE 

2021 

228,796 

98.0 

CRUNCH FITNESS 

36,000 

MARSHALLS 

30,000 

KROGER 

69,300 

MEMPHIS 

MENDENHALL COMMONS 

2021 

88,108 

98.8 

KROGER 

74,685 

MEMPHIS 

HIGHLAND SQUARE 

2021 

14,490 

TEXAS 

AMARILLO 

WESTGATE PLAZA 

KIR 

1997 

488,022 

98.8 

HOME DEPOT 

109,800 

KOHL'S 

94,680 

AUSTIN 

CENTER OF THE HILLS 

1998 

145,337 

46.7 

PETCO 

13,108 

AUSTIN 

SUNSET VALLEY MARKETFAIR 

PRU 

2007 

213,352 

100.0 

BED BATH BEYOND 

42,098 

BUY BUY BABY 

28,730 

AUSTIN 

MUELLER REGIONAL RETAIL CENTER 

2021 

357,087 

100.0 

HOME DEPOT 

113,341 

BEST BUY 

29,404 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

20,171 

AUSTIN 

HOMESTEAD S.C. 

OJV 

2011 

88,824 

94.8 

BARNES NOBLE 

24,685 

PETCO 

12,350 

AUSTIN 

ROUND ROCK S.C. 

OJV 

2011 

131,039 

100.0 

GATTI LAND EATER-TAINMENT 

31,094 

O'REILLY AUTO PARTS 

29,678 

AUSTIN 

CENTURY SOUTH S.C. 

OJV 

2011 

207,538 

97.6 

ACADEMY SPORTS OUTDOORS 

61,452 

PACIFIC RESOURCES ASSOCIATES 

46,690 

BELLAIRE 

BELLAIRE BLVD S.C. 

2021 

37,699 

100.0 

HOUSTON METHODIST 

34,076 

BROWNSVILLE 

LAS TIENDAS PLAZA 

2005 

238,683 

92.4 

BURLINGTON 

80,274 

TJ MAXX 

28,460 

BROWNSVILLE 

NORTH TOWNE PLAZA - BROWNSVILLE 

2021 

27,846 

12.9 

BURLESON 

GATEWAY STATION 

2011 

367,552 

97.3 

KOHL'S 

86,584 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,187 

ALBERTSONS (4) 

54,340 

COLLEGE STATION 

ROCK PRAIRIE MARKETPLACE 

2021 

31,603 

59.0 

CONROE 

CONROE MARKETPLACE 

2015 

289,322 

98.6 

ASHLEY FURNITURE HOMESTORE 

48,000 

TJ MAXX 

32,000 

DALLAS 

CITYPLACE MARKET 

KIR 

1998 

83,868 

92.6 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

28,160 

OFFICEMAX 

23,500 

TARGET (4) 

130,715 

DALLAS 

PRESTON FOREST VILLAGE 

PRU 

2007 

171,143 

96.2 

CVS 

16,799 

RALLY HOUSE 

10,800 

VITAMIN COTTAGE NATURAL FOOD 

15,130 

FORT WORTH 

MONTGOMERY PLAZA 

2015 

286,737 

93.4 

MARSHALLS/HOMEGOODS 

38,032 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,079 

TARGET (4) 

173,890 

FRISCO 

PRESTON LEBANON CROSSING 

2006 

240,647 

93.6 

HOBBY LOBBY / MARDELS 

81,392 

HEMISPHERES 

50,000 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

26,043 

GALVESTON 

GALVESTON PLACE (3) 

2021 

208,052 

98.8 

SPEC'S LIQUOR 

29,845 

OFFICE DEPOT 

29,813 

RANDALL'S 

52,550 

GRAND PRAIRIE 

LAKE PRAIRIE TOWNE CROSSING 

2006 

243,940 

98.1 

24 HOUR FITNESS 

30,000 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

29,931 

TARGET (4) 

173,890 

HOUSTON 

CYPRESS TOWNE CENTER 

2005 

279,210 

99.1 

TJ MAXX 

32,000 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,187 

TARGET (4) 

125,400 

HOUSTON 

THE CENTRE AT COPPERFIELD 

2015 

144,055 

100.0 

BEST BUY 

35,317 

HOMEGOODS 

31,620 

HOUSTON 

COPPERWOOD VILLAGE 

2015 

350,787 

81.0 

MARSHALLS 

30,382 

PARTY CITY 

23,500 

FOOD TOWN (4) 

57,539 

HOUSTON 

TOMBALL CROSSING 

2013 

149,065 

92.5 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,176 

OLD NAVY 

19,222 

HOUSTON 

COPPERFIELD VILLAGE (3) 

2015 

164,068 

96.8 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

26,000 

TOTAL WINE MORE 

23,608 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

29,582 

HOUSTON 

HEIGHTS PLAZA 

2021 

71,277 

99.4 

GOODWILL INDUSTRIES 

24,841 

KROGER 

32,390 

HOUSTON 

WESTHILL VILLAGE 

2021 

130,851 

95.7 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

27,685 

99 CENTS ONLY 

24,061 

HOUSTON 

BLALOCK MARKET 

2021 

97,277 

100.0 

99 RANCH MARKET 

83,791 

HOUSTON 

THE CENTRE AT POST OAK 

2021 

183,940 

93.3 

MARSHALLS 

40,000 

NORDSTROM RACK 

30,017 

HOUSTON 

ALABAMA SHEPHERD S.C. 

2021 

59,120 

100.0 

PETSMART 

22,283 

WHOLE EARTH PROVISION CO. 

16,218 

TRADER JOE S 

14,566 

HOUSTON 

SHOPPES AT MEMORIAL VILLAGES 

2021 

166,777 

87.7 

GULF COAST VETERINARY 

82,658 

HOUSTON 

HEB - DAIRY ASHFORD MEMORIAL 

2021 

36,874 

100.0 

HEB GROCERY 

36,874 

HOUSTON 

SHOPS AT HILSHIRE VILLAGE 

2021 

119,082 

100.0 

WALGREENS 

15,120 

KROGER 

63,373 

HOUSTON 

VILLAGE PLAZA AT BUNKER HILL 

2021 

491,686 

93.7 

ACADEMY SPORTS OUTDOORS 

86,120 

BURLINGTON 

40,000 

HEB GROCERY 

127,983 

HOUSTON 

WESTCHASE S.C. 

2021 

218,756 

66.5 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,000 

PETCO 

14,680 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

45,489 

HOUSTON 

SHOPS AT KIRBY DRIVE 

2021 

10,000 

70.1 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET (4) 

26,000 

HOUSTON 

SHOPS AT THREE CORNERS 

2021 

251,972 

95.9 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,187 

BIG LOTS 

22,050 

FIESTA 

80,676 

HOUSTON 

RIVER OAKS S.C. (3) 

2021 

308,995 

93.5 

BARNES NOBLE 

33,179 

KELSEY SEYBOLD CLINIC 

12,538 

KROGER 

55,670 

HOUSTON 

OAK FOREST 

2021 

161,687 

99.2 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

27,955 

DOLLAR TREE 

15,120 

KROGER 

65,206 

HOUSTON 

RICHMOND SQUARE 

2021 

92,657 

62.9 

BEST BUY 

58,321 

HUMBLE 

ATASCOCITA COMMONS 

2013 

316,574 

90.0 

KOHL'S 

88,827 

TJ MAXX 

50,035 

TARGET (4) 

180,000 

KINGWOOD 

KINGS CROSSING 

2021 

127,296 

100.0 

LA FITNESS 

40,000 

ACE HARDWARE 

29,199 

LAREDO 

NORTH CREEK PLAZA 

2021 

242,065 

90.9 

BEST BUY 

45,699 

MARSHALLS 

40,000 

HEB GROCERY (4) 

59,840 

LAREDO 

PLANTATION CENTRE 

2021 

136,487 

98.5 

HEB GROCERY 

85,846 

LAREDO 

INDEPENDENCE PLAZA - LAREDO 

2021 

347,339 

100.0 

HOBBY LOBBY 

55,000 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,187 

HEB GROCERY 

147,324 

MCALLEN 

TRENTON CROSSING - NORTH MCALLEN 

2021 

265,566 

86.5 

HOBBY LOBBY 

55,000 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,164 

TARGET (4) 

123,693 

MCALLEN 

OLD NAVY - MCALLEN 

OJV 

2021 

15,000 

100.0 

OLD NAVY 

15,000 

MCALLEN 

MARKET AT NOLANA 

OJV 

2021 

41,138 

85.7 

WALMART (4) 

205,113 

MCALLEN 

LAS TIENDAS S.C. 

OJV 

2021 

287,952 

99.5 

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS 

76,100 

TOTAL WINE MORE 

33,574 

MCALLEN 

NORTHCROSS S.C. 

OJV 

2021 

74,765 

85.4 

BARNES NOBLE 

24,864 

MCALLEN 

MCALLEN CENTER 

OJV 

2021 

103,631 

100.0 

XTREME JUMP 

55,000 

TRUFIT ATHLETIC CLUB 

48,631 

MESQUITE 

KROGER PLAZA 

1974 

79,550 

100.0 

KROGER 

51,000 

MISSION 

SHARYLAND TOWNE CROSSING 

OJV 

2021 

360,889 

97.0 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

29,798 

TJ MAXX 

28,000 

HEB GROCERY 

148,270 

MISSION 

MARKET AT SHARYLAND PLACE 

OJV 

2021 

107,912 

95.4 

KOHL'S 

89,912 

DOLLAR TREE 

10,000 

WALMART (4) 

186,000 

PASADENA 

FAIRWAY PLAZA 

KIR 

1999 

410,071 

98.3 

BEST BUY 

36,896 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,187 

PLANO 

ACCENT PLAZA 

1996 

100,598 

100.0 

HOME DEPOT EXPO 

97,798 

RIO GRANDE CITY 

STARR PLAZA 

OJV 

2021 

176,693 

86.8 

MARSHALLS 

24,000 

HEB GROCERY 

109,121 

SAN ANTONIO 

THE SHOPPES @ WILDERNESS OAKS 

2021 

20,130 

94.6 

SAN ANTONIO 

FIESTA TRAILS 

2021 

362,020 

90.2 

BOB MILLS FURNITURE 

96,000 

BEST BUY 

37,000 

HEB GROCERY (4) 

78,000 

SAN ANTONIO 

STEVENS RANCH 

2021 

32,726 

85.3 

HEB GROCERY (4) 

100,000 

SPRING 

GRAND PARKWAY MARKETPLACE 

2014 

583,699 

96.5 

ACADEMY SPORTS OUTDOORS 

63,182 

HOBBY LOBBY 

55,000 

TARGET (4) 

126,844 

SUGAR LAND 

WOODBRIDGE S.C. 

2012 

96,623 

98.3 

KROGER 

64,842 

TOMBALL 

TOMBALL MARKETPLACE 

2021 

168,724 

87.3 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

25,000 

MARSHALLS 

25,000 

WEBSTER 

CENTER AT BAYBROOK 

2006 

363,830 

88.0 

HOBBY LOBBY 

100,086 

BEL FURNITURE 

58,842 

WEBSTER 

BAYBROOK GATEWAY 

2021 

241,149 

100.0 

ASHLEY FURNITURE HOMESTORE 

45,000 

BARNES NOBLE 

32,000 

VIRGINIA 

ALEXANDRIA 

HILLTOP VILLAGE CENTER 

2021 

250,811 

100.0 

LA FITNESS 

35,000 

WEGMANS 

128,357 

ALEXANDRIA 

WEST ALEX-RETAIL 

2021 

98,051 

89.1 

HARRIS TEETER 

61,816 

ARLINGTON 

CENTRO ARLINGTON 

2021 

72,367 

100.0 

HARRIS TEETER 

51,518 

BURKE 

BURKE TOWN PLAZA 

2014 

124,148 

100.0 

CVS 

12,380 

SAFEWAY 

53,495 

FAIRFAX 

COSTCO PLAZA - FAIRFAX 

KIR 

1998 

341,727 

100.0 

HOME DEPOT 

126,290 

24 HOUR FITNESS 

42,837 

COSTCO 

139,658 

FAIRFAX 

MAIN STREET MARKETPLACE 

PRU 

2007 

96,862 

100.0 

TJ MAXX 

27,888 

WALGREENS 

15,230 

FAIRFAX 

OLD TOWN PLAZA 

2007 

52,946 

85.3 

LEESBURG 

BATTLEFIELD S.C. 

PRU 

2007 

317,400 

83.8 

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS 

43,149 

BIG LOTS 

36,958 

PENTAGON CITY 

PENTAGON CENTRE 

CPP 

2010 

337,788 

98.5 

MARSHALLS 

42,142 

BEST BUY 

36,532 

COSTCO 

171,286 

STAFFORD 

DOC STONE COMMONS 

2016 

101,042 

100.0 

STAPLES 

23,942 

PETCO 

12,000 

GIANT FOOD 

61,500 

STAFFORD 

STAFFORD MARKETPLACE 

2015 

330,749 

99.1 

TJ MAXX 

30,545 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

30,179 

SHOPPERS FOOD 

67,995 

STERLING 

POTOMAC RUN PLAZA 

2008 

361,110 

100.0 

REGENCY FURNITURE 

45,210 

MICHAELS 

35,333 

TARGET (4) 

125,204 

STERLING 

DULLES TOWN CROSSING 

2015 

808,442 

99.1 

WALMART 

209,613 

LOWE'S HOME CENTER 

135,197 

SAM'S CLUB 

135,193 

WOODBRIDGE 

GORDON PLAZA (3) 

2017 

143,133 

98.3 

REGENCY FURNITURE 

73,882 

THE SALVATION ARMY 

17,070 

ALDI 

16,530 

WOODBRIDGE 

SMOKETOWN STATION 

KIR 

1998 

503,788 

99.4 

HOBBY LOBBY 

63,971 

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS 

57,437 

WASHINGTON 

AUBURN 

AUBURN NORTH 

2007 

174,855 

92.3 

LA FITNESS 

34,500 

OFFICE DEPOT 

23,070 

BELLEVUE 

THE MARKETPLACE AT FACTORIA 

2013 

495,573 

95.4 

TARGET 

101,495 

WALMART (2) 

76,207 

AMAZON FRESH 

24,900 

COVINGTON 

COVINGTON ESPLANADE 

2021 

187,388 

98.9 

HOME DEPOT 

130,948 

FEDERAL WAY 

PAVILIONS CENTRE 

KIR 

2000 

202,322 

100.0 

JOANN 

43,506 

BARNES NOBLE 

24,987 

H MART 

55,069 

KENT 

CANYON RIDGE PLAZA 

PRU 

2006 

86,909 

95.6 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

27,200 

OLD NAVY 

12,500 

TARGET (4) 

115,900 

LAKE STEVENS 

FRONTIER VILLAGE S.C. 

2012 

188,259 

99.2 

MICHAELS 

22,389 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

22,354 

SAFEWAY 

61,000 

MILL CREEK 

GATEWAY S.C. 

2016 

96,671 

98.3 

PLANET FITNESS 

25,333 

SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET 

29,942 

PUYALLUP 

MERIDIAN TOWN CENTER 

OIP 

2021 

77,666 

100.0 

JOANN 

35,023 

TUESDAY MORNING 

20,849 

SAFEWAY (4) 

65,691 

PUYALLUP 

SOUTH HILL CENTER 

OIP 

2021 

134,010 

100.0 

BEST BUY 

45,365 

BED BATH BEYOND 

32,920 

SEATTLE 

JEFFERSON SQUARE 

PRU 

2006 

86,060 

100.0 

BARTELL DRUGS 

13,327 

SAFEWAY 

39,556 

SEATTLE 

THE WHITTAKER 

2021 

63,663 

100.0 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

41,000 

SEATTLE 

QUEEN ANNE MARKETPLACE 

OIP 

2021 

80,488 

100.0 

BARTELL DRUGS 

19,569 

METROPOLITAN MARKET 

48,350 

SEATTLE 

RAINIER VALLEY SQUARE 

OIP 

2021 

110,803 

98.9 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

25,692 

SAFEWAY 

64,186 

SEATTLE 

2200 WESTLAKE RETAIL 

OIP 

2021 

87,014 

98.3 

WHOLE FOODS MARKET 

47,367 

SILVERDALE 

SILVERDALE PLAZA 

2012 

170,403 

94.0 

JOANN 

29,903 

RITE AID 

23,470 

SAFEWAY 

55,000 

SPOKANE 

FRANKLIN PARK S.C. 

2015 

123,288 

97.6 

BED BATH BEYOND 

36,692 

ROSS DRESS FOR LESS 

25,000 

TRADER JOE'S 

12,052 

TUKWILA 

PARKWAY SUPER CENTER 

KIR 

2003 

468,857 

100.0 

DICK'S SPORTING GOODS 

53,545 

MACY'S FURNITURE 

48,670 

LAM'S SEAFOOD MARKET 

28,136 

TOTAL 539 SHOPPING CENTER PROPERTY INTERESTS (5) 

93,006,053 

(1) 

Percent leased information as of December 31, 2022. 

(2) 

Denotes tenants who are Dark Paying. 

(3) 

Denotes projects which exclude GLA of units being held for redevelopment. 

(4) 

Denotes tenants who are Shadow Anchors. 

(5) 

Does not include 16 properties, primarily through the Company s preferred equity investments, other real estate investments and non-retail properties, totalling approximately 3.5 million square feet of GLA. 

CPP 

Denotes property interest in Canada Pension Plan. 

KIR 

Denotes property interest in Kimco Income REIT. 

OIP 

Denotes property interest in Other Institutional Programs. 

OJV 

Denotes property interest in Other US Joint Ventures. 

PRU 

Denotes property interest in Prudential Investment Program. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 kim-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 kim-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 kim-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 kim-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 kim-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

