<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_1819113_0001819113-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22392324</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>530671</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>14458097</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2784458</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2303010</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2163555</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001819113-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306060337
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001819113-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		151
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Science 37 Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001819113
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				844278203
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39727
		FILM NUMBER:		23707432

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 CORPORATE POINTE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 320
		CITY:			CULVER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90230
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(984)377-3737

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 CORPORATE POINTE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 320
		CITY:			CULVER CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lifesci Acquisition II Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200723

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001819113-23-000009.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 snce-20221231.htm
 10-K

snce-20221231 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 Commission file number: 
 ____________________________ 
 
 ____________________________ 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 o Accelerated filer 
 o 
 x Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sales price on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 As of March 1, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Table of Contents 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 38 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 38 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 39 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved.] 
 39 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 81 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 81 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 82 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 82 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 83 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 86 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 95 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 98 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 102 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 104 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 105 
 SIGNATURES 
 106 
 
 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, but not limited to, statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, plans and prospects, existing and prospective products, research and development costs, timing and likelihood of success, and plans and objectives of management for future operations and results, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms believes, can, could, estimates, anticipates, expects, seeks, projects, intends, plans, may, might, should, will, or would or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that may impact such forward-looking statements include: 
 expectations regarding the Company s strategies and future financial performance, including its future business plans or objectives, prospective performance and opportunities and competitors, revenues, backlog conversion, products and services, pricing, operating expenses, market trends, liquidity, cash flows and uses of cash, capital expenditures, and ability to invest in growth initiatives and pursue acquisition opportunities; 
 risks related to the Company s technology, intellectual property, data privacy and cybersecurity practices; 
 risks related to the Company s reliance on third parties; 
 risks related to general economic and financial market conditions, including the impact of ongoing supply chain disruptions and inflationary cost pressures and the possibility of an economic recession; political, legal and regulatory environment; and the industries in which the Company operates; 
 the risk that the Company will need to raise additional capital to execute its business plan, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all; 
 limited liquidity and trading of the Company s securities; 
 volatility in the price of Science 37 s securities due to a variety of factors, including changes in the competitive and highly regulated industries in which Science 37 operates, variations in performance across competitors and changes in laws and regulations affecting Science 37 s business; 
 geopolitical risk and changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
 the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; 
 operational risks; and 
 litigation and regulatory enforcement risks, including the diversion of management time and attention and the additional costs and demands resulting therefrom on the Company s resources. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on the Company s current expectations and beliefs and are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our forward-looking statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the Company s control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described or incorporated by reference under the heading Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Furthermore, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. 
 3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Company will not and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our common stock. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: 
 Science 37 has a limited operating history on which to assess the prospects for Science 37 s business, Science 37 has generated limited revenue from sales of Science 37 s products and related services, and Science 37 has incurred losses since inception. As such, you cannot rely upon its historical operating performance to make an investment decision regarding Science 37. Science 37 anticipates that it will continue to incur significant losses as it continues to commercialize its existing products and services and seeks to develop and commercialize new products and services. 
 Science 37 may need to raise additional funding to strengthen its core business, expand into additional markets, and extend the reach of its operating system. This additional financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force Science 37 to delay, limit or terminate Science 37 s product commercialization or development efforts or other operations. 
 The potential loss or non-renewal of Science 37 s contracts, any delay in its customers clinical trials or non-payment by its customers for services that Science 37 has performed, could negatively affect its business, results of operations and financial results. 
 Science 37 depends entirely on the clinical trial market, and a downturn in this market could cause its revenues to decrease. 
 Science 37 may face political, legal and compliance, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks associated with the international expansion of its operations that Science 37 does not currently face or that are more significant than in its domestic operations. 
 Science 37 s business depends on the continued effectiveness and availability of its information systems, including the information systems Science 37 uses to provide its services to its customers, and failures or breaches of these systems may materially limit or harm its operations. 
 Science 37 relies on third parties for important products, services and licenses to certain technology and intellectual property rights, and there might be problems with such products or services or it might not be able to continue to obtain such products, services and licenses. 
 Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws, regulations, and industry standards could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. 
 Science 37 incurs significant costs and obligations as a result of being a recently public company. 
 The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. In addition, we may be unable to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements and could be delisted from Nasdaq. 
 Volatility in our share price could subject us to securities class action litigation. 
 4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Corporate History and Background 
 On October 6, 2021 (the Closing Date ), Science 37 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly named LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. or LSAQ , a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company) consummated a merger pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated May 6, 2021, by and among LifeSci Acquisition II Corp., LifeSci Acquisition II Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. Merger Sub ), and Science 37, Inc., a Delaware corporation Legacy Science 37 ). 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, a business combination between LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. and Legacy Science 37 was effected through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Legacy Science 37, with Legacy Science 37 remaining as the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. (the Merger and collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination ). On the Closing Date, LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. changed its name to Science 37 Holdings, Inc. (the Company or Science 37 ). 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, and the Company are intended to mean the business and operations of Legacy Science 37 prior to the Business Combination and to Science 37 Holdings, Inc. following the closing of the Business Combination. 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol SNCE. 
 Overview 
 Founded in 2014, Science 37 pioneered the concept of patient-centric clinical trials with a very simple premise: that clinical trials should begin with the patient. 
 Through its patient-centric approach, Science 37 reduces the impact of the geographic barriers associated with conventional physical clinical trial sites, enabling recruitment of virtually any patient. Science 37 believes that centering the clinical trial around the patient with personalized support addresses current industry needs around patient recruitment, retention, representation, and engagement. To expand clinical trial access Science 37 offers a unique model to existing non-research focused healthcare networks to seamlessly participate without the traditional site infrastructure costs. 
 Science 37 s patient-centric model is powered by a proprietary end-to-end unified technology platform and its team of approximately 460 employees with significant therapeutic and subject matter expertise. As the backbone of Science 37 s offering, the proprietary unified technology platform standardizes and orchestrates the process for clinical trials across Science 37 s specialized network of patient communities, telemedicine investigators, flexible mobile nurse networks, remote coordinators, and robust network of technology integrations. 
 Our Market 
 Science 37 is addressing a market that it believes is ripe for disruption, with the clinical trial model having been largely unchanged over the past 60 to 90 years. The traditional clinical trial model relies on a network of physical clinical research sites for trial execution, requiring patients to travel to a site for each visit. Due to geographical limitations of centralized sites, only an estimated 8 of patients are approached to join a clinical trial because most do not live near a participating research site. About 30 of the patients recruited do not complete the full study. In addition to increased patient burden, the site-centric traditional clinical trial has given rise to a myriad of operational challenges, including slow start up, poor enrollment, high patient drop-out rates, and lack of diversity, all of which negatively impact timelines to launch life-saving drug treatments for patients. In the end, approximately 80 of trials experience delays, 94 of them greater than one month, resulting in prolonged timelines of up to 13 years to launch drug treatments globally. 
 Global annual research and development spending has increased from 52.1 billion in 2000 to current annual spending of approximately 252 billion, growing at a 7.1 compounded annual growth rate CAGR ). Based on its management team s experience and knowledge of this market, Science 37 estimates that approximately 52 of this spending will be outsourced, resulting in a serviceable available market of approximately 131 billion. Science 37 expects this serviceable available market SAM to grow at an approximate 6 CAGR over the next five years. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the General Economic and Financial Market Conditions and the Industries in which Science 37 Operates Science 37 s estimate of the market size for its products and services may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market size is accurate, there can be no assurance that its business will serve a significant portion of the market . 
 5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Our Competitive Strengths 
 Science 37 continues to be a leader in patient-centric clinical trials and in supporting novel approaches to decentralized clinical trial DCT designs. Science 37 is uniquely positioned with its proprietary end-to-end technologies and services to orchestrate patient centric trial execution. We also believe that Science 37 has more scale and experience in managing patient centric clinical trials than any other company, having executed more than 135 clinical trials with approximately 650,000 patients engaged to date. By bringing research to patients and providers more directly, Science 37 unlocks access to patients previously left out of trial opportunities, resulting in faster patient enrollment, improved patient retention, and increased representation of diversity in trial patient populations, all of which enables sponsors to accelerate the development of potentially life-saving treatments through faster study timelines. Compared to the traditional site-centric model, Science 37 has been able to initiate clinical trials up to 2.5 times faster, recruit patients up to 21 times faster and demonstrate patient retention at up to 26 higher rates. 
 Additionally, enrollment through Science 37 has resulted in up to three times more diverse participant pools, better representing the real world population. As the commercial value of a drug is highest prior to its patent expiry date, these efficiency gains are critical to maximizing the commercial value of a sponsor s clinical pipeline. 
 The strengths of Science 37 s offerings lie in its highly configurable unified technology platform combined with its centralized patient recruitment capabilities and specialized network of patient communities. 
 Unified Technology Platform: Science 37 s full-stack technology platform is purpose-built for patient-centric clinical trial execution and is designed to provide an end-to-end, single stop solution. The platform enables modern, digital clinical research workflows by unifying the experience for all stakeholders, including the patients, investigators, nurses, study coordinators and sponsors, resulting in a standardized approach to evidence generation and harmonized clinical trial data. The configurable, pre-defined workflows ensure that patients and remote clinical trial teams remain in sync, empowering standard operating processes that facilitate compliance and consistency. Science 37 s powerful data capture tools are designed to provide flexibility to support complex evidence generation. Virtually any assessment that is performed on paper can be digitized into Science 37 s platform. Once captured, data is automatically loaded into the platform with compliant audit trails and reporting for close monitoring throughout the study. Science 37 believes that its technology platform provides a common data infrastructure that enables the harmonization of data, both for internal monitoring and management as well as external data flows. Open Application Programming Interface allows for the structured exchange of data in nearly real-time, including Electronic Data Capture and Electronic Health Record integrations. Architecturally, Science 37 s platform is cloud-based and multi-tenant with appropriate data segregation. Availability, scalability, and security are fundamental characteristics of the architecture. 
 Centralized Patient Recruitment: Science 37 uses diversified, multi-channel programs to identify patients who fit the profile for each of its projects. This includes Science 37 s database of opted-in individuals interested in clinical research. Digital media supports the targeting of the right messages for the right audience at the right time and Science 37 uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to target its outreach to attract individuals who are the most likely to participate in the study. Additionally, Science 37 partners with its global network of healthcare providers to identify and recruit participants based on medical criteria. Through Science 37 s network it identifies specific providers who are best suited to bring on potentially eligible participants, and works hand in hand through the recruitment process. Finally, Science 37 has a series of partnerships that help ensure that it targets patients through trusted channels. This includes partnerships with large national pharmacies, labs and health plans who have well-established processes to refer highly qualified participants to clinical research studies, as well as large digital health portals with access to broad audiences. Identifying patients is only the beginning of the journey. Science 37 s team of patient engagement coordinators strives for 100 follow-up across all channels to maximize the capture rate of its recruitment efforts. 
 Specialized Networks: Science 37 s networks of patient communities, telemedicine investigators, mobile nurses, and remote coordinators are designed for the purpose of orchestrating patient-centric clinical trials. Science 37 believes that these networks are unique in the patient-centric clinical trial delivery space, and Science 37 has developed Standard Operating Procedures SOPs and comprehensive training on its proprietary methods of trial conduct. The power of Science 37 s networks is unlocked by its technology platform, which is designed to enable a unified clinical trial experience. Science 37 s networks continue to grow globally and across therapeutic areas to enable increasingly complex patient-centric clinical trial designs. 
 6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Extensive Configuration: Science 37 s unified technology platform is highly configurable to support virtually any phase of clinical study and any therapeutic area. Science 37 s deep experience in executing patient-centric clinical trials enables it to quickly configure its technology to meet the specific needs of each customer. 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 Science 37 s growth strategy is focused on leveraging our strengths to capture opportunities in the rapidly evolving clinical trial industry. By continuing to innovate our unified technology platform, we aim to enhance our competitive advantage and deliver value to our clients through shorter clinical research timelines. Our goal is to expand our customer base and therapeutic portfolio while establishing a strong presence in key international markets. Also, we also plan to expand our strategic partnerships with Clinical Research Organizations CROs and tap into their therapeutic expertise, customer base, and distribution channels to reach new customers. 
 Furthermore, we plan to enter the real-world evidence RWE vertical, leveraging our expertise in novel approaches to data collection and analysis to provide actionable insights and support decision making for our customers. Our offerings are versatile and can be applied to a range of customer sizes and therapeutic areas, making them accessible to a wide range of organizations globally. Science 37 s focused growth strategy is centered around the aforementioned ideas, with patient accessibility to research serving as the foundation: 
 1. Expanding our Innovative Unified Technology Solution to Revolutionize Clinical Trial Execution: We are committed to pushing the boundaries in the speed and efficiency of clinical trial execution. To achieve this, we have developed a cutting-edge, unified technology solution to power the decentralization of clinical research. The unified technology platform has already demonstrated its ability to streamline clinical workflows and simplify the capture of clinical data, while also reducing the time and costs associated with traditional processes. Given the significant impact that unified technology has had on the industry, we will continue investing in our unified technology platform. Our focus on innovation will enable us to further optimize our platform and deliver even greater value to our clients. Through continued investment, we expect to achieve a number of key benefits, including: 
 a. Accelerated recruitment: Our unified technology solution leverages data to support more efficient and effective patient recruitment. This will help us to reduce the time and costs associated with clinical trial execution, while also increasing the reach and impact of our trials. 
 b. Streamlined clinical workflows: By removing redundant processes and simplifying clinical workflows, our unified technology solution will help to reduce the time and effort required to complete clinical trials. This will result in faster and more accurate data capture, as well as a more seamless experience for trial participants. 
 c. Increased enterprise value: Our investment in our unified technology platform will help to drive the growth and efficiency of delivery. As we continue to deliver our unique value proposition to clients, we expect to attract new business and retain existing clients, driving increased revenue and profitability over time. 
 Our focus on innovation and our commitment to expanding our unified technology solution is a key part of our strategy to drive growth. We believe that this investment will position us well for future growth. 
 2. Deepen Existing Client Relationships: The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted the clinical research industry as traditional sites and site management organizations SMOs are struggling to recruit and enroll patients to the same extent as pre-pandemic levels. This has led trial sponsors to seek innovative solutions to bring their innovative therapies to a wider patient population. We intend to capitalize on this opportunity by expanding relationships with our existing clients. We will do this by increasing the scope of patient enrollment in our existing study portfolio and working collaboratively with sponsors to identify areas where we can support their recruitment and enrollment efforts. Our approach to patient-centric clinical trials sets us apart from our competitors and enables us to deliver best-in-class execution. We believe that by consistently delivering on our promise, we can meaningfully increase the scope of enrollment in existing studies and generate repeat business for new studies with existing clients. 
 3. Expand Our Client Base: The clinical research industry is facing a significant challenge as a large number of clinical trials are unable to meet their recruitment timelines. To address this issue, sponsors are exploring alternative methodologies to expand patient access to clinical trials. We aim to capitalize on this demand by targeting new customers who have portfolios that can benefit from our innovative offerings. Our offerings have been specifically designed to address the recruitment challenges faced by trial sponsors, specifically, our delivery track record demonstrates that we have consistently outperformed recruitment benchmarks in comparison to 
 7 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 traditional clinical trials. Our offerings are versatile and can be applied to a range of customer sizes and therapeutic areas, making them accessible to a wide range of organizations. While our offerings are suitable for early stage biopharmaceutical companies and large pharmaceuticals, we will continue to concentrate on larger pharmaceutical companies who have the purchasing power to drive repeat bookings. This focus will help us to maximize our revenue potential, drive long-term growth and provide significant repeatable value to our customers. 
 4. Expand Strategic Partnerships with Contract Research Organizations (CROs): CROs play a crucial role in the clinical research industry as they are heavily relied on by industry sponsors as key outsourcing partners. CROs witness a substantial volume of deal flow each year, making them a valuable resource in the clinical research space. We offer a unique solution to CROs, which enables them to broaden patient access and either meet or surpass enrollment timelines for trial sponsors. We believe that CRO strategic partnerships are a crucial aspect of our growth strategy as they provide us with access to their therapeutic expertise, customer base, and distribution channels. CRO strategic partnerships will enable us to reach new customers and benefit to our company and serve as a foundation for continued growth. 
 5. Continue International Expansion: As regulations permit, we believe there is an opportunity to further penetrate the global clinical trial ecosystem with our unique patient-centric offering. Our goal is to expand our reach into key international markets and increase our customer base. Our offering is versatile and can be adapted to meet the needs of a diverse range of organizations and therapeutic areas. We have carefully evaluated the international market and are confident in our ability to establish a strong presence and build long-lasting global relationships with customers. This expansion will not only provide us with new growth opportunities, but it will also increase our brand recognition and help us to reach new customers. We are committed to delivering value to our customers and believe that international expansion will play a crucial role in achieving this goal. 
 6. Further Expansion into Adjacent Verticals: RWE is becoming increasingly important in the clinical research landscape, providing valuable insights into the real-world effectiveness and safety of treatments. As a clinical trial company, we have a wealth of experience and expertise in the collection and analysis of clinical data. Our expansion into RWE will allow us to complement our clinical trial offerings and provide a more comprehensive solution for our customers. We will leverage our existing capabilities and build upon our existing relationships to bring real-world data to life and deliver actionable insights to our customers. The RWE market is growing rapidly and presents a significant opportunity for our company. Our expansion into this vertical will allow us to tap into new customer segments and therapeutic areas, increase our revenue streams and drive growth. Our goal is to become a leading provider of RWE decentralized technology and services, delivering high-quality data to our customers that enables informed decision-making. We believe that our expansion into the RWE vertical will position us well for future growth and success. Our experienced team, combined with our innovative approach to data collection and analysis, will allow us to deliver exceptional results for our customers. 
 Our Offerings 
 Science 37 derives its revenue primarily from two sources: (i) contractual arrangements to enable and enhance clinical trials through technology and/or services (Full DCT and Metasite), and (ii) licensing of its proprietary Technology Platform to a variety of life science institutions. Science 37 focuses on four offerings, all with Science 37 s unified technology platform serving as the foundation: 
 1. Full Decentralized Clinical Trial. In this offering, Science 37 is the sole provider delivering for a sponsor. Science 37 is performing the entire clinical trial on its technology platform, including orchestrating all the visits and activities. 
 2. Metasite. In this case, Science 37 acts as a virtual site to supplement a network of traditional sites. Science 37 leverages its technology platform and orchestrates the clinical trial but is responsible for only a portion of the total patients associated with a clinical trial. 
 3. Hybrid Clinical Trials. In this offering, Science 37 leverages its virtual site technology and services to digitize a portion of the visits conducted on a trial, enabling sponsors and CROs to conduct hybrid trials with portions of the trial visits being conducted virtually. 
 4. Technology. Science 37 is not conducting the trial, nor is it a Metasite, but configures the technology to support patient engagement, remote eConsent, eSource (eCOA, eCRF), telemedicine and/or third party integrations as part of a broader trial solution. Science 37 has a Software-as-a-Service SaaS option should the sponsor or CRO wish to deploy the technology themselves. 
 8 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Customers 
 The configurability of the Science 37 offerings allows Science 37 to meet the needs of each customer in a customized manner. Science 37 s platform accounts for the trial design, number of participants, therapeutic area, study complexity and use of home visits and electronic assessments for remote data capture. Science 37 is recognized as the leader in patient-centric clinical trial solutions among its customers, providing a leading offering, rooted in strong experience, and an architect of the future clinical trial design. 
 Science 37 s customers consist of large and mid-sized pharmaceutical companies, biotech customers, CROs as well as academic institutions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, one customer individually represented greater than 10 of revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2021, three customers each individually represented greater than 10 of revenue. 
 The majority of Science 37 s contracts with its customers range in duration from a few months to several years. Science 37 generally receives compensation based on measuring progress toward completion using anticipated project budgets and direct labor and prices for each service offering. In addition, in certain instances, a customer contract may include forms of variable consideration such as incentive fees, volume rebates or other provisions that can increase or decrease the transaction price. This variable consideration is generally awarded upon achievement of certain performance metrics, program milestones or cost targets. Most of Science 37 s contracts can be terminated by the customer without cause with a 30-day notice. In the event of termination, Science 37 s contracts generally provide that the customer pay Science 37 for: (i) fees earned through the termination date; (ii) fees and expenses for winding down the project, which include both fees incurred and actual expenses; (iii) non-cancellable expenditures; and (iv) in some cases, a fee to cover a portion of the remaining professional fees on the project. 
 Competition 
 Science 37 competes at the intersection of companies that orchestrate clinical trials and companies with technology to support the orchestration of clinical trials. 
 Along the clinical trial orchestration dimension, the primary market participants are CROs, Sites, and site network commonly referred to as Site Management Organizations or SMOs. 
 CROs are typically engaged by trial sponsors to manage and facilitate the full trial. CROs then contract with Sites and SMOs to enroll and manage patients along the trials schedule of assessments. To ensure quality and compliance CROs send monitors site monitors called Clinical Research Associates to the Sites or SMOs physical locations to ensure quality and compliance in accordance with good clinical practices GCP ). While some CROs refer to Science 37 as a competitor, Science 37 views CROs as partners and a sales channel. 
 Sites and SMOs predominantly execute traditional clinical trials where a patient is required to come to the physical location for all the visits outlined on the schedule of assessments. The current method of executing at a traditional site or SMOs requires a set of SOPs that are custom fit for each sites operations and are largely heterogeneous from other sites. Due to the heterogeneous nature of these SOPs sponsors require CROs to monitor traditional Site and SMOs operations for quality and compliance. Alternatively, Science 37 s approach to patient-centric clinical trials requires a significantly different set SOPs than those that are utilized at a traditional site or SMOs. The set of proprietary SOPs outline processes for conducting patient-centric clinical trials utilizing Science 37 s proprietary technology platform to execute clinical trials in compliance with GCP. Science 37 s SOPs enables CROs to leverage Science 37 s offerings to help manage the shift in the industry to more patient-centric, remote, and decentralized trials. 
 Alternatively, eClinical companies are focused on making the traditional site model more efficient. Many of these companies have unique capabilities that can plug into Science 37 s technology stack and, as such, have become partners, including physIQ Inc, Signant Health, ERT and Ai Cure. 
 There are emerging players that have less developed orchestration and technology capabilities that are trying to emulate the Science 37 model; however, they are several years behind Science 37 and do not possess the same scale. 
 Social Responsibility 
 Social responsibility is core to Science 37 s mission-oriented corporate culture. Science 37 was founded to address structural hurdles in today s clinical landscape that drive low patient and provider participation and result in slow timelines in getting life-changing therapies to market. Science 37 s model is designed to empower the patient while deeply engaging the clinical trial team of investigators, nurses, and coordinators, in order to disrupt the traditional trial delivery system and ultimately drive better outcomes. 
 9 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Science 37 is committed to a culture that embraces the diversity and privacy of our patients and the communities we serve, as well as our employees and directors, and committed to act as a good corporate citizen in the governance of our company. Science 37 empowers diversity in clinical trials. We make clinical research more accessible to underserved populations to enable representation of real-world populations. Diverse audiences want to participate in clinical trials but so often, are not asked, overlooked, or unable to access because of geographic barriers. Science 37 s proprietary end-to-end unified technology platform enables universal access to patients and providers, leading to a more diverse patient population. Leveraging such technology platform, Science 37 s Diversity in Clinical Trials business unit s mission is to collaborate with patients, employees, sponsors, and community organizations who share our vision of eliminating health disparities in underrepresented communities through our patient-centered hybrid and decentralized clinical trial approach. 
 Science 37 is further committed to a culture that embraces the diversity and privacy of our patients and the communities we serve, as well as our employees and directors, and is committed to act as a good corporate citizen in the governance of our company. 
 Culture and Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, Science 37 had approximately 460 full-time employees. Science 37 also maintains flexibility in staffing through use of contractors and consultants. Science 37 s employees are integral to the success of the Company. With their support, Science 37 has built a work environment based on mutual trust, high collaboration and inclusion, which provides opportunities for continued growth and exceptional performance. Science 37 believes that its commitment to building a great company centered around its people has accelerated its path in disrupting the status quo. 
 Science 37 recruits new employees that wish to pursue its mission to democratize clinical research, enabling it as a care option for everyone, everywhere. Equally, Science 37 looks for employees who are passionate in the pursuit of its vision to democratize clinical research by enabling universal access for patients. 
 Science 37 holds itself to four core values to guide its actions: 
 Intentional Focus: Science 37 has a clear North Star in its mission and vision. Science 37 is explicit regarding the market it is pursuing and in its value proposition to address that market. Science 37 s employees are given SMART (Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Relevant and Time-Bound) goals on which to base their activities, and are intentional about focusing on ways to deliver efficiently. 
 Breaking Barriers: Science 37 s commitment to breaking barriers every day has resulted in creative thinking and a persistent pursuit of new, robust solutions across process, technology, partnerships and organizational design that enable Science 37 to push the boundaries of the status quo. Science 37 s employees think differently, are empowered to make decisions and achieve transformational results. 
 Making a Difference: Making a difference captures the action-mindedness of Science 37 s culture. It embodies the constant pursuit of better outcomes through commitment, sweating the details, ensuring clear lines of accountability, and adding a personal touch that builds better relationships. It is a pursuit of excellence, not only by each individual themselves, but also supporting colleagues to help everyone reach higher standards, all of which creates a virtuous cycle toward better outcomes. 
 Gratitude and Respect: Most importantly, Science 37 s leaders, managers, and individual contributors take the time to say thank you for a job well done, for bold decision making and for supporting each other in the pursuit of its common goals. Science 37 treats others how it would like to be treated, and promotes gratitude and respect in all its interactions with its customers, its patients, and one another. 
 Science 37 has built its culture by recruiting and developing employees who are passionate about the Science 37 mission and its values. Science 37 strongly supports diversity efforts through its hiring process, employee training and awareness, and continues to foster professional growth opportunities within its diverse employee base. Science 37 has a collaborative and supportive remote work environment that encourages retention and engagement. 
 Science 37 is a performance-driven environment, and provides employees with goals and objectives aligned with driving customer success and shareholder value. Science 37 has a competitive pay practice, including performance-based awards for the purpose of attracting, retaining and motivating employees, executive officers and directors. None of Science 37 s employees are represented by a labor union, and it has never experienced a work stoppage. 
 10 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Quality 
 Science 37 is profoundly dedicated to providing the highest level of clinical and operational quality. In Science 37 s culture of quality, every employee is dedicated to protecting and improving the experience of all stakeholders (patients, providers, CROs, sponsors and more) in clinical research. Quality is woven into every step - what Science 37 calls the Science 37 Way - to ensure that trial planning and conduct meet Science 37 s commitments to all stakeholders from initial contact of a prospective sponsor to the final closeout of a study. 
 Contact to Kickoff: From the moment of first contact with a prospective sponsor through the deal process, and project initiation, Science 37 s team of subject matter experts, including medical directors, therapeutic heads, technologists, clinical operations and procurement, undertake in-depth and detailed solutioning for each project. To minimize risk and ensure confidence and quality, Science 37 accounts for its previous learnings, leveraging its knowledge base around best practices by phase, therapeutic area and protocol construct. Science 37 conducts risk planning from the onset, outlining assumptions, potential risks, and detailed mitigation plans, which Science 37 corroborates with its customers during a highly formalized kickoff meeting to ensure alignment, minimize ambiguity and forge a partnership in support of quality. 
 Kickoff to Conduct: After a formal kickoff meeting, as Science 37 prepares for project initiation, its cross-functional team works in lockstep to ensure they plan across every dimension. Science 37 develops project-specific execution plans to ensure alignment and proper escalation paths, and tracks progress against predefined operational and quality metrics. Science 37 leverages tools that reflect its experience in delivery, such as its detailed RACIs responsibility assignment matrices and step-by-step operational flows, which enable it to startup trials efficiently, in compliance and in accordance with its customer kickoff discussions. As part of conduct readiness, Science 37 Study Teams undergo training on all its SOPs, International Conference on Council for Harmonization ICH GCP guidelines, U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA regulations, data privacy, diversity and any other applicable topics related to both broader trial conduct and study-specific conduct. Additional periodic training is conducted to ensure comprehension. Science 37 investigators are board-certified in their chosen therapeutic specialties and have appropriate medical licensure and certifications. All Science 37 investigators go through rigorous investigator onboarding and training on company SOPs, GCP/ICH guidelines, FDA and other applicable regulations. Similar certification is required of Science 37 s nursing network, and similar training is required across all other trial team roles. 
 Conduct to Closeout: In the third and final stage, Science 37 follows its detailed SOPs to ensure it stays compliant and can pivot as the trial progresses. Patient safety remains Science 37 s top priority. Science 37 s policies govern how it operates in all patient-centric touchpoints, particularly in the development of its technology platform and conduct of research; regular training for its employees ensures compliance with these processes. Science 37 is governed by a holistic Quality Management System QMS that meets the requirements of 21 CFR 820 Subpart B - Quality System Requirements. As independent oversight, the Science 37 Quality and Compliance function develops and executes an Internal Clinical Quality Audit Plan for each study. At the cornerstone of the QMS is the Quality Management Review, during which executive management reviews and discusses the overall health of the QMS. The QMS is designed to ensure, and seeks to demonstrate, that any issues encountered are addressed with an appropriate solution. 
 Intellectual Property 
 In the course of conducting its business, Science 37 develops and uses proprietary software, systems, processes, databases and other intellectual property. It seeks to protect its proprietary and confidential information and trade secrets through confidentiality agreements with employees, customers and other third parties, as well as implementing administrative and technical safeguards to protect the security of such information and trade secrets. Science 37 also relies on trademark laws to protect its brand, names, and logos. For example, Science 37 has applied for and/or obtained and maintains registration in the United States and other countries for numerous trademarks. Science 37 also enters into agreements with third parties for the license and use of their intellectual property, although no one such license is considered to be material to the business as a whole. Science 37 does not have any material patents or copyright; however, in the future, Science 37 may rely on patent and copyright laws, as may be appropriate and applicable, to protect its intellectual property rights. 
 Government Regulation 
 Regulation of Clinical Trials 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is subject to a high degree of governmental regulation in both domestic and international markets. Regardless of the country or region in which approval is sought, before a marketing application for a product candidate is ready for submission to regulatory authorities, the product candidate must undergo rigorous testing in 
 11 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. The clinical trial process must be conducted in accordance with the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act in the United States and similar laws and regulations in the relevant foreign jurisdictions. These laws and regulations require the product candidate to be tested and studied in certain ways prior to submission for approval. 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates the conduct of clinical trials of drug products in human subjects, and the form and content of regulatory applications. The FDA also regulates the development, approval, manufacture, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping, import, export, distribution, advertising, sale, and marketing of drug products. The FDA has similar authority and similar requirements with respect to the clinical testing of biological products and medical devices. Within the European Union EU ), clinical trial requirements are enforced by the EU Clinical Trial Regulation 536/2014 harmonizing the processes for assessment and supervision of clinical trials throughout the EU. The evaluation, authorization and supervision of clinical trials are the responsibility of the EU Member States and the European Economic Area EEA ). In the United Kingdom UK ), clinical trial requirements are enforced by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (the MHRA under the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004. Similar requirements also apply in other jurisdictions where Science 37 operates or where its customers intend to apply for marketing authorization. 
 Some of these regulations apply directly to Science 37, as a clinical trial operator; others apply to Science 37 s customers, as pharmaceutical companies, and contractually to Science 37 as their service provider. 
 Clinical trials conducted outside the United States are subject to the laws and regulations of the country where the trials are conducted. These laws and regulations might differ from the laws and regulations administered by the FDA and other laws and regulations regarding the protection of patient safety and privacy and the control of study pharmaceuticals, medical devices or other materials. FDA laws and regulations may apply to clinical studies conducted outside the United States if, for example, such studies are conducted under an Investigational New Drug Application IND ). It is the responsibility of the study sponsor or the parties conducting the studies to ensure that all applicable legal and regulatory requirements are fulfilled. 
 Science 37 s services are subject to various regulatory requirements designed to ensure the quality and integrity of the clinical trial process. In the United States, Science 37 must perform its clinical development services in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including GCP and Good Pharmacovigilance Practice. The industry standard for the conduct of clinical trials is embodied in the FDA s regulations for an Institutional Review Board IRB ), investigators and sponsor/monitors, regulations collectively termed GCP by industry, and the GCP guidelines issued by the ICH of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use, which have been agreed upon by industry and regulatory representatives from the United States, the European Union, and Japan. GCP requirements address, among other things, IRBs, qualified investigators, informed consent, recordkeeping and reporting. Regulatory authorities enforce GCP requirements through periodic inspections. Violations of GCP requirements could result in enforcement actions including the issuance of warning letters, civil penalties, product recalls, criminal prosecutions or debarment, suspension or exclusion from involvement in future clinical trials or the submission of pre-market approval applications. Science 37 monitors its clinical trials to test for compliance with applicable laws and regulations in the United States and the foreign jurisdictions in which it operates. Science 37 has adopted SOPs that are designed to satisfy regulatory requirements and serve as a mechanism for controlling and enhancing the quality of its clinical trials. We have adopted SOPs that are designed to satisfy regulatory requirements and serve as a mechanism for controlling and enhancing the quality of our clinical trials. In the United States, our procedures were developed to ensure compliance with GCP and associated requirements. Science 37 must also maintain reports in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements for each study for auditing or inspection by the customer and regulatory authorities. 
 Prior to commencing human clinical trials, a company developing a new drug must file an IND with the FDA or, in the case of certain new devices, an Investigational Device Exemption IDE ). The IND or IDE must include information about pre-clinical tests, chemistry, manufacturing and control data, and a study protocol for the proposed clinical trial of the drug or device in humans. If the FDA does not object in writing within 30 days after filing, the IND or IDE becomes effective and the clinical trial may begin. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies or other concerns with an IND or IDE for which modification is required, the FDA may permit a clinical trial to proceed under a conditional approval. Clinical holds may also be imposed by the FDA at any time before or during trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. Submission of an IND or IDE therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin or continue a clinical trial. A separate submission to an existing IND or IDE must also be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development. Each clinical trial must be conducted in accordance with an effective IND or IDE. 
 Clinical studies must be approved by, and conducted under the oversight of an IRB, for each clinical site. The IRB is responsible for the initial and continuing review, approval, and monitoring, and may impose additional requirements for the conduct of the study. In some cases, an IND or IDE supplement must be submitted to, and approved by, the FDA before a 
 12 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 sponsor or investigator may make a change to the investigational plan that may affect its scientific soundness, study plan or the rights, safety or welfare of human subjects. The FDA, the IRB, or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the study subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. 
 During a study, the sponsor is required to comply with the applicable FDA requirements, including, for example, trial monitoring, selecting clinical investigators and providing them with the investigational plan, ensuring IRB review, adverse event reporting, record keeping and prohibitions on the promotion of investigational devices or on making safety or effectiveness claims for them. The clinical investigators in the clinical study are also subject to FDA s regulations and must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational plan and study protocol, control the disposition of the investigational device, and comply with all reporting and recordkeeping requirements. 
 In order to comply with GCP and other regulations, sponsors of clinical trials must, among other things: 
 comply with specific requirements governing the selection of qualified principal investigators and clinical research sites; 
 obtain specific written commitments from the investigators; 
 obtain review, approval and supervision of clinical trials by an IRB or ethics committee; 
 obtain favorable opinion from regulatory agencies to commence a clinical trial; 
 verify that appropriate patient informed consent is obtained before the patient participates in a clinical trial; 
 ensure adverse drug reactions resulting from the administration of a drug or biologic during a clinical trial are medically evaluated and reported in a timely manner; 
 monitor the quality, validity and accuracy of data; 
 maintain records regarding drug or biologic dispensing and disposition; 
 verify that principal investigators and study staff maintain records and reports; and 
 permit appropriate governmental authorities access to data for review. 
 In operating clinical trials on behalf of sponsors, Science 37 is required, either by contract or direct regulation, to comply with these requirements as well. Science 37 may be subject to regulatory action if it fails to comply with applicable rules and regulations. Failure to comply with certain regulations can also result in the termination of ongoing research and disqualification of data collected during the clinical trials. If a clinical trial is not conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements, the applicable regulatory agency may require that a clinical trial be modified, suspended or terminated, and Science 37 or its customers may be subject to a variety of enforcement actions. For example, violations could result, depending on the nature of the violation and the type of product involved, in the issuance of a warning letter; suspension or termination of a clinical study; refusal of the FDA to authorize a sponsor to proceed under an IND or IDE for a clinical trial; refusal of the FDA to approve marketing applications, or withdrawal of such marketing applications; injunction, seizure of investigational products; civil penalties; criminal prosecutions; or debarment from assisting in the submission of new drug applications. IRBs may also suspend or terminate research not conducted in accordance with IRB requirements or that has been associated with unexpected serious harm to subjects. 
 Regulation of Personal Information 
 Science 37 holds confidential personal health and other information relating to persons who have been, are and may in the future be involved in clinical trials or otherwise. The collection, possession, retention, use, transmission and disclosure of such information is highly regulated, both in the United States and the other jurisdictions where Science 37 operates, and Science 37 is subject to Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 and all regulations promulgated thereunder, and the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act of 2003, among others. Additionally, Science 37 may be subject to State-level privacy, security and breach notification and healthcare information laws, including, but not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 and the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Depending on the services provided, Science 37 s operations outside the United States may be subject to privacy regulations and laws such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR in the European Union, the UK s data protection regime consisting primarily of the UK General Data Protection Regulation (the UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 or the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act PIPEDA in Canada. Such laws and regulations may place restrictions or conditions on the export of personal data outside their applicable geographies, and/or impose additional requirements on service providers. In particular, the GDPR and UK GDPR include obligations and restrictions concerning the consent and rights of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the transfer of personal data out of 
 13 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 the EEA or UK (respectively), security breach notifications and the security and confidentiality of personal data. The GDPR authorizes fines for certain violations of up to 4 of global annual revenue or 20 million, whichever is greater. Additionally, the UK GDPR authorizes fines for certain violations of up to 4 of global annual revenue or GBP 17.5 million, whichever is greater. European and UK data protection authorities may interpret the GDPR and national laws (including the UK GDPR) differently and impose additional requirements, which contributes to the complexity of processing personal data in or from the EEA and/or UK. Guidance on implementation and compliance practices is often updated or otherwise revised. 
 Other Regulations 
 The foregoing descriptions do not include an exhaustive list of the laws and regulations governing or impacting our business. Science 37 also must comply with other related international, federal, state and local regulations that govern the practice of medicine (by trial investigators) and nursing (by mobile research nurses), as well as regulations that apply to employers and businesses generally, including, but not limited to, labor and employment and tax laws. 
 Any failure on Science 37 s part to comply with applicable regulations could result in the termination of ongoing research, the disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities, fines and other sanctions, as well as liability to Science 37 s customers. Furthermore, any issuance of a notice of finding by a governmental authority against either Science 37 or its customers, based upon a material violation by Science 37 of any applicable regulation, could materially and adversely affect Science 37 s reputation and business. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for information regarding how actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate or failure to comply with such legislation and regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Available Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 800 Park Offices Drive, Suite 3606 Research Triangle Park, North Carolina 27709 and our phone number is (984) 377-3737. Our website is www.science37.com . We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Our SEC filings are available to the public over the internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Our SEC filings are also available free of charge on the Investor Relations portion of our website at investors.science37.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our website and the information contained on or through that site is not, and will not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated into any of our filings with the SEC, except where we expressly incorporate such information. All website addresses in this report are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should consider carefully the following risk factors, as well as the other information set forth in this report, including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. The following discussion of risk factors includes forward-looking statements and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. The disclosures of a risk should not be interpreted to imply that such risk has not already materialized. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Science 37 s Limited Operating History and Early Stage of Growth 
 Science 37 has a limited operating history on which to assess the prospects for Science 37 s business, Science 37 has generated limited revenue from sales of Science 37 s products and related services and Science 37 has incurred losses since inception. Science 37 anticipates that it will continue to incur significant losses as it continues to commercialize its existing products and services and seeks to develop and commercialize new products and services. 
 Since inception, Science 37 has devoted substantially all of its financial resources to develop its products and related services. Science 37 has financed its operations primarily through the issuance of equity securities. Science 37 has generated limited revenue from the sale of its products and services to date and has incurred significant losses. Science 37 has incurred net losses for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Science 37 s accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 was 253.1 million. These losses and accumulated deficit reflect the substantial investments Science 37 made to acquire new clients and partners and to develop its proprietary unified technology platform. Science 37 s ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability and sustain or increase profitability depends upon its ability to accelerate and expand the commercialization of its products and service offerings in line with the demand from new partnerships and its business strategy. Science 37 may be unable to achieve any or all of these goals. 
 14 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The amount of Science 37 s future net losses will depend, in part, on sales and on-going development of its products and related services, the rate of its future expenditures and its ability to obtain funding through the issuance of the Company s securities, strategic collaborations or grants. Science 37 expects to continue to incur significant losses as it continues to commercialize its existing products and services and seeks to develop and commercialize new products and services. Science 37 anticipates that its expenses will increase substantially if and as Science 37 continues to develop its products and services; continues to build its sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize its products and services; seeks to identify, assess, acquire, license and/or develop other products and services and subsequent generations of its current products and services; seeks to maintain, protect and expand its intellectual property portfolio; seeks to attract and retain skilled personnel; and supports its operations as a public company. 
 If Science 37 fails to manage its growth effectively, its business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 Science 37 expects its revenues, customer count, employee count, product and service offerings, geographies of operation, and computing infrastructure needs to all continue to increase in the future. As Science 37 continues to grow, both organically and through acquisitions, Science 37 must effectively integrate, develop, and motivate an increasing number of employees, while executing its growth plan and maintaining the beneficial aspects of its culture. Any failure to preserve Science 37 s culture could negatively affect its future success, including its ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees and to achieve its business objectives. 
 Science 37 s anticipated future growth may place a significant strain on its management capabilities, administrative and operational infrastructure, facilities, information technology (sometimes referred to as IT and other resources. Science 37 anticipates that additional investments in its computing infrastructure and facilities will be required to scale its operations. To effectively manage growth, Science 37 must continue to improve its key business applications, processes and computing infrastructure, enhance information and communication systems, and ensure that its policies and procedures evolve to reflect its current operations and are appropriately communicated to and observed by employees. These enhancements and improvements will require additional investments and allocation of valuable time, effort and expense. Failure to effectively manage growth could result in difficulty or delays in deploying Science 37 s solutions, declines in quality or customer satisfaction, increases in costs, difficulties in introducing new features or other operational difficulties, and any of these difficulties could adversely impact its business performance and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Science 37 s Business and Operations 
 Science 37 may experience significant quarterly and annual fluctuations in its results of operations due to a number of factors. 
 Science 37 s quarterly and annual results of operations may fluctuate significantly due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of its control. This variability may lead to volatility in Science 37 s stock price as investors and research analysts respond to quarterly fluctuations. In addition, comparing Science 37 s results of operations on a period-to-period basis, particularly on a sequential quarterly basis, may not be meaningful. You should not rely on Science 37 s past results as an indication of its future performance. 
 Factors that may affect Science 37 s results of operations include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in its quarterly volume of bookings, fluctuations in its backlog conversion rate, cancellation, scope reductions and non-renewals of contracts by its customers, and variability in the types of clinical trials for which Science 37 is awarded contracts. For example, certain clinical trials require significant upfront expenditures by Science 37 for patient recruitment. These expenditures may not always be recouped from Science 37 s customers, which could adversely affect Science 37 s revenue and gross margins. The revenue Science 37 derives from the contracts for such clinical trials could therefore be heavily concentrated in one quarterly period. Booking one or more trials with revenue heavily concentrated in one quarter could cause a temporary spike in Science 37 s quarterly results, which would not be repeated if Science 37 booked fewer or no such trials in subsequent quarters. The foregoing factors are difficult to forecast, and these, as well as other factors, could materially adversely affect Science 37 s quarterly and annual results of operations. 
 Science 37 may need to raise additional capital, and such additional capital may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force Science 37 to delay, limit or terminate Science 37 s product commercialization or development efforts or other operations. 
 Science 37 s operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Science 37 expects to expend substantial additional amounts to strengthen its core business, expand into additional markets, and extend the reach of its operating system. Science 37 may require additional capital to expand the commercialization of Science 37 s existing 
 15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 products and services and to develop new products and services. In addition, Science 37 s operating plans may change as a result of many factors that may currently be unknown to Science 37, and Science 37 may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. 
 Science 37 cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to it, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any future financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of Science 37 s stockholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by Science 37, or the possibility of such issuance may cause the market price of its common stock to decline. Incurring indebtedness could result in increased fixed payment obligations. The terms of a capital raising transaction could require Science 37 to agree to stringent financial and operating covenants that could limit its flexibility in operating its business. Science 37 could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable, and Science 37 may be required to relinquish rights to some of its technologies or products or otherwise agree to terms that are unfavorable to Science 37, any of which may have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and prospects. In addition, raising additional capital through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities would cause dilution to holders of Science 37 s equity securities. 
 Science 37 s actual operating results may differ significantly from guidance provided by its management. 
 From time to time, Science 37 may release guidance in its earnings releases, earnings conference calls, or otherwise, regarding its future performance that represent its management s estimates as of the date of release. This guidance, if released, would include forward-looking statements and would be based on projections prepared by Science 37 s management. Science 37 s guidance will not be prepared with a view toward compliance with published accounting and reporting guidelines, and neither its registered public accountants nor any other independent expert or outside party will compile or examine the projections and, accordingly, no such person will express any opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. Guidance will be based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic, and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond Science 37 s control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. Science 37 will generally state possible outcomes as high and low ranges which are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed, but are not intended to represent that actual results could not fall outside of the suggested ranges. The principal reason that Science 37 would release guidance would be to provide a basis for Science 37 s management to discuss its business outlook with analysts and investors. Science 37 will not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by analysts. Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the guidance furnished by Science 37 will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, Science 37 s guidance will only be an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results will vary from Science 37 s guidance and the variations may be material. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged to put the guidance in context and not to place undue reliance on any such guidance. Any failure to successfully implement Science 37 s operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances discussed therein could result in the actual operating results being different from its guidance, and such differences may be adverse and material. 
 The potential loss or non-renewal of Science 37 s contracts, any delay or halt in its customers clinical trials or non-payment by its customers for services that Science 37 has performed, could negatively affect its business and financial results. 
 Science 37 from time to time experiences termination, cancellation and non-renewals of contracts by its customers in the ordinary course of business, and the number of cancellations can vary significantly from year to year and could increase in the future. Most of Science 37 s customers for project-based clinical trial services can terminate their contracts without cause upon 30 to 90 days notice. For example, Science 37 s cancellation percentage for project-based Phase I through IV trials for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 36.9 and 9.2 , respectively. Science 37 s project-based customers may delay, terminate, or reduce the scope of their contracts for a variety of reasons beyond Science 37 s control, including but not limited to: 
 decisions to forgo or terminate a particular clinical trial, such as the cancellation of a clinical trial related to Covid-19 in light of the resolution of the pandemic; 
 amendments to a clinical trial protocol and/or the procedures required to support it; 
 lack of available financing, budgetary limits, or changing priorities; 
 actions by regulatory authorities; 
 16 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 production problems resulting in shortages of the drug being tested or other supplies required for the operation of the trial; 
 failure of the drug being tested to satisfy safety requirements or efficacy criteria; 
 unexpected or undesired clinical results, including adverse side effects caused by our customers product candidates; 
 insufficient patient enrollment in a trial; 
 insufficient investigator recruitment; 
 patient safety concerns; 
 decisions to downsize product development portfolios; 
 dissatisfaction with Science 37 s performance, including the quality of services provided and its ability to meet agreed upon schedules; 
 shift of business to another life sciences technology provider or to a CRO; 
 decisions to shift from a DCT model to a traditional clinical trial model; 
 product withdrawal following market launch in conjunction with late-phase research; or 
 shut down of Science 37 s customers manufacturing facilities. 
 In the event of termination, Science 37 s contracts often provide for fees for winding down the study, but these fees may not be sufficient for Science 37 to maintain its profit margins, and termination or non-renewal may result in lower resource utilization rates, including with respect to personnel who Science 37 is not able to place on another customer engagement. 
 Clinical trials can be costly and a material portion of Science 37 s revenue is derived from emerging biotechnology and small to mid-sized pharmaceutical companies, which may have limited access to capital. In addition, Science 37 provides services to such companies before they pay Science 37 for some of its services. There is a risk that Science 37 may initiate a clinical trial for a customer, and the customer subsequently becomes unwilling or unable to fund the completion of the trial. There is also a risk that Science 37 could miscalculate the expenses of executing a trial and agree with a customer to execute such trial at a price that proves insufficient to cover its expenses. In either situation, notwithstanding the customer s ability or willingness to pay for or otherwise facilitate the completion of the trial, Science 37 may be legally or ethically bound to complete or wind down the trial at its own expense. 
 Because the contracts included in Science 37 s backlog can generally be terminated without cause, Science 37 does not believe that its backlog as of any date is necessarily a meaningful predictor of future results. In addition, Science 37 may not realize the full benefits of its backlog of contractually committed services if its customers cancel, delay, or reduce their commitments under its contracts with them. In addition, the terminability of Science 37 s contracts puts increased pressure on its quality control efforts, since not only can its contracts be terminated by customers as a result of poor performance, but any such termination may also affect its ability to obtain future contracts from the customer involved and others. Science 37 believes the risk of loss or delay of multiple contracts is even greater in those cases where Science 37 is party to broader partnering arrangements with global biopharmaceutical companies. 
 Science 37 s backlog may not convert to revenue at a predictable rate, or at all. 
 Backlog represents anticipated revenue from contracted new business awards that either have not started or are in process but have not been completed. Backlog varies from period to period depending upon new business awards and contract modifications, cancellations, and the amount of revenue recognized under existing contracts. Science 37 s backlog was 172.9 million and 163.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Science 37 s revenue conversion rate is based on a financial and operational analysis performed by its project management teams and represents the level of effort expected to be expended at a specific point in time. Once work begins on a project, revenue is recognized over the duration of the project. Projects may be terminated, reduced in scope or delayed by the customer or delayed by regulatory authorities for reasons beyond Science 37 s control. To the extent projects are delayed, the timing of Science 37 s revenue could be affected. In the event that a customer cancels a contract or reduces the scope of a contract, Science 37 has no contractual right to the full amount of the revenue reflected in its backlog. The duration of the projects included in its backlog and the related revenue recognition range from a few months to many years. Science 37 s backlog may not be 
 17 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 indicative of its future results, and Science 37 may not realize all the anticipated future revenue reflected in its backlog. A number of factors may affect the realization of its revenue from backlog, including: 
 the size, complexity, and duration of the projects; 
 the cancellation or delay of projects; and 
 changes in the scope of work during the course of a project. 
 Fluctuations in Science 37 s reported backlog levels also result from the fact that it may receive a small number of relatively large orders in any given reporting period that may be included in its backlog. Revenue recognition on larger, more global projects could be slower than on smaller, less global projects for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, an extended period of negotiation between the time the project is awarded to Science 37 and the actual execution of the contract, as well as an increased time frame for obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals. Fluctuations in Science 37 s reported backlog levels could also result from a number of factors including, but not limited to, differences in recruiting rates for trials, its entry into new markets or geographies, evolution of both its and its competitors technologies, and varying rates of adoption of Science 37 s services by clinical sites or investigators, or as a result of its reliance on third parties for various products and services. 
 The relationship of backlog to realized revenues is indirect and may vary over time. As Science 37 increasingly competes for and enters into large contracts that are more complex in nature, there can be no assurance about the rate at which its backlog will convert into revenue. A decrease in this conversion rate would mean that the rate of revenue recognized on contracts may be slower than what Science 37 has experienced in the past, which could materially and adversely impact its revenue and results of operations on a quarterly and annual basis. Additionally, delayed projects will remain in backlog and will not generate revenue at the rate originally expected, which could impair Science 37 s cash flows and results of operations in the short-term. Because of these large orders, Science 37 s backlog in that reporting period may reach levels that may not be sustained in subsequent reporting periods. 
 If Science 37 is unable to successfully develop and market new services or enter new markets, Science 37 s growth, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 A key element of Science 37 s growth strategy is the successful development and marketing of new services or entering new markets that complement or expand its existing business. As Science 37 develops new services or enters new markets, Science 37 may not have or may not adequately build the competencies necessary to perform such services satisfactorily, may not receive market acceptance for such services or may face increased competition. If Science 37 is unable to succeed in developing new services, entering new markets or attracting a customer base for its new services or in new markets, Science 37 will be unable to implement this element of its growth strategy, and its future business, reputation and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 Science 37 may be unsuccessful in achieving broad market education and changing potential customers habits. 
 Science 37 s success and future growth largely depend on its ability to increase awareness of the potential benefits of the DCT model and of Science 37 s operating system, and on the willingness of current and potential customers to utilize its operating system. To effectively market Science 37 s operating system, Science 37 must educate potential customers, as well as healthcare providers and other participants that interact with potential customers, about the benefits of using its operating system in lieu of conducting a clinical trial through traditional methods. However, Science 37 cannot assure that it will be successful in changing potential customers habits or that it will achieve broad market education or awareness. Even if Science 37 is able to raise awareness among potential customers, they may be slow in changing their habits and may be hesitant to use Science 37 s operating system for a variety of reasons, including: 
 lack of experience with Science 37 and its operating system, and concerns that Science 37 is relatively new to the industry; 
 perceived health, safety or quality risks associated with the use of a new operating system and applications for clinical trials; 
 existing relationships with clinical investigators; 
 concerns about the privacy and security of the data that patients share with or through its operating system; 
 competition and negative selling efforts from competitors, including competing platforms and price matching programs; and 
 perception regarding the time and complexity of using its operating system. 
 18 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 If Science 37 fails to achieve broad market education of its operating system, or if Science 37 is unsuccessful in changing potential customers habits, its business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Science 37 s relationships with existing or potential customers who are in competition with each other may adversely impact the degree to which other customers or potential customers use its services, which may adversely affect its results of operations. 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is highly competitive. Science 37 regularly provides services to biopharmaceutical companies who compete with each other, and sometimes provides services to such customers regarding competing drugs in development. Science 37 s existing or future relationships with its biopharmaceutical customers may therefore deter other biopharmaceutical customers from using Science 37 s products or services, or may result in its customers reducing the scope of services that Science 37 provides to them or seeking to place limits on Science 37 s ability to serve other biopharmaceutical industry participants in connection with drug development activities. 
 If Science 37 is unable to attract suitable patients, investigators and mobile nurses for its clinical trials, its clinical development business may suffer. 
 The recruitment of patients, investigators and mobile nurses for clinical trials is essential to Science 37 s business. Science 37 s clinical development business could be adversely affected if Science 37 is unable to attract suitable and willing investigators, mobile nurses or patients for clinical trials on a consistent basis. For example, Science 37 has in the past used, and may in the future use, social media as part of its omnichannel approach to marketing and outreach to patients. Changes to these social networking services terms of use or terms of service that limit promotional communications, restrictions that would limit Science 37 s ability or Science 37 s customers ability to send communications through their services, disruptions or downtime experienced by these social networking services or reductions in the use of or engagement with social networking services by current and potential investigators and patients could also harm its business. Even in the absence of such changes or restrictions, it is possible that the marketing methods Science 37 has chosen to employ may prove ineffective due to patient preferences or other factors. If Science 37 is unable to engage and enroll sufficient patients or engage investigators and nurses in clinical trials, Science 37 may need to expend additional funds to obtain access to resources or else be compelled to delay or modify the clinical trial plans, which may result in additional costs to Science 37, or to consider termination of ongoing clinical trials, which would result in its failure to convert the related portion of its backlog. These considerations might result in Science 37 being unable to successfully achieve its projected development timelines, or potentially even lead Science 37 to consider the termination of development of a product. 
 If Science 37 loses the services of key personnel or is unable to recruit and retain experienced personnel, its business could be adversely affected. 
 Science 37 s success substantially depends on the collective performance, contributions and expertise of its personnel, including senior management and key personnel, qualified professional, scientific and technical operating staff and qualified sales representatives for its contract sales services. There is significant and increasing competition for qualified personnel, particularly those with higher educational degrees, such as a medical degree, a Ph.D. or an equivalent degree, or relevant experience in the industry. In addition, the departure of Science 37 s key employees, or its inability to continue to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel or replace any departed personnel in a timely fashion, may impact its ability to grow its business and compete effectively in its industry and may negatively affect Science 37 s ability to meet financial and operational goals. In addition, ineffective succession planning could result in unexpected costs, reduced productivity and/or difficulties with respect to internal processes and controls. 
 We face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations. 
 We have adopted, and may adopt in the future, restructuring plans to improve our operating efficiency and reduce operating costs. Restructuring presents significant potential risks of events occurring that could adversely affect us, including: 
 actual or perceived disruption of service or reduction in service standards to clients; 
 the failure to preserve supplier relationships and distribution, sales and other important relationships and to resolve conflicts that may arise; 
 loss of sales as we reduce or eliminate staffing on non-core services; 
 diversion of management attention from ongoing business activities; and 
 19 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 the failure to maintain employee morale and retain key employees. 
 Further, any such restructuring would result in charges that, if material, could harm our results of operations and significantly reduce our cash position. In addition, we may incur certain unforeseen costs once any restructuring activities are implemented, and we can give no assurance that any projected cost reductions resulting from our restructuring activities will be achieved within the expected timeframe, or at all. Because of these and other factors, we cannot predict whether we will realize the purpose and anticipated benefits of these measures and, if we do not, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Additionally, there may be delays in implementing planned restructuring activities or a failure to achieve the anticipated levels of cost savings and efficiency as a result of the restructuring activities, each of which could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Further restructuring or reorganization activities may also be required in the future beyond what is currently planned, which could further enhance the risks associated with these activities. 
 Science 37 s insurance may not cover all of its indemnification obligations and other liabilities associated with its operations. 
 Science 37 maintains insurance designed to provide coverage for ordinary risks associated with its operations and its ordinary indemnification obligations. The coverage provided by such insurance may not be adequate for all claims Science 37 may make or may be contested by Science 37 s insurance carriers. If Science 37 s insurance is not adequate or available to pay liabilities associated with its operations, or if Science 37 is unable to purchase adequate insurance at reasonable rates in the future, Science 37 s business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely impacted. 
 Science 37 derives a significant percentage of its revenues from a concentrated group of customers and the loss of one or more major customers could materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, one customer individually accounted for greater than 10 , or 10.6 million, of annual revenue. The loss of any of Science 37 s major customers could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition. Science 37 may not be able to maintain its customer relationships, and its customers may delay payment under, or fail to renew, their agreements with it, and any resulting reduction in the amounts of revenue that Science 37 derives from these customers could adversely affect Science 37 s business, results of operations, or financial condition. A significant change in the liquidity or financial position of Science 37 s customers could also have a material adverse effect on the collectability of its accounts receivable, its liquidity, and its future operating results. 
 Additionally, conducting multiple clinical trials for different customers in a single therapeutic class involving drugs with the same or similar chemical method of action may in the future adversely affect Science 37 s business if some or all of the clinical trials are canceled because of new scientific information or regulatory judgments that affect the drugs as a class, or if industry consolidation results in the rationalization of drug development pipelines. 
 Similarly, some or all of the clinical trials could be canceled as a result of successful development of other competing drugs; for example, further clinical development of vaccines to treat COVID-19 or another future pandemic disease could be slowed or canceled if the outbreak of such pandemic is deemed to have been adequately brought under control, such that further clinical development of vaccines is no longer necessary or desirable. 
 Science 37 has incurred impairment charges for its long-lived assets and may incur further impairment charges, which would negatively impact its operating results . 
 In connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we performed a long-lived asset impairment assessment due to sustained declines in the Company s stock price during the period, and to a lesser extent the deteriorating market conditions and macroeconomic conditions, such as increasing inflationary pressures and rising interest rates. As a result of the assessment, we recognized 44.1 million of long-lived asset impairment as of December 31, 2022. 
 We review long-lived assets for impairment if indicators of impairment arise, and should market conditions or macroeconomic conditions stay the same or continue to deteriorate, including further increases in inflationary pressures and interest rates, or a decline in our results of operations, the result of such review may indicate a decline in our long-lived assets requiring additional impairment charges. In the event we are required to record an additional non-cash impairment charge to our long-lived assets, such non-cash charge could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statements of operations and balance sheets in the reporting period in which we record the charge. 
 20 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Litigation and other legal proceedings against Science 37, which may arise in the ordinary course of Science 37 s business, could be costly and time consuming to defend. 
 Science 37 is from time to time subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, such as claims brought by its customers in connection with commercial disputes and employment claims made by its current or former employees. From time to time, third parties have asserted and may in the future assert intellectual property rights to technologies that are important to Science 37 s business and have demanded and may in the future demand that we license their technology. Litigation may result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources, which may seriously harm Science 37 s business, overall financial condition and operating results. 
 Risks Related to the General Economic and Financial Market Conditions and the Industries in which Science 37 Operates 
 Science 37 s operations might be affected by the occurrence of natural disasters, pandemics, or other catastrophic events. 
 Science 37 depends on its customers, investigators and patients for the continued operation of its business. Natural disasters or other extreme weather events, the nature, frequency and severity of which may be negatively impacted by climate change, or other catastrophic events, including terrorist attacks, hurricanes, fires, floods, ice and snowstorms, and pandemics may result in interruptions in Science 37 s ability to provide services to its customers. Disruptions in infrastructure, laboratory, clinic or office closures, mandatory stay at home orders or other social distancing measures and disruptions caused by such events could adversely affect Science 37 or its customers, investigators, patients or infrastructure, and could have a significant negative impact on its operations or financial performance. In addition, Science 37 s business interruption insurance policies might not respond or be adequate to compensate Science 37 for all losses that may occur, and recurring extreme weather events or other adverse events could reduce the availability or increase the cost of insurance. 
 Science 37 s business could also be adversely affected by positive developments regarding, or the resolution of, the COVID-19 pandemic or another future pandemic. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic and logistical technology developments, the FDA, EMA and other foreign regulatory authorities have issued guidance documents recommending sponsors implement DCT techniques in order to maintain study continuity during the COVID-19 pandemic, and supporting DCT techniques as potential, long-term solutions for study design and evidence generation. If the FDA and/or EMA or other foreign regulatory authorities withdraw such guidance documents supporting the use of DCT techniques or otherwise restrict the use of DCT techniques in clinical trials, the level of decentralized trial activity could decrease. If the level of 
 DCT activity decreases, Science 37 s business and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Unfavorable general economic conditions could negatively affect Science 37 s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions and other adverse macroeconomic factors, such as ongoing inflation and labor and supply chain disruptions, increasing interest rates, the impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and a potential economic downturn or recession, on global and domestic markets could negatively affect Science 37 s business, results of operations and financial condition. While it is difficult for Science 37 to predict the impact of general economic conditions on its business, unfavorable economic conditions could increase Science 37 s operating costs or reduce customer demand for some of its services, which could cause its revenue to decline. For example, Science 37 s customers, particularly those that are especially reliant on the credit and capital markets, might not be able to raise money to conduct existing clinical trials, or to fund new drug development and related future clinical trials. In addition, economic or market disruptions could negatively impact Science 37 s vendors, contractors, or principal investigators, which might have a negative effect on its business. For these reasons, among others, if economic conditions stagnate or decline, its operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Our business could be adversely impacted by inflation. 
 Inflation has risen worldwide and the United States has recently experienced historically high levels of inflation. If the inflation rate continues to increase, it may continue to increase the costs of labor and our employee compensation expenses, which may increase our operating costs and have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Our long-term contracts generally include inflation or cost of living adjustments for the portion of the services to be performed beyond one year from the contract date. In the event actual inflation rates are greater than our contractual 
 21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 inflation rates or cost of living adjustments, inflation could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Science 37 faces significant competition, which could cause Science 37 to lose business or achieve lower margins. 
 The market for Science 37 s clinical trial solutions is intensely competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technologies, evolving industry standards, and frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements that may render existing products and services obsolete. Accordingly, Science 37 s market share and margins are subject to sudden declines. Some of Science 37 s competitors have longer operating histories, greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, and greater name recognition than Science 37 has. These competitors may respond more quickly than Science 37 can to new and emerging technologies and changing customer and regulatory requirements, or devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their solutions. New competitors may enter Science 37 s market in the future, as barriers to entry are relatively low in its industry. Increased competition may result in pricing pressures, which could negatively impact Science 37 s sales, gross margins, or market share. In addition, current and potential competitors have established, and may in the future establish, relationships with vendors of complementary products, technologies, or services to increase the penetration of their products in the marketplace. Even if Science 37 s products and services are more effective than the products or service offerings of its competitors, they may be more expensive than competing products and services, and current or potential customers might accept competitive products and services in lieu of purchasing Science 37 s cloud-based solutions and services. Science 37 s failure to compete effectively could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Science 37 depends entirely on the clinical trial market, and a downturn in this market could cause its revenues to decrease. 
 Science 37 s business depends entirely on the clinical trials conducted or sponsored by pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies, CROs, and other entities. Science 37 s revenues may decline as a result of conditions affecting these industries, including general economic downturns, increased consolidation, decreased competition, or fewer products under development. Other developments that may affect these industries and harm Science 37 s operating results include, but are not limited to, product liability claims, changes in government regulation, changes in governmental price controls or third-party reimbursement practices, and changes in medical practices. Disruptions in the world credit and equity markets may also result in a global downturn in spending on research and development and clinical trials and may impact Science 37 s customers access to capital and their ability to pay for Science 37 s solutions. Any decrease in research and development expenditures or in the size, scope, or frequency of clinical trials could materially adversely affect Science 37 s business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 Consolidation among Science 37 s customers may cause Science 37 to lose customers, decrease the market for its products and services and result in a reduction of its revenues. 
 Science 37 s customer base may decline because of industry consolidation, and Science 37 may not be able to expand sales of its products and services to new customers. Consolidation within the biopharmaceutical industry, including among CROs, has accelerated in recent years, and this trend may continue. In addition, new companies or organizations that result from such consolidation may decide that Science 37 s products and services are no longer needed because of their own internal processes or the use of alternative systems they have in place or may choose to develop or acquire. As these entities consolidate, competition to provide products and services to industry participants will become more intense and the importance of establishing relationships with large industry participants will become greater. These industry participants may try to use their market power to negotiate price reductions for Science 37 s products and services. In addition, if large life sciences companies merge, it would have the potential to reduce per-unit pricing for Science 37 s products and services for the merged companies or to reduce demand for one or more of its products and services as a result of potential personnel reductions over time. 
 Outsourcing trends in the biopharmaceutical industry and changes in spending and research and development budgets could adversely affect Science 37 s operating results and growth rates. 
 Science 37 is dependent upon the ability and willingness of biopharmaceutical companies to continue to spend on research and development and to outsource the services that Science 37 provides. Science 37 is therefore subject to risks, uncertainties and trends that affect companies in the biopharmaceutical industry that Science 37 does not control. Science 37 has benefited to date from the tendency of biopharmaceutical companies to outsource clinical research projects. Any downturn in these industries or reduction in spending or outsourcing could materially adversely affect Science 37 s business. 
 22 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Science 37 s estimate of the market size for its products and services may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market size is accurate, there can be no assurance that its business will serve a significant portion of the market. 
 Science 37 s estimate of the market size for its products and services that Science 37 has provided publicly, sometimes referred to as its SAM, is subject to significant uncertainty and is based on assumptions and estimates, including Science 37 s internal analysis and industry experience, which may not prove to be accurate. These estimates are, in part, based upon the size of the general application areas Science 37 targets. Science 37 s ability to serve a significant portion of this estimated market is subject to many factors, including its success in implementing its business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. For example, in order to address the entire SAM Science 37 has identified, Science 37 must continue to enhance and add functionality to its existing products and services and introduce new products and services. Accordingly, even if Science 37 s estimate of the market size is accurate, there can be no assurance that its business will serve a significant portion of this estimated market for its solutions. 
 Climate change may have a negative impact on our business. 
 While we have determined that, at this time, climate change does not present a material risk to our business given the nature of our activities, we continue to evaluate and mitigate our business risks associated with climate change, and we recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Any of our office or IT systems locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change, such as sea level rise, drought and water scarcity, flooding, wildfires and increased storm sensitivity. Furthermore, climate change may impact patients in our clinical trials and our employees, particularly where they work remotely. Changing market dynamics, global policy developments, and the increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of our third-party suppliers, and the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. 
 In addition, the long-term impacts of climate change, including transition risks such as regulatory and technology changes, are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. For example, while a number of governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating legislative or regulatory changes in response to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions, there continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. Any changes could, among other things, affect the availability and cost of our products and services and could disrupt and adversely affect our operations and financial performance. 
 Risks Related to Technology, Intellectual Property and Data Privacy and Security 
 Science 37 s business depends on the continued effectiveness and availability of its information systems, including the information systems Science 37 uses to provide its services to its customers, and failures of these systems may materially limit its operations. 
 Due to the global nature of Science 37 s business and its reliance on information systems to provide its services, Science 37 has increased, and intends to continue to increase, its use of integrated information systems in delivering its services. Science 37 also provides access to similar information systems to certain of its customers in connection with the services Science 37 provides them. As the breadth and complexity of Science 37 s information systems continue to grow, it will increasingly be exposed to the risks inherent in the development, integration and ongoing operation of evolving information systems, including: 
 disruption, impairment, or failure of data centers, telecommunications facilities, or other key infrastructure platforms; 
 security breaches of, ransomware extortion-based attacks or other cyberattacks on, and other failures or malfunctions in Science 37 s critical application systems or their associated hardware; and 
 excessive costs, excessive delays, or other deficiencies in systems development and deployment. 
 The materialization of any of these risks may impede the processing of data, the delivery of databases and services, and the day-to-day management of Science 37 s business and could result in the corruption, loss, or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary, confidential, or other data. Damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, information system security breaches, and similar events at Science 37 s various computer facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of data to its servers and from its servers to its customers. Corruption or loss of data may result in the need to repeat a trial at no cost to the customer, but at significant cost to Science 37, or result in the termination of a contract or damage to its reputation. Additionally, significant delays in system enhancements or inadequate performance of new or upgraded systems once completed could damage Science 37 s reputation and harm its 
 23 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 business. Finally, long-term disruptions in the infrastructure caused by events such as natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities and acts of terrorism, particularly involving cities in which Science 37 has offices, could adversely affect its business. 
 A failure or breach of Science 37 s or its vendors IT systems or technology could result in sensitive customer information being compromised or otherwise significantly disrupt its business operations, which would negatively materially affect its reputation and/or results of operations. 
 Science 37 increasingly relies on information technology systems to perform necessary business functions. There are threats that could impact Science 37 s ability to protect its data and systems, including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, employee malfeasance, and human or technological error. Computer hackers and others routinely attempt to breach the security of technology products, services and systems, and to fraudulently induce employees, customers or others to disclose information or unwittingly provide access to systems or data. Science 37 collects, uses, stores or transmits a large amount of confidential, proprietary and other information (including personal information of customers, medical professionals, patients and employees) in connection with the operation of its business as well as sensitive proprietary data related to clinical trials. Unauthorized disclosure of such sensitive or confidential data, whether through system failure or employee negligence, fraud, or misappropriation, could damage Science 37 s reputation and cause it to lose customers. Moreover, the risk of unauthorized circumvention of Science 37 s security measures or those of the third parties on whom it relies has been heightened by advances in computer and software capabilities and the increasing sophistication of hackers who employ complex techniques, including, without limitation, phishing or social engineering incidents, ransomware, extortion-based attacks, account takeover attacks, denial or degradation of service attacks, and malware. Unauthorized access to or through Science 37 s information systems or those Science 37 develops for its customers, whether by its employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers and hackers who may develop and deploy viruses, worms, or other malicious software programs, could cause several negative consequences, including the following, among others: negative publicity, loss of customer confidence, loss of data or funds, significant remediation costs, time-consuming and costly regulatory investigations, legal liability, and damage to Science 37 s reputation. Any of these could contribute to a loss of customers or substantial costs for Science 37, which could have a material adverse effect on Science 37 s results of operations. Additionally, the costs of mitigating cybersecurity risks are significant and are likely to increase in the future. These costs include, but are not limited to, retaining the services of cybersecurity providers; compliance costs arising out of existing and future cybersecurity, data protection and privacy and security laws and regulations; and costs related to maintaining redundant networks, data backups and other damage-mitigation measures. In addition, Science 37 s cyber liability insurance might not be sufficient in type or amount to adequately cover Science 37 against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches, in addition to the risk that the insurer will deny coverage of any future claim. 
 Due to the evolving nature of security threats and the potential negative consequences of a cybersecurity attack outlined above, the impact of any future incidents cannot be reasonably predicted. Science 37 s customers are also increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in its products, and Science 37 may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. In addition, Science 37 s efforts to address a cybersecurity attack may not be successful, potentially resulting in the theft, loss, destruction or corruption of information Science 37 stores electronically, as well as unexpected interruptions, delays, or cessation of service. Any of these outcomes could cause serious harm to Science 37 s business operations and materially adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, some of Science 37 s vendors have significant responsibility for the security of certain of its data centers and computer-based platforms or SaaS applications upon which Science 37 s businesses rely to host or process data or to perform various functions. Also, Science 37 s data suppliers have responsibility for security of their own computer and communications environments. These third parties face risks relating to cybersecurity similar to Science 37 s, which could disrupt their businesses and therefore materially impact Science 37 s. Accordingly, Science 37 is subject to any flaw in or breaches to its computer and communications systems or those that its vendors operate for Science 37, which could result in a material adverse effect on its business, operations and financial results. 
 Science 37 s products and services are subject to rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards. If Science 37 does not keep pace with rapid technological changes, its products and services may become less competitive or obsolete, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The biopharmaceutical industry generally, including the market for Science 37 s clinical trial products and services, is characterized by evolving industry standards and frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements. Science 37 s current competitors or other businesses might develop technologies or services that are more effective or commercially attractive than, or render obsolete, Science 37 s current or future technologies and services. If Science 37 s 
 24 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 competitors introduce superior technologies or services and if Science 37 cannot make enhancements to remain competitive, its competitive position would be harmed. If Science 37 is unable to compete successfully, it may lose customers or be unable to attract new customers, which could lead to a decrease in its revenue and financial condition. 
 Science 37 s proprietary software may not operate properly, which could damage its reputation, give rise to claims against Science 37 or divert application of its resources from other purposes, any of which could harm Science 37 s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Proprietary software development is time-consuming, expensive and complex, and may involve unforeseen difficulties. Science 37 encounters technical obstacles from time to time, and it is possible that Science 37 may discover additional problems that prevent its proprietary applications from operating properly. If Science 37 s solution does not function reliably or fails to achieve customer expectations in terms of performance, customers could assert liability claims against Science 37 or attempt to cancel their contracts with Science 37. This could damage Science 37 s reputation and impair its ability to attract or maintain customers. Moreover, data services are complex and those Science 37 offers have in the past contained, and may in the future develop or contain, undetected defects or errors. Material performance problems, defects or errors in Science 37 s existing or new software-based products and services may arise in the future and may result from interface of Science 37 s solution with systems and data that it did not develop and the function of which is outside of its control or undetected in its testing. These defects and errors, and any failure by Science 37 to identify and address them, could result in loss of revenue or market share, diversion of development resources, harm to Science 37 s reputation and increased service and maintenance costs. 
 Science 37 has only a limited ability to protect its intellectual property rights, both domestically and internationally, and these rights are important to its success. 
 Science 37 s success depends, in part, upon its ability to develop, use and protect its proprietary methodologies, analytics, systems, technologies and other intellectual property. Science 37 relies upon a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality policies, nondisclosure, invention assignment and other contractual arrangements, and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws, to protect its intellectual property rights. These laws are subject to change at any time and certain agreements may not be fully enforceable, which could further restrict Science 37 s ability to protect its innovations. Further, these laws may not provide adequate protection for Science 37 s intellectual property, particularly in countries in which the legal system provides less protection for intellectual property rights. For example, the laws of some foreign countries, especially certain developing countries with emerging economies in Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America, do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Science 37 s intellectual property rights may not prevent competitors from independently developing services similar to, or duplicative of, Science 37 s. For instance, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of Science 37 s products that it considers proprietary or its proprietary information may otherwise become known or may be independently developed by its competitors or other third parties. Further, the steps Science 37 takes in this regard might not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of its intellectual property by competitors, former employees or other third parties, and Science 37 might not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce, its intellectual property rights. Enforcing Science 37 s rights might also require considerable time, money and oversight, and Science 37 may not be successful in enforcing its rights. It may not be possible to enforce intellectual property rights in some countries at all or to the same extent as in the United States and other countries, and many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. 
 Depending on the circumstances, Science 37 might need to grant a specific customer greater rights in intellectual property developed in connection with a contract than it otherwise generally would. In certain situations, Science 37 might forgo all rights to the use of intellectual property it creates, which would limit its ability to reuse that intellectual property for other customers. Any limitation on Science 37 s ability to provide a service or solution could cause Science 37 to lose revenue generating opportunities and require Science 37 to incur additional expenses to develop or license new or modified solutions for future projects. 
 Science 37 may be subject to claims that it or its technologies infringe upon the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of a third party. Any such claim may require Science 37 to incur significant costs, to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, or to develop or license substitute technology. 
 Third parties may assert claims that Science 37 s technologies infringe upon their intellectual property or other proprietary rights. Science 37 cannot assure you that its cloud-based solutions and the technologies used in its product offerings do not infringe upon patents held by others or that they will not so infringe in the future. Any future claim of infringement could cause Science 37 to incur substantial costs defending against the claim, even if the claim is without 
 25 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 merit, and could distract its management from its business. Moreover, any settlement or adverse judgment resulting from the claim could require Science 37 to pay substantial amounts or obtain a license to continue to use the technology that is the subject of the claim, or otherwise restrict or prohibit Science 37 s use of the technology. Any required licenses may not be available to Science 37 on acceptable terms, if at all. If Science 37 does not obtain any required licenses, it could encounter delays in product introductions if it attempts to design around the technology at issue or attempts to find another provider of suitable alternative technology to permit Science 37 to continue offering the applicable solution. In addition, Science 37 generally provides in its customer agreements that Science 37 will indemnify its customers against third-party infringement claims relating to its technology provided to the customer, which could obligate Science 37 to fund significant amounts. Infringement claims asserted against Science 37 or against its customers or other third parties that Science 37 is required or has otherwise agreed to indemnify may have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Confidentiality arrangements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 
 Science 37 has devoted substantial resources to the development of its technology, business operations and business plans. In order to protect Science 37 s trade secrets and proprietary information, Science 37 relies in significant part on confidentiality arrangements with its employees, licensees, independent contractors, advisors, reseller partners and customers. These arrangements may not be effective to prevent disclosure of confidential information, including trade secrets, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, if others independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information, Science 37 would not be able to assert trade secret rights against such parties. Effective trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which Science 37 s products are available or where Science 37 has employees or independent contractors. The loss of trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with Science 37 s products by copying functionality. In addition, any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, the trade secret and employment laws in any country in which Science 37 operates may compromise its ability to enforce its trade secret and intellectual property rights. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of Science 37 s proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect its competitive business position. 
 Science 37 may enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships with third parties that may not result in the development of commercially viable solutions or the generation of significant future revenues. 
 In the ordinary course of Science 37 s business, Science 37 may enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, partnerships or other arrangements to develop products and to pursue new markets. Proposing, negotiating and implementing collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships may be a lengthy and complex process. Other companies, including those with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, technology or other business resources, may compete with Science 37 for these opportunities or arrangements. Science 37 may not identify, secure, or complete any such transactions or arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, on acceptable terms or at all. Science 37 has limited institutional knowledge and experience with respect to these business development activities, and Science 37 may also not realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction or arrangement. In particular, these collaborations may not result in the development of products that achieve commercial success or result in significant revenues and could be terminated prior to developing any products. Additionally, Science 37 may not own, or may jointly own with a third party, the intellectual property rights in products and other works developed under its collaborations, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships. 
 Additionally, Science 37 may not be in a position to exercise sole decision making authority regarding the transaction or arrangement, which could create the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, and its future collaborators may have economic or business interests or goals that are, or that may become, inconsistent with Science 37 s business interests or goals. It is possible that conflicts may arise with Science 37 s collaborators, such as conflicts concerning the achievement of performance milestones, or the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement, such as those related to financial obligations or the ownership or control of intellectual property developed during the collaboration. If any conflicts arise with any future collaborators, they may act in their self-interest, which may be adverse to Science 37 s best interest, and they may breach their obligations to Science 37. In addition, Science 37 may have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that any future collaborators devote to Science 37 s or their future products. Disputes between Science 37 and its collaborators may result in litigation or arbitration which would increase Science 37 s expenses and divert the attention of its management. Further, these transactions and arrangements will be contractual in nature and will generally be terminable under the terms of the applicable agreements and, in such event, Science 37 may not continue to have rights to the products relating to such transaction or arrangement or may need to purchase such rights at a premium. 
 26 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Risks Related to Science 37 s Reliance on Third Parties 
 Science 37 relies on third parties for important products, services and licenses to certain technology and intellectual property rights, and there might be problems with such products or services or it might not be able to continue to obtain such products, services and licenses. 
 Science 37 depends on certain third parties to provide it with products and services critical to its business. Such third parties include, among others, suppliers of drugs for patients participating in trials; the nurses, investigators and coordinators involved in executing clinical trials; and common carriers to ship drugs and other products. The failure of even one of these third parties to adequately provide the required products or services, or to do so in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, could have a material adverse effect on Science 37 s business. For example, a distributor could ship the wrong drug product to a patient, a common carrier could fail to properly adhere to the specific handling requirements of the drug product during shipping, or a mobile nurse could improperly administer the drug product to a patient. Any of these or other potential failures could result in patient harm or death, which could give rise to legal claims against Science 37, damage its reputation, or otherwise adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Science 37 also relies on third-party platforms or marketplaces, including the Apple App Store and Google Play App Store, which serve as online distribution platforms for Science 37 s mobile application. As a result, the expansion and prospects of Science 37 s business and its mobile application depend on its continued relationships with these providers and any other emerging platform providers that are widely adopted by consumers. Science 37 is subject to the standard terms and conditions that these providers have for application developers, which govern the content, promotion, distribution and operation of mobile applications on their platforms or marketplaces, and which the providers can change unilaterally on short or no notice. Thus, Science 37 s business could suffer materially if platform providers change their standard terms and conditions, interpretations or other policies and practices in a way that is detrimental to Science 37 or if platform providers determine that Science 37 is in violation of its standard terms and conditions and prohibit it from distributing Science 37 s apps on their platforms. 
 In addition, Science 37 s business would be harmed if the providers discontinue or limit Science 37 s access to their platforms or marketplaces; the platforms or marketplaces decline in popularity; the platforms modify their algorithms, communication channels available to developers, respective terms of service or other policies, including fees; or the providers adopt changes or updates to their technology that impede integration with other software systems or otherwise require Science 37 to modify its technology or update its mobile application in order to ensure that users can continue to access and use its services. 
 If alternative providers increase in popularity, Science 37 could be adversely impacted if it fails to create compatible versions of its mobile application in a timely manner, or if it fails to establish a relationship with such alternative providers. Likewise, if Science 37 s current providers alter their operating platforms, Science 37 could be adversely impacted as its offerings may not be compatible with the altered platforms or may require significant and costly modifications in order to become compatible. If Science 37 s providers do not perform their obligations in accordance with its platform agreements, Science 37 could be adversely impacted. In the past, some of these platforms or marketplaces have been unavailable for short periods of time. If this or a similar event were to occur on a short- or long-term basis, or if these platforms or marketplaces otherwise experience issues that impact the ability of consumers to download or access Science 37 s mobile application and other information, it could have a material adverse effect on Science 37 s brand and reputation, as well as its business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Some of Science 37 s services rely on intellectual property, technology and other similar property owned and/or controlled by third parties. Science 37 s licenses to this property and technology could terminate or expire and Science 37 might not be able to replace these licenses in a timely manner. Also, Science 37 might not be able to renew these licenses on similar terms and conditions. Failure to renew these licenses, or renewals of these licenses on less advantageous terms, could have a material adverse effect on Science 37 s business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. 
 Science 37 relies on third parties to provide certain data and other information to Science 37. Science 37 s suppliers or providers might increase its cost to obtain, restrict its use of, or refuse to license data, which could lead to its inability to access certain data or provide certain services and, as a result, materially and adversely affect its operating results and financial condition. 
 Science 37 s services are derived from, or include, the use of data Science 37 collects from third parties. Science 37 has several data suppliers that provide Science 37 a broad and diverse scope of information that Science 37 collects and uses in its business. Science 37 generally enters into long-term contractual arrangements with many of its data suppliers. At 
 27 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 the time Science 37 enters into a new data supply contract or renew an existing contract, suppliers may increase its cost to obtain and use the data provided by such supplier, increase restrictions on its ability to use such data, or altogether refuse to license the data to Science 37. Also, Science 37 s data suppliers may fail to meet or adhere to Science 37 s quality control standards or fail to deliver the data to Science 37. If suppliers that collectively provide a significant amount of the data Science 37 receives or uses were to increase its costs to obtain or use such data, further restrict its access to or use of such data, fail to meet or adhere to its quality control standards, refuse to provide data, or fails to deliver data to Science 37, Science 37 s ability to provide data-dependent services to Science 37 s customers may be adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. 
 Science 37 s products and services utilize open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could adversely affect its business. 
 Science 37 s products and services utilize software covered by open source licenses. Open source software is typically freely accessible, usable and modifiable, and is used by Science 37 s development team in an effort to reduce development costs and speed up the development process. Certain open source software licenses require a user who intends to distribute the open source software as a component of the user s software to disclose publicly part or all of the source code to the user s software. In addition, certain open source software licenses require the user of such software to make any derivative works of the open source code available to others on unfavorable terms or at no cost. This can subject previously proprietary software to open source license terms. While Science 37 monitors the use of all open source software in Science 37 s products, processes and technology and tries to ensure that no open source software is used in such a way as to require Science 37 to disclose or make available the source code to the related product or solution, such use could inadvertently occur. This could harm Science 37 s intellectual property position and have a material adverse effect on its business. 
 Risks Related to Political, Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 Due to the global nature of Science 37 s business, Science 37 is subject to various anti-corruption laws, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), the United Kingdom Bribery Act (the UK Bribery Act and various international anti-corruption laws, and any allegation or determination that Science 37 violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on its business. 
 Science 37 is required to comply with the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act and other international anti-corruption laws, which prohibit companies from engaging in bribery including corruptly offering, promising, or providing money or anything else of value to non-United States officials and certain other recipients. In addition, the FCPA imposes certain books, records, and accounting control obligations on public companies and other issuers. Science 37 operates in parts of the world in which corruption can be common and compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Science 37 s global operations face the risk of unauthorized payments or offers being made by employees, consultants, sales agents, and other business partners outside of Science 37 s control or without its authorization. Science 37 has implemented policies and procedures to prohibit these practices by its employees and business partners with respect to its operations. However, irrespective of these safeguards, or as a result of monitoring compliance with such safeguards, it is possible that Science 37 or certain other parties may discover or receive information at some point that certain employees, consultants, sales agents, or other business partners may have engaged in corrupt conduct for which Science 37 might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act or other international anti-corruption laws may result in restatements of, or irregularities in, Science 37 s financial statements as well as severe criminal or civil fines, penalties and other sanctions, and collateral litigation, and Science 37 may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect its business, operating results and financial condition. In some cases, companies that violate the FCPA may be debarred by the United States government and/or lose their United States export privileges. Changes in anti-corruption laws or enforcement priorities could also result in increased compliance requirements and related costs which could adversely affect Science 37 s business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the United States or other governments may seek to hold Science 37 liable for successor liability FCPA violations or violations of other anti-corruption laws committed by companies in which Science 37 invests or that Science 37 acquired or will acquire. 
 Science 37 s employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on its business. 
 Science 37 is exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with governmental regulations, comply with federal and state health-care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to Science 37. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and 
 28 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical studies or data or documentation fraud or manipulation, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to Science 37 s reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and such misconduct may result in losses or in governmental investigations or other actions stemming from a failure to be in compliance with laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against Science 37, those actions could have a significant adverse impact on Science 37 s business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 If Science 37 fails to comply with certain healthcare laws, including fraud and abuse laws, Science 37 could face substantial penalties and its business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Even though Science 37 does not order healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payers, certain federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse are and will be applicable to Science 37 s business. Science 37 could be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse laws of both the federal government and the states and in foreign countries in which Science 37 conducts its business, as well as laws against the corporate practice of medicine. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of available statutory and regulatory exceptions, it is possible that some of Science 37 s business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If Science 37 or its operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to Science 37, Science 37 may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, and the curtailment or restructuring of Science 37 s operations, any of which could materially adversely affect its ability to operate its business and its financial results. 
 Extensive governmental regulation of the clinical trial process and Science 37 s products and services could require significant compliance costs and have a material adverse effect on the demand for its solutions. 
 The clinical trial process is subject to extensive and strict regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities worldwide. Science 37 s products and services are complex and subject to contractual requirements, regulatory standards, and ethical considerations. For example, Science 37 must adhere to applicable regulatory requirements such as those required by the FDA and EMA, including those laws and regulations governing the development and testing of biopharmaceutical products, and GCP requirements, which govern, among other things, the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analysis, and reporting of clinical trials. Once initiated, clinical trials must be conducted pursuant to and in accordance with the applicable investigational new drug application or clinical trial application, the requirements of the relevant institutional review boards, and GCP regulations. If Science 37 fails to conduct or market its products or services in accordance with these requirements, regulatory agencies may take action against Science 37 or its customers. Such actions may include sanctions such as injunctions or failure of such regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of products, imposition of clinical holds or delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, rejection of data collected in clinical studies, license revocation, product seizures or recalls, operational restrictions, civil or criminal penalties or prosecutions, damages, or fines. Additionally, there is a risk that actions by regulatory authorities, if they result in significant inspectional observations or other measures, could harm Science 37 s reputation and cause customers not to award future contracts or to cancel existing contracts. Customers may also bring claims against Science 37 for breach of its contractual obligations, and patients in the clinical trials and patients taking drugs approved on the basis of those trials may bring personal injury claims against Science 37. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or reputation. 
 The demand for Science 37 s products and services is largely a function of such government regulation, which is subject to change at any time. Changes in the level of regulation, including a relaxation in regulatory requirements or the introduction of simplified drug approval procedures, could have a material adverse effect on the demand for Science 37 s products or services. Proposals to place caps on drug prices could limit the profitability of existing or planned drug development programs, making investment in new drugs and therapies less attractive to pharmaceutical companies. Similarly, the requirements in the United States, the European Union, the Asia Pacific region, and elsewhere to create a detailed registry of all clinical trials could have an impact on customers willingness to perform certain clinical studies. Additionally, if we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or 
 policies governing clinical trials, our business may be impacted. 
 29 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws, regulations, and industry standards could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. 
 As part of our normal business activities, we collect, use, process, store and transmit personal information with respect to our customers, medical professionals, patients and employees, as well as health information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data). 
 As such, we are subject to various federal, state, local, and international laws, rules, and regulations, as well as contractual obligations, industry standards, codes of conduct, and regulatory guidance, relating to the collection, receipt, use, maintenance, storage, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of confidential, sensitive, and personal information. In addition, existing laws and regulations are constantly evolving, and new laws and regulations that apply to our business are being introduced at every level of government in the United States, as well as internationally. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any federal or state privacy or security laws, regulations, industry self-regulatory principles, or codes of conduct, regulatory guidance, orders to which we may be subject, or other legal obligations relating to data privacy or security could adversely affect our reputation, brand and business, and may result in claims, liabilities, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, customers or others. Any such claims, proceedings or actions could hurt our reputation, brand and business, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of such proceedings or actions, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, result in a loss of customers and result in the imposition of monetary penalties. 
 In the United States, there are numerous federal and state privacy and data security laws and regulations governing the collection, use, disclosure and protection of such information, including federal and state health information privacy laws, federal and state security breach notification laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws. In addition, Science 37 may obtain health information from third parties (including research institutions from which it obtains clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA, as amended by HITECH and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 In the EEA, Science 37 is subject to the GDPR which imposes a number of obligations on companies, including, inter alia : (i) accountability and transparency requirements, and enhanced requirements for obtaining valid consent; (ii) obligations to consider data protection as new products or services are developed and to limit the amount of personal data processed; and (iii) obligations to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard personal data and to report certain personal data breaches to the supervisory authority without undue delay (and no later than 72 hours where feasible). In addition, the GDPR prohibits the transfer of personal data from the EEA to the United States and other jurisdictions that the European Commission does not recognize as having adequate data protection laws unless a data transfer mechanism has been put in place, such as the use of standard contractual clauses SCCs and other requirements. These include a requirement for companies to carry out a transfer privacy impact assessment which, among other things, assesses the laws governing access to personal data in the recipient country and considers whether supplementary measures that provide privacy protections additional to those provided under SCCs will need to be implemented to ensure an essentially equivalent level of data protection to that afforded in the EEA. The GDPR imposes substantial fines for breaches and violations (up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of consolidated annual worldwide gross revenue), and confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. Relatedly, the UK GDPR sits alongside the UK Data Protection Act 2018 which implements certain derogations in the GDPR into UK law. Under the UK GDPR, companies not established in the UK but who process personal data in relation to the offering of goods or services to individuals in the UK, or to monitor their behavior, will be subject to the UK GDPR and as such, may lead to similar compliance and operational costs with potential fines of up to the greater of 17.5 million or 4 of global turnover. 
 Compliance with these and any other applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations is a rigorous and time-intensive process, and Science 37 may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with any new data protection rules. Furthermore, the laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly. In addition, states are constantly proposing new laws, adopting new laws or amending existing laws, requiring attention to frequently changing regulatory requirements. In addition, as new laws are passed, such laws may have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. 
 Any actual or perceived failure by Science 37 to comply with applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations could result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease/change Science 37 s processing of its data, enforcement notices, and/or assessment notices (for a compulsory audit). Science 37 may also face civil claims including representative actions and other class action-type litigation (where individuals have suffered harm), potentially amounting 
 30 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 to significant compensation or damage liabilities, as well as associated costs, diversion of internal resources, and reputational harm. 
 Science 37 may face political, legal and compliance, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks associated with the international expansion of its operations that Science 37 does not currently face or that are more significant than in its domestic operations. 
 As Science 37 expands its operations into new international geographic areas, Science 37 may be subject to political, legal and compliance, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks that it does not face or that are more significant than in Science 37 s domestic operations. These risks may vary widely by country and include varying regional and geopolitical business conditions and demands, government intervention and censorship, discriminatory regulation, nationalization or expropriation of assets and pricing constraints. Science 37 s future international services and products may need to meet country-specific user preferences as well as country-specific legal requirements, including those related to healthcare regulatory laws governing telemedicine, licensing, privacy, security, data storage, location, protection and security. The interpretation of these laws is evolving and varies significantly from country to county and are enforced by governmental, judicial and regulatory authorities with broad discretion. Science 37 cannot be certain that its interpretation of such laws and regulations will be correct in how Science 37 plans to structure its international operations, as well as its international services agreements and customer arrangements. 
 Science 37 s international operations may require it to overcome logistical and other challenges based on differing languages, cultures, legal and regulatory schemes and time zones. Science 37 s international operations may encounter labor laws, customs and employee relationships that can be difficult, less flexible than in its domestic operations and expensive to modify or terminate. In some countries Science 37 may be required to, or choose to, operate with local business partners, which will require Science 37 to manage its partner relationships and may reduce its operational flexibility and ability to quickly respond to business challenges. 
 Science 37 s international operations may be subject to particular risks in addition to those faced by its domestic operations, including: 
 the need to localize and adapt its solution for specific countries, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; 
 potential loss of proprietary information due to misappropriation or laws that may be less protective of its intellectual property rights than U.S. laws or that may not be adequately enforced; 
 requirements of foreign laws and other governmental controls, including cross-border compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, healthcare, tax, privacy, security, and data protection laws and regulations; 
 requirements of foreign laws and other governmental controls applicable to its ability to conduct telehealth internationally, specifically laws governing remote care and the practice of medicine in such locations; 
 data privacy and security laws that require that customer data be stored and processed in a designated territory; 
 new and different sources of competition and laws and business practices favoring local competitors; 
 local business and cultural factors that differ from its normal standards and practices, including business practices that Science 37 is prohibited from engaging in by the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws and regulations; 
 changes to export controls and economic sanctions laws and regulations; 
 central bank and other restrictions on its ability to repatriate cash from international subsidiaries; 
 tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, economic instability and inflationary conditions, which could make its solution more expensive or increase its costs of doing business in certain countries; 
 limitations on future growth or inability to maintain current levels of revenues from international sales if Science 37 does not invest sufficiently in its international operations; 
 different pricing environments, longer sales cycles and longer accounts receivable payment cycles and collections issues; 
 31 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 difficulties in staffing, managing and operating its international operations, including difficulties related to administering its stock plans in some foreign countries and increased financial accounting and reporting requirements and complexities; 
 difficulties in coordinating the activities of its geographically dispersed and culturally diverse operations; and 
 political unrest, war, terrorism or regional natural disasters, particularly in areas in which Science 37 has facilities. 
 Science 37 s overall success regarding its operations in international markets will depend, in part, on its ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks and there can be no assurance that Science 37 will be able to do so without incurring unexpected costs. If Science 37 is not able to manage the risks related to its international operations, Science 37 may not achieve the expected benefits of these operations and its business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. 
 Changes in U.S. tax laws, and the adoption of tax reform policies or changes in tax legislation or policies in jurisdictions outside of the United States, could adversely affect Science 37 s operating results and financial condition. 
 Science 37 is subject to federal and state income and non-income taxes in the United States. Tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice, due to economic, political, and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating these taxes. Science 37 s effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, such as entry into new businesses and geographies, changes to Science 37 s existing business and operations, acquisitions and investments and how they are financed, changes in its stock price, changes in its deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation, and changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles and interpretations. Science 37 is required to take positions regarding the interpretation of complex statutory and regulatory tax rules and on valuation matters that are subject to uncertainty, and tax authorities may challenge the positions that Science 37 takes. 
 Certain U.S. state and local tax authorities may assert that Science 37 has a nexus with such states or localities and may seek to impose state and local income taxes on its income allocated to such state and localities. 
 There is a risk that certain state tax authorities where Science 37 does not currently file a state income tax return could assert that Science 37 is liable for state and local income taxes based upon income or gross receipts allocable to such states or localities. States and localities are becoming increasingly aggressive in asserting nexus for state and local income tax purposes. Science 37 could be subject to additional state and local income taxation, including penalties and interest attributable to prior periods, if a state or local tax authority in a state or locality where Science 37 does not currently file an income tax return successfully asserts that Science 37 s activities give rise to nexus for state income tax purposes. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest may adversely affect Science 37 s cash tax liabilities, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that Science 37 should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use or similar taxes for its services which could adversely affect Science 37 s results of operations. 
 State taxing authorities may assert that Science 37 had economic nexus with their state and were required to collect sales and use or similar taxes with respect to past or future services that Science 37 has provided or will provide, which could result in tax assessments, penalties and interest. The assertion of such taxes against Science 37 for past services, or any requirement that Science 37 collect sales taxes on the provision of future services, could have a material adverse effect on its business, cash tax liabilities, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Science 37 s ability to use net operating losses NOLs to offset future income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Science 37 had NOLs to offset future taxable income of approximately 253.7 million, of which approximately 30.2 million will begin to expire in 2034, if not utilized. A lack of future taxable income would adversely affect Science 37 s ability to utilize these NOLs. In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset post-change taxable income. For these purposes, an ownership change generally occurs where the equity ownership of one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who owns at least 5 of a corporation s stock increases its ownership by more than 50 percentage points over its lowest ownership percentage within a three-year period (calculated on a rolling basis). Science 37 s existing NOLs may be subject to limitations arising out of previous ownership changes and Science 37 may be limited as to the amount that can be utilized each year as a result of such previous ownership changes. In addition, future changes in Science 37 s stock ownership, including future offerings, as well as other changes that may be outside of its 
 32 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 control, could result in additional ownership changes under Section 382 of the Code. Science 37 s NOLs may also be impaired under similar provisions of state law. Science 37 has not completed a formal study to determine if any ownership changes within the meaning of Sections 382 and 383 of the Code have occurred. If such ownership change has occurred, Science 37's ability to use its NOLs or tax credit carryforwards may be restricted, which could require Science 37 to pay federal or state income taxes earlier than would be required if such limitations were not in effect. Science 37 has recorded a full valuation allowance related to its NOLs and other deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future benefits of those assets. 
 In addition to the limitations discussed above under Section 382 of the Code, the utilization of NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, are subject to limitations adopted by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in 2017 (the TCJA ), as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act enacted in March 2020 (the CARES Act ). Under the TCJA, in general, NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 may offset no more than 80 of such year s taxable income and there is no ability for such NOLs to be carried back to a prior taxable year. The CARES Act modifies the TCJA with respect to the TCJA s limitation on the deduction of NOLs and provides that NOLs arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021, may be carried back to each of the five taxable years preceding the tax year of such loss, but NOLs arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 may not be carried back. In addition, the CARES Act eliminates the limitation on the deduction of NOLs to 80 of current year taxable income for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2021. As a result of such limitation, Science 37 may be required to pay federal income tax in some future year notwithstanding that it had a net loss for all years in the aggregate. 
 Science 37 s reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on Science 37 s reported results of operations and could affect the reporting of transactions already completed before the announcement of such change. 
 Risks Related to the Company s Common Stock 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq. 
 
 In order to maintain our listing on Nasdaq, we are required to comply with the Nasdaq requirements, which includes maintaining a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share. On December 27, 2022, we received a deficiency notification letter from the staff of Nasdaq stating that the closing bid price for our common stock must close at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during the 180 calendar day period ending June 26, 2023 or we might be delisted. As mentioned below, the price of our common stock can be volatile, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet the minimum 1.00 bid price requirement or the other Nasdaq continued listing requirements in the future, and we may be subject to delisting as a result. 
 
 If we fail to maintain the listing, and if Nasdaq or another national securities exchange does not list our common stock on its exchange, our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our common stock; 
 reduced liquidity for our common stock; 
 a determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common stock; 
 a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. If our common stock were not listed on the Nasdaq, such securities would not qualify as covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer securities because states are not preempted from regulating the sale of securities that are not covered securities. 
 33 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Science 37 incurs significant costs due to operating as a recently public company and its management is required to devote substantial time to complying with the regulatory requirements placed on public companies. 
 As a recently public company with substantial operations, Science 37 incurs significant legal, accounting and other expenses. The costs of preparing and filing annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders is time-consuming and costly. 
 It is also time-consuming, difficult and costly for Science 37 to develop, implement and maintain the internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). Certain members of Science 37 s management have limited or no experience operating a company whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange or with the rules and reporting practices required by the federal securities laws as applied to a publicly traded company. Science 37 may need to recruit, hire, train and retain additional financial reporting, internal control and other personnel in order to develop, implement and maintain appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. 
 Failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting may have an adverse effect on Science 37 s stock price. 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC, we are required to provide, among other things, an annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our future annual reports on Form 10-K that we file with the SEC and to report any material weakness in our internal controls. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC. If we cannot in the future favorably assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investor confidence in the reliability of our financial reports may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our common stock price. 
 Because the Company became a public reporting company by means other than a traditional underwritten initial public offering, the Company s stockholders may face additional risks and uncertainties. 
 Because the Company did not become a public reporting company by means of a traditional underwritten initial public offering, security or industry analysts may not provide, or be less likely to provide, coverage of the Company. Investment banks may also be less likely to agree to underwrite secondary offerings on behalf of the Company than they might if the Company became a public reporting company by means of a traditional underwritten initial public offering, because they may be less familiar with the Company as a result of more limited coverage by analysts and the media. The failure to receive research coverage or support in the market for the Company s common stock could have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to develop a liquid market for the Company s common stock. 
 The Sponsor, stockholders of Legacy Science 37 and the PIPE Investors beneficially own a significant equity interest in the Company and may take actions that conflict with the interests of the Company and its other stockholders. 
 The interests of LifeSci Holdings, LLC (the Sponsor ), stockholders of Legacy Science 37 and the PIPE Investors (defined below) may not align with the interests of the Company and its other stockholders. The Sponsor, certain stockholders of Legacy Science 37 and the PIPE Investors are each in the business of making investments in companies and may acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with the Company. As such, they may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to the Company s business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to the Company. 
 We may issue additional shares of common stock or other equity securities, in certain circumstances, without your approval, which issuances would dilute your ownership interests and may depress the market price of your shares. 
 We may issue additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank in the future in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions or repayment of indebtedness that may be outstanding at such time or under our 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the 2021 Plan ), the Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan and our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2021 ESPP ), without stockholder approval, in a number of circumstances. In addition, we may issue up to 12,500,000 shares of our common stock as Earn-Out Shares (defined below) that certain former holders of shares of Legacy Science 37 common stock (including shares received as a result of the conversion of Legacy Science 37 preferred stock) and former holders of options to purchase shares of Legacy Science 37 have the contingent right to receive following the Business Combination upon the achievement of certain stock price-based vesting conditions. 
 34 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Our issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank could have the following effects: 
 your proportionate ownership interest in us will decrease; 
 the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding share of our common stock may be diminished; or 
 the market price of shares of our common stock may decline. 
 The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been and could continue to be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. The trading price of our common stock could be subject to fluctuations or declines in response to numerous factors, including those described in this Risk Factors section, many of which will be beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock since you might be unable to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our common stock, which may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our common stock may not recover and may experience a further decline. 
 Factors affecting the trading price of our common stock may include: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to ours; 
 changes in the market s expectations about our operating results; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, competitors businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 
 the operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 
 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning Science 37 or the market in general; 
 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to ours; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; 
 the volume of our common stock available for public sale; 
 delisting from Nasdaq; 
 any major change in our board of directors or management; 
 sales of substantial amounts of our common stock by our directors, officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; 
 general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, trade wars, pandemics (such as COVID-19) and acts of war or terrorism; and 
 other risk factors listed under Risk Factors. 
 Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general and the Nasdaq have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our common stock, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. Broad market and industry factors, including general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions or interest rate changes, may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. A decline in 
 35 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 the market price of our common stock also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Volatility in the Company s share price could subject the Company to securities class action litigation. 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of particular companies securities, securities class action litigations have often been instituted against these companies. Litigation of this type, if instituted against the Company, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. Any adverse determination in any such litigation or any amounts paid to settle any such actual or threatened litigation could require that we make significant payments. 
 Since we have no current plans to pay regular cash dividends on the Company s common stock, stockholders may not receive any return on investment unless they sell their common stock for a price greater than that which they paid for it. 
 We do not currently anticipate paying any regular cash dividends on the Company s common stock. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. Therefore, any return on investment in our common stock is solely dependent upon the appreciation of the price of our common stock on the open market, which may not occur. 
 Future sales of shares of the Company s common stock may depress its stock price. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of the Company s common stock, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of the Company s common stock and could impair its ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 Delaware law and, the Company s Charter and Bylaws contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions, that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 The Company s Charter, Bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of the Company s common stock, and therefore depress the trading price of the Company s common stock. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of our Board or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. Among other things, the Company s Charter and Bylaws include provisions regarding: 
 a staggered Board whereby the directors are divided into three classes, with each class subject to retirement and re-election once every three years on a rotating basis; 
 the ability of the Board to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 the election of directors to be determined by a plurality of votes cast by the stockholders; 
 the limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of, the Company s directors and officers; 
 the Company s election to not be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL (relating to business combinations with interested stockholders); 
 the limitation on the stockholders ability to act by written consent; 
 the ability of the Board to amend the Bylaws, which may allow the Board to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the Bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; 
 advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to the Board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in the Board and also may discourage 
 36 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company; and 
 the ability to call special meetings of the stockholders which can be exercised only by a majority of the Board, the chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer or the president. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in the Board or management. 
 LSAQ entered into a Director Nomination Agreement with certain of Legacy Science 37 stockholders which, together with the Company Bylaws, provides such stockholders with certain governance rights with respect to the Company. 
 LSAQ, the Sponsor, Legacy Science 37 and certain stockholders of Legacy Science 37 entered into a Director Nomination Agreement, pursuant to which each party agreed that our board of directors would initially, upon the effectiveness of the Business Combination, consist of at least seven members, one of which will be appointed by LSAQ pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and the remainder of which would be appointed by Legacy Science 37. The Director Nomination Agreement provides, among other things, that from and after the closing of the Business Combination and until such time as a stockholder (together with its affiliates) beneficially owns less than 10.0 of our then-issued and outstanding shares of common stock, each of the applicable stockholders will be entitled to nominate one person for election as a director of our Board at the applicable meeting of our stockholders, and subject to our Board's fiduciary duties, our Board will recommend these directors for stockholder approval. 
 The provision of the Company Bylaws requiring exclusive forum in certain courts in the State of Delaware or the federal district courts of the United States for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 The Company s Bylaws require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or stockholders to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Company s Charter or Bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine will have to be brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware), in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. The foregoing provision will not apply to claims arising under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal and state jurisdiction. 
 Additionally, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of the Company s capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in the Company s Bylaws. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with claims arising under federal securities laws, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in the Company s Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 
 Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Further, in the event a court finds either exclusive forum provision contained in the Company s Bylaws to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We are an emerging growth company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our shares less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including 
 37 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 exemption from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the initial public offering of LSAQ, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of shares of our common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 In addition, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. 
 Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would allow us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements. 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the market price may be more volatile. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, we believe would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, legal proceedings are inherently uncertain. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter or a combination of matters may be material to our results of operations for a particular period, depending upon the size of the loss or our income for that particular period. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 38 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol SNCE . 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 1, 2023, there were 116,729,430 of our shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 240 stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors the board of directors deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in any financing instruments. Our ability to declare dividends may also be limited by restrictive covenants pursuant to any other future debt financing agreements. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, for information related to securities authorized for issuance under the Company's equity compensation plans. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved.] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 On October 6, 2021 (the Closing Date ), Science 37 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly named LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. or LSAQ , a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company) consummated a merger pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated May 6, 2021, by and among LifeSci Acquisition II Corp., LifeSci Acquisition II Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. Merger Sub ), and Science 37, Inc., a Delaware corporation Legacy Science 37 ). 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, a business combination between LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. and Legacy Science 37 was effected through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Legacy Science 37, with Legacy Science 37 remaining as the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. (the Merger and collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination ). On the Closing Date, LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. changed its name to Science 37 Holdings, Inc. (the Company or Science 37 ). 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks faced by us 
 39 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to we, us, our, and the Company are intended to mean the business and operations of Legacy Science 37 prior to the Merger and to Science 37 Holdings, Inc. following the closing of the Merger. 
 
 Overview 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company or Science 37 is a leader in patient-centric clinical trials and in supporting novel approaches to decentralized clinical trial DCT designs. Science 37 pioneered the concept of patient-centric clinical trials with a very simple premise: that clinical trials should begin with the patient. 
 Through its patient-centric approach, Science 37 reduces the impact of the geographic barriers associated with conventional physical clinical trial sites, enabling recruitment of virtually any patient. Science 37 believes that centering the clinical trial around the patient with personalized support addresses current industry needs around patient recruitment, retention, representation, and engagement. To expand clinical trial access Science 37 offers a unique model to existing non-research focused healthcare networks to seamlessly participate without the traditional site infrastructure costs. 
 Science 37 s patient-centric model is powered by a proprietary end-to-end unified technology platform and its team of approximately 460 employees with significant therapeutic and subject matter expertise. As the backbone of Science 37 s offering, the proprietary unified technology platform standardizes and orchestrates the process for clinical trials across Science 37 s specialized network of patient communities, telemedicine investigators, flexible mobile nurse networks, remote coordinators, and robust network of technology integrations. The Company operates under one reporting segment. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Science 37 s Performance 
 We derive our revenue primarily from contractual arrangements to enable and enhance clinical trials through technology and services as well as licensing our proprietary technology platform to a variety of life science institutions. Thus, the following factors have been important to our business and we expect them to impact our business, results of operations and financial condition in future periods: 
 Core business growth and expansion of technology capabilities 
 Our sustained growth will require continued adoption and utilization of our products and service offerings by new and existing customers. Our revenue growth rate and long-term profitability are affected by our ability to expand our customer base through market penetration and drive broader adoption of our technology platform. Our financial performance will depend on our ability to attract, retain and sell additional solutions to our customers under favorable contractual terms. 
 Expansion into adjacent markets 
 Maintaining our growth will require additional expansion of our offerings across key verticals, including contract research organization CRO partnerships, electronic clinical outcome assessment capabilities, real-world evidence, clinical care, and diversity in clinical research. Our financial performance will depend on our ability to continue to execute our expansion across these key verticals with favorable contractual terms. 
 Continued investment in growth 
 We plan to continue investing in our business, including our internally developed software, so we can capitalize on our market opportunity and increase awareness of the value that can be realized with decentralized clinical trials. We also expect to continue to make focused investments in marketing to drive brand awareness, increase the number of opportunities and further penetrate the market. Although we expect these activities will negatively impact our results in the near term, we believe that these investments will contribute to our long-term growth and positively impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 Key Performance Measures 
 We review certain key performance measures, discussed below, to evaluate our business and results, measure performance, identify trends, formulate plans and make strategic decisions. We believe that the presentation of such metrics is useful to the Company s investors because they are used to measure and model the performance of companies such as ours. 
 40 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Backlog and Net Bookings 
 Our backlog represents anticipated revenue for work not yet completed or performed (i) under signed contracts, letters of intent and, in some cases, bookings that are supported by other forms of written communication and (ii) where there is sufficient or reasonable certainty about the customer s ability and intent to fund and commence the services within six months. Backlog and backlog conversion (defined as quarterly revenue for the period divided by opening backlog for that period) vary from period to period depending upon new authorizations, contract modifications, cancellations and the amount of revenue recognized under existing contracts. 
 We continually evaluate our backlog to determine if any previously awarded work is no longer expected to be performed. If we determine that previously awarded work is no longer probable of performance, we will remove the value from our backlog based on the risk of cancellation. We recognize revenue from these bookings as services are performed, provided the Company has received proper authorization from the customer. We exclude revenue that has been recognized 
 and reported in the statement of operations from backlog. 
 Although an increase in backlog will generally result in an increase in future revenue to be recognized over time (depending on future contract modifications, contract cancellations and other adjustments), an increase in backlog at a particular point in time does not necessarily correspond to an increase in revenue during a particular period. The timing and extent to which backlog will result in revenue depends on many factors, including the timing of commencement of work, the rate at which services are performed, scope changes, cancellations, delays, receipt of regulatory approvals and the nature, duration, size, complexity, and phase of the studies. The Company s contracts generally have terms ranging from several months to several years. In addition, delayed projects may remain in backlog until they are canceled. As a result of these and other factors, our backlog might not be a reliable indicator of future revenue and we might not realize all or any part of the revenue from the authorizations in backlog as of any point in time. 
 Net bookings represent new business awards, net of contract modifications, contract cancellations, and other adjustments. Net bookings represent the minimum contractual value for the initial planned duration of a contract as of the contract execution date. The minimum fixed fees, upfront implementation fees and technology and support fees are included in net bookings. Estimates of variable revenue for utilization in excess of the contracted amounts is not included in the value of net bookings. Net bookings vary from period to period depending on numerous factors, including customer authorization volume, sales performance and the overall health of the life sciences industry, among others. 
 Our backlog as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Backlog 172,939 163,884 9,055 5.5 
 Our net bookings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Net bookings 79,201 163,900 (84,699) (51.7) 
 Net bookings decreased 84.7 million, or 51.7 , to 79.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 163.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily driven by elongated sales cycle timelines, two material COVID cancellations, and one contractual down scope resulting from a repeat customer hitting program level enrollment earlier than anticipated. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 The Company derives its revenue primarily from two sources: (i) contractual arrangements to enable and enhance clinical trials through technology and services, and (ii) licensing of its proprietary technology platform to a variety of life science institutions. 
 Total revenue is comprised of revenue from the provision of the Company s decentralized services, including enhanced services from the use of the Company s hosted proprietary software. Revenue also includes reimbursable and out of pocket expenses provided for in the Company s contracts with its customers. 
 41 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Revenue Recognition, below, for a more detailed discussion of our revenue recognition policy. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue includes the direct costs to conduct the Company s trials remotely and make available the Company s technology solutions. Cost of revenue consists primarily of compensation, benefits, and other employee-related costs, including expenses for stock-based compensation, contract labor, trial advertising and marketing, investigator payments, and reimbursable out-of-pocket expenses directly related to delivering on the Company s contracts. Cost of revenue is driven primarily by the number of clinical trials in which the Company is contracted, and it typically increases or decreases with changes in revenue but may fluctuate from period to period as a percentage of revenue due to project labor utilization and experience level mix of personnel assigned to projects, the type of services, changes to the timing of work performed and project inefficiencies, among other factors. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses include costs related to sales, marketing, and administrative functions (including human resources, legal, finance, information technology, privacy and training and general management) such as compensation expense and benefits, including stock-based compensation, travel, professional services, facilities, recruiting and relocation, training, and sales commissions. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization represent the costs charged for the Company s property, equipment and capitalized software development. The Company records depreciation and amortization on property and equipment using the straight-line method, based on the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. The Company depreciates leasehold improvements over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the improvements. The Company amortizes software development costs over three years. We will continue to invest additional resources in our unified technology platform, to expand its capabilities and ensure that customers are realizing the full benefit of our offerings. The level and timing of investment in these areas could affect our depreciation and amortization expense in the future. 
 Restructuring Costs 
 Restructuring costs consist of employee severance and benefits. The Company carried out a cost reduction program (the Plan in the fourth quarter of 2022 to materially change the Company s management structure and to better align resources with our then-current business needs and going forward financial objectives, which included one-time termination benefits for 81 employees. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net, consists of interest income, sublease income, the change in the fair value of the earn-out liability, and other income (expense). 
 42 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Revenue 70,147 59,597 Cost of revenue and operating expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 54,278 42,394 Selling, general and administrative 103,254 73,122 Impairment of long-lived assets 44,079 Depreciation and amortization 17,942 7,799 Restructuring costs 2,628 Total operating expenses 222,181 123,315 Loss from operations (152,034) (63,718) Total other income (expense), net 100,956 (30,612) Loss before income taxes (51,078) (94,330) Income tax (benefit) expense (90) 1 Net loss (50,988) (94,331) 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Revenue 70,147 59,597 10,550 17.7 
 Revenue increased 10.6 million, or 17.7 , to 70.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 59.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily driven by higher opening backlog at the beginning of the year as compared to the prior year as 2021 contract wins transitioned to revenue generation during 2022. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 54,278 42,394 11,884 28.0 of revenue 77.4 71.1 
 Cost of revenue increased 11.9 million, or 28.0 to 54.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 42.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily to support revenue growth during 2022. To support this growth, we incurred cost increases, primarily in compensation-related expenses to support growth in key verticals and market expansion, consulting fees due to expansion of clinical visits and hosting fees for our proprietary operating system. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Selling, general and administrative 103,254 73,122 30,132 41.2 of revenue 147.2 122.7 
 43 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 30.1 million, or 41.2 , to 103.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 73.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was mainly due to investments to support planned company growth, investments related to the launch of the next generation technology platform, and expenses as a publicly traded company in conjunction with the Merger. Higher headcount during the year lead to increases in salaries and benefits, and web services and software. Stock-based compensation expense also increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to (i) the stock option issuances during 2021 with a fair value impacted by an increase in the value of the Company s stock during 2021 in anticipation of the Merger, (ii) additional stock option issuances to new and existing employees, and (iii) the issuance of Earn-Out Shares (defined below) to existing Legacy Science 37 option holders in conjunction with the Merger. These increases were partly offset by decreases in merger transaction costs and employee recruiting fees due to a reduction in 2022 new hires. 
 Impairment of Long-lived Assets 
 Impairment of long-lived assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 44.1 million. The impairment was due to the carrying value of the asset group being greater than the fair value. The Company considered the market capitalization valuation as of December 31, 2022, which was adversely impacted by sustained declines in the Company s stock price during 2022, in determining the fair value of the asset group. The market capitalization was trading below cash and cash equivalents and stockholders' equity at December 31, 2022, which required the Company to recognize the long-lived asset impairment. The Company remains confident in the utility of the long-lived assets and there has been no change as to their intended use. No long-lived asset impairment expense was recognized for the year-end December 31, 2021. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Depreciation and amortization 17,942 7,799 10,143 130.1 of revenue 25.6 13.1 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased by 10.1 million, or 130.1 , to 17.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 7.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to amortization of the Company s internally developed software year over year, consistent with our focus on continuous development of new features and functionality within our proprietary operating system. 
 Restructuring Costs 
 Restructuring costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 2.6 million. On November 10, 2022, the Company committed to and commenced a Plan to materially change the Company s management structure and better align resources with our then-current business needs and going forward financial objectives. The Plan included one-time termination benefits for 81 employees (approximately 15 of the Company s workforce). We may continue to incur additional restructuring and other costs during and beyond 2023 related to our cost reduction program. There were no restructuring costs for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Total other income (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 101.0 million as compared to (30.6) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The difference was primarily due to the change in fair value of the earn-out liability. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 108.1 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded net loss of 51.0 million (which included a non-cash gain of 98.7 million on revaluation of the earn-out liability and a non-cash loss of 44.1 million on long-lived asset impairment charges recognized due to the carrying value of the asset group being greater than the fair value) and used 75.4 million and 31.9 million of net cash in operating and investing activities, respectively, while financing activities provided 0.6 million of net cash. Cash outflows from operating activities are attributable primarily to losses from operations incurred in 2022. The Company has limited operating history and is in an early stage of growth, incurring significant costs in developing and commercializing its products and related services, while generating limited revenue from sales of its products and related services that are insufficient to cover operating costs. In addition, loss from operations for the year ended December 31, 
 44 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 2022 includes administrative, compliance and other costs related to becoming a publicly traded company as a result of the Merger. 
 From inception through the consummation of the Merger, the Company had primarily been financed with net proceeds from the issuance of multiple series of redeemable preferred stock in the private market. In conjunction with the Merger, which was consummated on October 6, 2021, the Company received 200.0 million from the private placement of an aggregate of 20,000,000 newly-issued shares of common stock from leading institutional and strategic investors (the PIPE financing to further fund the Company s unified technology platform and extend into adjacent markets. As a result of the Merger and inclusive of the PIPE financing, the Company received 233.5 million, net of fees and expenses paid in connection with the closing of the Merger. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s principal source of liquidity was cash and cash equivalents provided from the Merger and PIPE financing. The Company believes that the current cash balances will be adequate to support its working capital needs, capital expenditures and other currently anticipated liquidity requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including investments in growth and technology. To meet these future capital requirements, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and other assets, which may require us to seek additional equity or debt financing. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 2021 Change Net cash used in operating activities (75,443) (36,478) (38,965) Net cash used in investing activities (31,874) (20,576) (11,298) Net cash provided by financing activities 610 238,172 (237,562) 
 Operating activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 75.4 million, consisting primarily of a net loss of 51.0 million, changes in working capital of (13.5) million and net adjustments for non-cash items of (11.0) million. Changes in working capital were primarily due to decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses partly related to timing of invoicing and payment. In addition, in April 2022, U.S. exempt employees transitioned from a paid time off PTO to a flexible time off FTO policy with impacted employees receiving cash consideration of approximately 3.2 million for earned and accrued PTO which, as of March 31, 2022, had not been used under the previous policy. The Company paid the 2021 annual employee bonuses in March 2022 and the PTO to FTO transitional payments in May 2022. Net adjustments for non-cash items consisted primarily of a 98.7 million gain recorded from the change in fair value of the earn-out liability, partially offset by 44.1 million impairment of long-lived assets (due to the carrying value of the asset group being greater than the fair value), stock-based compensation expense, and depreciation and amortization. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 36.5 million consisting primarily of a net loss of 94.3 million and changes in working capital of 8.6 million offset by non-cash items of 49.2 million. The changes in working capital were primarily due to increases in accounts payable, deferred revenue, and accrued expenses partially offset by increases in prepaid expenses. Changes in working capital were impacted by the timing of and receipt of payments in conjunction with the overall continued growth of our operations. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of a loss recorded from the change in fair value of the earn-out liability, stock-based compensation expense, depreciation, and amortization. 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 31.9 million, consisting of 31.7 million in payments related to capitalized software development costs and 0.2 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 45 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 20.6 million consisting of 19.3 million in payments related to capitalized software development costs and 1.2 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 Investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 reflects the Company s continued focus on the development of new features and functionality within our proprietary technology platform . 
 We expect to make expenditures for additions and enhancements to our proprietary technology platform and for purchases of property and equipment. The amount, timing and allocation of capital expenditures are largely discretionary and within management s control. Depending on market conditions, we may choose to defer a portion of our budgeted expenditures until later periods to achieve the desired balance between sources and uses of liquidity and prioritize capital projects that we believe have the highest expected returns and potential to generate cash flow. 
 Financing activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0.6 million and 238.2 million, respectively. Financing inflows for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of cash received from stock option exercises, while those for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted primarily of net proceeds from the Merger Transaction, inclusive of the PIPE financing, of 236.7 million and cash received from stock option exercises. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Please refer to Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details surrounding lease commitments and Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding the contingent obligation regarding the Earn-Out Shares. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions for the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such differences may be material. 
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to our financial condition and results of operations and require our most difficult, subjective, and complex judgments. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The majority of our contracts are service contracts for clinical trial support that represent a single performance obligation. Science 37 provides a significant integration service resulting in a combined output, which is clinical trial data that meets the relevant regulatory standards and can be used by the customer to progress to the next phase of a clinical trial or solicit approval of a treatment by the applicable regulatory body. The performance obligation is satisfied over time as the output is captured in data and documentation that is available for the customer to consume over the course of the arrangement and furthers progress of the clinical trial. We recognize revenue over time using a cost-based input method since there is no single output measure that would fairly depict the transfer of control over the life of the performance obligation. Progress on the performance obligation is measured by the proportion of actual costs incurred to the total costs expected to complete the contract. Costs included in the measure of progress include direct labor and third-party costs (such as payments to investigators and other pass-through expenses related to clinical activities). This cost-based method of revenue recognition requires us to make estimates of costs to complete projects on an ongoing basis. Significant judgment is required to evaluate assumptions related to these estimates as they are based on various assumptions to project future outcomes of events that often span several years. The effect of revisions to estimates related to the transaction price or costs to complete a project are recorded in the period in which the estimate is revised. Most contracts may be terminated upon 30 to 90 days notice by the customer; however, in the event of termination, most contracts require payment for services rendered through the date of termination, as well as for subsequent services rendered to close out the contract. 
 46 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Capitalized Software and the Recognition of Related Amortization to Expense 
 Science 37 s internal use proprietary software organizes workflows, captures real-time evidence, and harmonizes data during clinical trial support or enhancement. As such, we capitalize software development costs related to the development of our proprietary platform in accordance with ASC Topic 350-40, Internal Use Software. Capitalized software is recorded at cost less accumulated amortization. Costs incurred during the development stage are capitalized and consist of payroll labor and benefits, to the extent of time spent directly on the development of software, stock-based compensation expense for direct employees, and external direct costs of materials and labor. Payroll and benefits are allocated based on the percentage of technical employees time spent directly on the software which involves some level of estimation. Vacation, holidays, sick time, extended leave, training, and administrative meetings are considered and excluded from the percent capitalized. Training and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Amortization commences once the respective assets are placed into service. The amortization of these capitalized software costs for internal use proprietary software is included in depreciation and amortization over an estimated life of three years. The determination of the useful life for capitalized software involves some level of judgment. Amortization expense can be affected by various factors, including new software releases, acquisitions or divestitures of software, and/or impairments. 
 The Company reviews capitalized software for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in circumstances are present, the Company assesses the recoverability of long-lived assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the expected undiscounted future cash flow from the use of the capitalized software and its eventual disposition is less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized and measured using the fair value of the related asset. Assets are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair value less costs to sell. The net book value of the Company s internal use software totaling 42.1 million was impaired. The impairment was due to the carrying value of the asset group being greater than the fair value. The Company considered the market capitalization valuation as of December 31, 2022, which was adversely impacted by sustained declines in the Company s stock price during 2022, in determining the fair value of the asset group. The market capitalization was trading below cash and cash equivalents and stockholders' equity at December 31, 2022, which required the Company to recognize the long-lived asset impairment. The Company remains confident in the utility of the long-lived assets and there has been no change as to their intended use. No software impairment was recognized for the year-ended December 31, 2021. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 We recognize the cost of share-based awards granted to employees and directors based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the awards. Cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award. We reverse previously recognized costs for unvested awards in the period that forfeitures occur. We determine the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is impacted by the following assumptions: 
 Expected Term We use the simplified method when calculating the expected term due to insufficient historical exercise data. 
 Expected Volatility Given the limited market trading history of our common stock, volatility is based on a benchmark of comparable companies within the traditional CRO and health technology industries. 
 Expected Dividend Yield We have not paid any cash dividends on common stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate The interest rates used are based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term equal to the expected life of the award. 
 Prior to the Merger Transaction, due to the absence of an active market for Legacy Science 37 s common stock, the fair value of the common stock for purposes of determining the common stock price for stock option grants was determined by Science 37 s Board of Directors. Science 37 s Board of Directors set the exercise price of stock options at least equal to the fair value of its common stock on the date of grant. Legacy Science 37 s Board of Directors exercised judgment while considering numerous objective and subjective factors in order to determine the fair market value on each date of grant in accordance with the guidance in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Technical Practice Aid entitled, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation, including the receipt of a valuation prepared by an independent third party with extensive experience valuing common stock of privately held companies. 
 47 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Earn-Out Shares 
 Former holders of shares of Legacy Science 37 common stock (including shares received as a result of the conversion of Legacy Science 37 preferred stock) and former holders of options to purchase shares of Legacy Science 37 are entitled to receive their respective pro rata shares of up to 12,500,000 additional shares of the Company s common stock (the Earn-Out Shares if, during the period beginning on the Merger Transaction date and ending on October 6, 2024, the share price equal to the volume weighted average price of Science 37 s common stock for a period of at least 20 days out of 30 consecutive trading days (each, a Triggering Event ): 
 is equal to or greater than 15.00, a one-time aggregate issuance of 5,000,000 Earn-Out Shares will be made; and 
 is equal to or greater than 20.00, a one-time aggregate issuance of 7,500,000 Earn-Out Shares will be made. 
 In respect of former holders of Legacy Science 37 options, receipt of the Earn-Out Shares is subject to continued services to the Company or one of its subsidiaries at the time of the applicable Triggering Event. If there is a change of control of Science 37 within the three-year period following the closing of the Business Combination that will result in the holders of Science 37 common stock receiving a per share price equal to or in excess of any Triggering Event threshold, then immediately prior to such change of control, any Triggering Event that has not previously occurred shall be deemed to have occurred and Science 37 shall issue the Earn-Out Shares to the former holders of shares of Legacy Science 37 common stock and former holders of Legacy Science 37 options in accordance with their respective pro rata shares. The estimated fair value of the Earn-Out Shares was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model using a distribution of potential outcomes over the earn-out period using the most reliable information available. 
 The Company determined that the contingent obligation to issue Earn-Out Shares to existing Legacy Science 37 shareholders is not indexed to the Company's stock under ASC Topic 815-40 and therefore equity treatment is precluded. The Triggering Event(s) that determine the issuance of the Earn-Out Shares include terms that are not solely indexed to our common stock, and as such liability classification is required. Equity-linked instruments classified as liabilities are recorded at their estimated fair value on the date of issuance and are revalued at each subsequent balance sheet date, with fair value changes recognized in other income (expense), net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 The Company determined that the contingent obligation to issue Earn-Out Shares to existing Legacy Science 37 option holders falls within the scope of ASC Topic 718, Share-based Compensation, because the option holders are required to continue providing service until the occurrence of the Triggering Event(s). The fair value of the option holder Earn-Out Shares is recorded as share-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the derived service period determined using the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model and recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 Section 102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can choose not to take advantage of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, and any such election to not take advantage of the extended transition period is irrevocable. 
 The Company is an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act and has elected to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period for new or revised financial accounting standards. The Company expects to remain an emerging growth company at least through the end of 2022 and expects to continue to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period, although it may decide to early adopt such new or revised accounting standards to the extent permitted by such standards. This may make it difficult or impossible to compare our financial results with the financial results of another public company that is either not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company that has chosen not to take advantage of the extended transition period exemptions because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 Information relating to recently issued accounting standards is included in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Under SEC rules and regulations, because we are considered to be a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this item in this report. 
 49 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 202 2 and December 31, 20 21 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss - Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) - Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 55 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 56 
 
 50 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 51 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, (In thousands, except share data) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable and unbilled services, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Capitalized software, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Long-term earn-out liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 
 Redeemable convertible preferred stock: Redeemable convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, preferred stock and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Revenue Operating expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) Selling, general and administrative Impairment of long-lived assets Depreciation and amortization Restructuring costs Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Sublease income Change in fair value of earn-out liability ) Other expense, net ) Total other income (expense), net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net loss ) ) Net loss per share: Basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Weighted average shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share 
 Comprehensive loss Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation Total comprehensive loss ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) (1) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 (In thousands) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Proceeds from option exercises Proceeds from warrant exercises Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred shares into common shares (refer to Note 11) ) ) Merger shares issuance, net of transaction costs PIPE shares issuance, net of transaction costs Contingently issuable earn-out shares (refer to Note 17) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) Stock-based compensation expense Proceeds from option exercises Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation, net of tax Balances at December 31, 2022 ) 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense related to operating lease right-of-use assets Stock-based compensation (Gain) loss on change in fair value of earn-out liability ) Loss on long-lived asset impairment Gain on foreign currency exchange rates ) Provision for doubtful accounts Loss on disposal of fixed assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable and unbilled services ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other, net ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Payments related to capitalized software development costs ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from warrant exercises PIPE shares issuance, net of transaction costs Merger shares issuance, net of transaction costs Proceeds from stock option exercises Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities Balance in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and capitalized stock-based compensation related to capitalized software and fixed asset additions ) ) Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities ) Conversion of preferred stock into common stock ) Earn-out shares 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

1. 
 employees with significant therapeutic and subject matter expertise. As the backbone of Science 37 s offering, the proprietary unified technology platform standardizes and orchestrates the process for clinical trials across Science 37 s specialized network of patient communities, telemedicine investigators, flexible mobile nurse networks, remote coordinators, and robust network of technology integrations. The Company operates under reporting segment. 
 Liquidity 
 Under Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) ASC 205-40 ), the Company has the responsibility to evaluate whether conditions and/or events raise substantial doubt about its ability to meet its future financial obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. 
 Pursuant to subscription agreements entered into in connection with the Merger Agreement (collectively, the Subscription Agreements ), certain investors agreed to subscribe for an aggregate of newly-issued shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of million (the PIPE ). As a result of the Business Combination and inclusive of the PIPE financing, the Company received million, net of fees and expenses paid in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of unrestricted cash. 
 The Company believes that its current cash level will be adequate to support its ongoing operations, capital expenditures and working capital for at least the next twelve months. As such, the Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 On October 6, 2021 (the Closing Date ), Science 37 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly named LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. or LSAQ , a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company) consummated a merger pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated May 6, 2021, by and among LifeSci Acquisition II Corp., LifeSci Acquisition II Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. Merger Sub ), and Science 37, Inc., a Delaware corporation Legacy Science 37 ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, a business combination between LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. and Legacy Science 37 was effected through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Legacy Science 37, with Legacy Science 37 remaining as the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. (the Merger and collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination ). 
 56 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 1. Company Background and Basis of Presentation (continued) 

 established in the Business Combination. 
 Concentration Risks 

2. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 sources: (i) contractual arrangements to enable and enhance clinical trials through technology and services, and (ii) licensing of its proprietary hosted technology platform to a variety of life science institutions. 
 Revenue is recognized when control of these services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services. The Company determines revenue recognition through the following steps: 
 Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer 
 57 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 notice. In the event of termination, the Company s contracts generally provide that the customer pay the Company for (i) fees earned through the termination date, (ii) fees and expenses for winding down the project, which include both fees incurred and actual expenses, (iii) non-cancellable expenditures, and (iv) in some cases, a fee to cover a portion of the remaining professional fees on the project. 
 58 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Capitalized Costs 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Clinical trial marketing costs totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Corporate branding and other marketing costs totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Restructuring Costs 
 
 Foreign Currency 
 59 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Accounts Receivable, Unbilled Services, and Deferred Revenue 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 
 years Computer equipment years Leasehold improvements Shorter of remaining lease term or estimated useful life 
 Upon the sale or retirement of property or equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the Company s consolidated financial statements with the resulting gain or loss reflected in the Company s results of operations. 
 
 60 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 years. Software cloud computing arrangements that do not contain software licenses are accounted for as service contracts. 
 Assets are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair value less costs to sell. As of the year-ended December 31, 2022 we recognized a million long-lived asset impairment expense (excluding the ROU asset impairment discussed under Leases below). The impairment was due to the carrying value of the asset group being greater than the fair value. The Company considered the market capitalization valuation as of December 31, 2022, which was adversely impacted by sustained declines in the Company s stock price during 2022, in determining the fair value of the asset group. The market capitalization was trading below cash and cash equivalents and stockholders' equity at December 31, 2022, which required the Company to recognize the long-lived asset impairment. The Company remains confident in the utility of the long-lived assets and there has been no change as to their intended use. long-lived asset impairment expense was recognized for the year-ended December 31, 2021. 
 Leases 
 million of ROU asset impairment expense due to the carrying value of the asset group being greater than the fair value. The Company considered the market capitalization valuation as of December 31, 2022, which was adversely impacted by sustained declines in the Company s stock price during 2022, in determining the fair value of the asset group. The market capitalization was trading below cash and cash equivalents and stockholders' equity at December 31, 2022, which required the Company to recognize the long-lived asset impairment. asset impairment expense for leases was recognized for the year-ended December 31, 2021. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 61 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 Fair Value Measurements 
 Other than the Earn-Out Shares, the Company has no assets or liabilities measured at Level 2 or Level 3. 
 Income Taxes 
 62 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 As a result of the Merger, the Company retrospectively adjusted the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding prior to October 6, 2021 by multiplying them by the exchange ratio of approximately used to determine the number of shares of common stock into which they converted. 
 Segments 
 
 As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have material revenue earned or assets located outside of the United States. 
 Subsequent Events 
 
 Emerging Growth and Smaller Reporting Company 
 As an emerging growth company EGC ), the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act allows the Company to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are applicable to private companies. The Company has elected to use the extended transition period under the JOBS Act until such time the Company is not considered to be an EGC. The adoption dates are discussed in the section below to reflect this election. 
 The Company is also a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure requirements, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. To the extent the Company takes advantage of such reduced disclosure requirements, it may make the comparison of its financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted 
 
 Accounting Pronouncements Issued but Not Yet Adopted 
 
 63 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

3. 
 shares (the Exchange Ratio of the Company s Common Stock, par value per share Common Stock ). Unless otherwise stated, the Exchange Ratio was applied to the number of shares of Legacy Science 37 throughout these consolidated financial statements. 
 At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), of the issued and outstanding shares of preferred and common stock of Legacy Science 37 were converted into an aggregate of shares (the Merger Shares of Common Stock. Former holders of shares of Legacy Science 37 common stock (including shares received as a result of the conversion of Legacy Science 37 preferred stock) and former holders of options to purchase shares of Legacy Science 37 common stock are entitled to receive their respective pro rata shares of up to additional shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Earn-Out Shares if, during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on October 6, 2024, the share price equal to the volume weighted average price of Science 37 s Common Stock for a period of at least days out of consecutive trading days (each, a Triggering Event ): 
 i. is equal to or greater than , a one-time aggregate issuance of Earn-Out Shares will be made; and 
 ii. is equal to or greater than , a one-time aggregate issuance of Earn-Out Shares will be made. 
 In respect of former holders of Legacy Science 37 options, receipt of the Earn-Out Shares is subject to continued services to the Company or one of its subsidiaries at the time of the applicable Triggering Event. If there is a change of control of Science 37 within the period following the closing of the Business Combination, that will result in the holders of Science 37 Common Stock receiving a per share price equal to or in excess of any Triggering Event threshold, then immediately prior to such change of control, any Triggering Event that has not previously occurred shall be deemed to have occurred and Science 37 shall issue the Earn-Out Shares to the former holders of shares of Legacy Science 37 Common Stock and former holders of Legacy Science 37 options in accordance with their respective pro rata shares. 
 Pursuant to subscription agreements entered into in connection with the Merger Agreement (collectively, the Subscription Agreements ), certain investors agreed to subscribe for an aggregate of newly issued shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of million (the PIPE ). The shares of Common Stock issued by the Company pursuant to the PIPE financing were issued concurrently with the closing of the Merger on the Closing Date. A total of additional shares of common stock were issued in connection with the close of the Business Combination, inclusive of the PIPE shares and shares held by LSAQ sponsor and public investors. 
 In summary, upon the closing of the Merger: 
 shares of LSAQ common stock held by shareholders prior to the Merger were redeemed with cash from LSAQ s trust account, leaving shares of pre-existing LSAQ common stock outstanding after redemption. 
 Private Placement Warrants held by the Sponsor were converted to common shares of LSAQ common stock immediately prior to the Effective Time. 
 64 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 3. Business Combination (continued) 

 shares of Common Stock. 
 the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Common Stock to the PIPE Investors pursuant to the closing of the PIPE. 
 all of the outstanding options to acquire Legacy Science 37 common stock were converted into options to acquire an aggregate of shares of Common Stock. 
 The Company received million in cash from the LSAQ trust and operating accounts, net of redemptions of LSAQ common stock and transaction costs paid at closing of million. In addition, the Company also received million from the PIPE investors related to the issuance of shares of Common Stock. The Company paid a total of million additional transaction costs related to the Business Combination in addition to the million transaction costs paid at closing totaling million in transaction costs. These transaction costs were associated with the Merger, PIPE and shareholder Earn-Out Shares. Transaction costs associated with the Merger and PIPE shares were deducted from the merger proceeds and included in additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity (deficit) at December 31, 2021. The transaction costs associated with the shareholder Earn-Out Shares were expensed as incurred and the amount of million for the year ended December 31, 2021 is included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Shares from Conversion of LSAQ Private Warrants LSAQ Public Stockholders Science 37 Rollover Shares PIPE Shares Total 
 
 4. 
 million. The Company expects to recognize this revenue over the remaining contract term of the individual projects, with remaining contract terms generally ranging from to years. The amount of unsatisfied performance obligations is lower than the potential contractual revenue since it excludes revenue that is constrained. Revenue amounts excluded due to constraints include those amounts under contracts that (i) are wholly unperformed in which the customer has a unilateral right to cancel the arrangement, or (ii) require the Company to undertake numerous activities to fulfill the performance obligations, including various activities that are outside of the Company s control. 
 Timing of Billing and Performance 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recognized approximately million and million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the years, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 revenue recognized from performance obligations partially satisfied in previous periods was million and million, respectively. These cumulative catch-up adjustments primarily related to contract modifications, executed in the current period, which resulted in changes to the transaction price and changes in estimates such as estimated total costs. 
 65 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 4. Revenue (continued) 

 Unbilled services Total accounts receivable and unbilled services Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total accounts receivable and unbilled services, net 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, contract assets of million and million, respectively, were included in unbilled services. Year over year changes in the Company s accounts receivable and unbilled services was impacted by timing differences between the Company s satisfaction of performance obligations under its contracts, achievement of billing milestones, and customer payments. 
 Deferred revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 Financial assets that subject the Company to credit risk primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and unbilled services. Based on the short-term nature and historical realization of the financial assets as well as the reputable credit ratings of the financial institutions holding the deposits, the Company believes it bears minimal credit risk. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, one and three customers individually (totaling and , respectively) accounted for greater than 10 of revenue, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, two and three customers individually (totaling and , respectively) accounted for greater than 10 of accounts receivable, net, respectively. 
 Capitalized Commission Cost 
 Capitalized commission costs are incremental costs incurred to obtain a contract. The Company incurs incremental costs to obtain contracts through payment of sales commissions on contracts signed. The Company capitalizes commission costs when incurred and amortizes to expense over the term of the related contract, in line with revenue recognized. 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Amortization of capitalized commission cost ) ) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and in contract costs were impaired related to canceled projects, respectively. 
 66 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

5. 
 Computer equipment Leasehold improvements Less accumulated depreciation ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation on property and equipment was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net book value of the Company s property and equipment totaling million was impaired during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the carrying value of the asset group being greater than the fair value. The Company considered the market capitalization valuation as of December 31, 2022, which was adversely impacted by sustained declines in the Company s stock price during 2022, in determining the fair value of the asset group. The market capitalization was trading below cash and cash equivalents and stockholders' equity at December 31, 2022, which required the Company to recognize the long-lived asset impairment. 
 
 6. 
 million and million, respectively, of internal use software and recognized amortization expense of million and million, respectively. The net book value of the Company s internal use software totaling million was impaired due to the carrying value of the asset group being greater than the fair value. The Company considered the market capitalization valuation as of December 31, 2022, which was adversely impacted by sustained declines in the Company s stock price during 2022, in determining the fair value of the asset group. The market capitalization was trading below cash and cash equivalents and stockholders' equity at December 31, 2022, which required the Company to recognize the long-lived asset impairment. The Company remains confident in the utility of the long-lived assets and there has been no change as to their intended use. 
 Estimated amortization expense can be affected by various factors, including new software releases, acquisitions or divestitures of software and/or impairments. 
 ) 
 
 7. 
 Operating variable lease cost Selling, general and administrative expenses Total lease cost 
 67 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 7. Leases (continued) 

 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term (years): Operating leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total Reported as of December 31, 2022: 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total 
 The net book value of the Company s ROU asset of million was impaired during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the carrying value of the asset group being greater than the fair value. The Company considered the market capitalization valuation as of December 31, 2022, which was adversely impacted by sustained declines in the Company s stock price during 2022, in determining the fair value of the asset group. The market capitalization was trading below cash and cash equivalents and stockholders' equity at December 31, 2022, which required the Company to recognize the long-lived asset impairment. 
 The Company subleases of its office facilities to third parties under the same terms and conditions as the original lease agreements and has elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components as a single lease component under ASC Topic 842 guidance. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company wrote-off sublease receivables totaling million against sublease income due to the Subtenant s inability to pay. There were write-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 68 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 7. Leases (continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 8. 
 employees (approximately of the Company s workforce). The Company s Board of Directors approved the program on November 9, 2022, and the majority of the affected employees were informed of the Plan beginning on November 10, 2022. The Plan is expected to be substantially completed by the second quarter of 2023. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of restructuring costs. There were no restructuring costs for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total costs and cash expenditures for the cost reduction program are estimated at million to million, substantially all of which are related to one-time employee severance and benefits costs. The Company may continue to incur additional restructuring costs during and beyond 2023 related to its cost reduction program. The Company may also incur additional costs not currently contemplated due to events that may occur as a result of, or that are associated with, the cost reduction program. 
 Restructuring liabilities are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Restructuring costs Payments ) Balance at end of period 
 The Company expects the majority of the restructuring accruals as of December 31, 2022 will be paid in 2023, pursuant to the terms of one-time benefits. 
 
 9. 
 Capitalized commission cost, net Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 69 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

10. 
 Professional fees, investigator fees, and pass-through expenses Commissions payable Restructuring costs Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other Total accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 
 11. 
 shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock (as adjusted for the Exchange Ratio) outstanding during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which were converted into common stock in connection with the closing of the Business Combination on October 6, 2021, as described in Note 3. 
 Upon closing of the Business Combination transaction, pursuant to the terms of the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Company authorized shares of preferred stock with a par value per share. Science 37's board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue such shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the dividend, voting, and other rights, preferences and privileges of the shares. There were issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 12. 
 shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock, each with par value of per share. The Company had and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Each share of common stock is entitled to vote. The holders of common stock are also entitled to receive dividends whenever funds are legally available and when declared by the Board of Directors. The Company s Board of Directors has not declared common stock dividends since inception. 
 As outlined in Note 3, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination on October 6, 2021 and following the Science 37 Preferred Stock Conversion, all Legacy Science 37 Common Stock was converted into Common Stock of Science 37 Holdings, Inc., at an Exchange Ratio of approximately . Also in connection with the Business Combination, pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, certain investors agreed to subscribe for an aggregate of newly-issued shares of Common Stock. 
 Conversion of preferred stock into common stock Issuance of common stock Common stock shares, ending balance 
 The Company had common stock warrant outstanding with available shares to be issued of and an exercise price of per share during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was exercised in October 2021 immediately preceding consummation of the Merger with LSAQ. The Company had no common stock warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 70 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

13. 
 Total Liabilities: Earn-out liability related to shareholders Total 
 The following table summarizes the fair values of the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021: 
 (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Money market funds Total Liabilities: Earn-out liability related to shareholders Total 
 
 14. 
 used to determine the number of shares of common stock into which they converted. 
 71 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 14. Loss Per Share (continued) ) Denominator: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Loss per share: Basic and diluted 
 As noted above, potential common shares outstanding that are considered anti-dilutive are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. As the Company has incurred losses inception to date, due to its start-up nature, potential common shares are anti-dilutive due to this net loss. 
 Stock options Restricted stock units ESPP Earn-out shares Warrants Total 
 
 15. 
 million and million, respectively, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, related-party receivables of million and million, respectively, from Pharmaceutical Products Development, LLC PPD ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. and a shareholder who beneficially owns 5 percent or more of the Company s shares. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had related-party revenue of million from Novartis Pharma AG who had a ownership in dRx Capital AG, a shareholder who, until July 2021, had a minority interest in the Company and a seat on the Company s Board of Directors. In July 2021, dRx Capital AG was dissolved and their interest in the Company was distributed to their owners, one of which was Novartis Pharma AG. This dissolution and distribution did not cause any other shareholder of the Company to obtain a minority interest in the Company. 
 For the year ended and as of December 31, 2021, the Company had million related-party revenue and an immaterial receivable balance, respectively, from AlloVir, a Company in which Redmile Group, LLC has a minority interest. Entities affiliated with Redmile Group, LLC collectively own 5 percent or more of the Company s shares. For the year ended and as of December 31, 2022, the Company had related party balances with AlloVir. 
 
 16. 
 
 72 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 16. Commitments and Contingencies (continued) 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had material contingent losses recorded. 

17. 
 Earn-Out Shares if, during the following the consummation of the Merger, the volume weighted average price of Science 37 s Common Stock for a period of at least days out of consecutive trading days: 
 i. is equal to or greater than , a one-time aggregate issuance of Earn-Out Shares will be made Trigger 1 and 
 ii. is equal to or greater than , a one-time aggregate issuance of Earn-Out Shares will be made Trigger 2 ). 
 As of December 31, 2021, the stockholders and option holders were estimated to receive approximately and Earn-Out Shares, respectively, based on the fully diluted capitalization table of Legacy Science 37. The fair value of the Earn-Out Shares was approximately (Trigger 1) and approximately (Trigger 2) per share as of December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the stockholders and option holders are estimated to receive approximately and Earn-Out Shares, respectively. The fair value of the Earn-Out Shares is approximately (Trigger 1) and approximately (Trigger 2) per share as of December 31, 2022. 
 Through the third quarter of 2022, the estimated fair value of the Earn-Out Shares was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model using a distribution of potential outcomes on a monthly basis over the Earn-Out Period using the most reliable information available. This valuation method falls into Level 3 fair value hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value and is based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company's judgment concerning the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available under the circumstances. To the extent that the valuation is based on models or inputs that are unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires management to exercise a high degree of judgment. Change in significant unobservable inputs could result in a higher or lower fair value measurement of the liability associated with of the Earn-Out Shares. Based on the previous year s Monte Carlo simulation valuation model results, the change in the Company s stock price and the relative immaterial nature of the earn-out liability, the fair value of the Earn-Out Shares for the fourth quarter of 2022 was determined using a valuation methodology that the Company believes approximates the fair value of the Earn-Out Shares that would be determined using the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Forecast period (in years) 
 Former Science 37 Shareholders 
 The Company has determined that the contingent obligation to issue Earn-Out Shares to former Science 37 shareholders is not indexed to the Company's stock under ASC Topic 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, and therefore equity treatment is precluded. The Triggering Event that determines the issuance of the Earn-Out Shares includes terms that are not solely indexed to the common stock of the Company and, as such, liability 
 73 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 17. Earn-Out Shares (continued) 

 million, which was recorded as a gain in Change in fair value of earn-out liability within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. In accordance with the Merger Agreement, Earn-Out Shares attributable to former Science 37 option holders who discontinue providing service before the occurrence of the Triggering Event are reallocated to the remaining eligible former stockholders and former option holders. 
 The earn-out liability is recorded on the balance sheet as a non-current liability because potential payment of the liability will be settled in the Company s common shares. 
 
 Change in fair value related to option holder forfeitures Change in fair value related to share valuation inputs Total change in fair value recognized in earnings Balance at December 31, 2021 Change in fair value related to option holder forfeitures Change in fair value related to share valuation inputs ) Total change in fair value recognized in earnings ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Former Science 37 Option Holders 
 The contingent obligation to issue Earn-Out Shares to former Science 37 option holders falls within the scope of ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, because the option holders are required to continue providing service until the occurrence of the Triggering Event(s). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded approximately million in stock-based compensation expense related to the Earn-Out Shares. Approximately million of unrecognized compensation expense was remaining at December 31, 2022, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining derived service period of years (Trigger 1) and years (Trigger 2). 
 
 18. 
 equity-based compensation plans, the Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan 2021 Plan and the 2022 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan 2022 Plan , together with the 2021 Plan, the Plans ). From the 2021 Plan, stock-based compensation awards can be granted to employees, consultants, and non-executive directors. From the 2022 Plan, inducement stock-based awards can be granted to newly hired employees in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. Prior to the consummation of the Merger in the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company granted stock options to employees under the Science 37, Inc. 2015 Stock Option Plan (the 2015 Plan ). No further awards have been or will be made under the 2015 Plan following the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan allows for the grant of awards in the form of: (i) incentive stock options; (ii) non-qualified stock options; (iii) stock appreciation rights; (iv) restricted stock; (v) restricted stock units RSUs (vi) dividend equivalents; and (vii) other stock and cash-based awards. The 2022 Plan allows for the grant of awards in the form of: (i) non-qualified stock options; (ii) stock appreciation rights; (iii) restricted stock; (iv) restricted stock units RSUs (v) dividend equivalents; and (vi) other stock and cash-based awards. The Compensation Committee of the Board is responsible for the administration of both plans. In addition, in connection with the closing of the Merger, the Company adopted an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). 
 The terms of stock-based instruments granted are determined at the time of grant and are typically subject to such conditions as continued employment and the passage of time. The Company has granted 1) stock options, which typically vest at per year and become exercisable after one year of service after the date of issuance, with equal and successive 
 74 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 18. Stock-based Compensation (continued) 

 months, as long as the employee provides service to the Company, as defined and 2) RSUs, which are contingent upon continued service and vest over time in annual or bi-annual installments over the vesting period, which is typically to years. In addition, employees, consultants, and directors owning stock options immediately prior to the Merger were granted the right to receive a number of Earn-Out Shares as described in Note 17. 
 Prior to the Merger, due to the absence of an active market for Legacy Science 37 s common stock, the fair value of the common stock for purposes of determining the common stock price for stock option grants was determined by Science 37 s Board of Directors, the members of which have extensive business, financial and investment experience. The Company s Board of Directors set the exercise price of stock options at least equal to the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The Company s Board of Directors exercised judgment while considering numerous objective and subjective factors in order to determine the fair market value on each date of grant in accordance with the guidance in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Technical Practice Aid entitled, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation, or the AICPA Practice Aid, including the receipt of a valuation prepared by an independent third party with extensive experience valuing common stock of privately held companies. 
 The shares of common stock underlying any awards that are forfeited, canceled, reacquired by the Company prior to vesting, or otherwise terminated other than by exercise are added back to the shares of common stock available for issuance. The units available for issuance may be authorized but unissued or reacquired by the Company. No award may be granted under the Plans upon the earlier of the tenth anniversary of the date the plan is adopted by the Board, the date on which all units available for issuance under the Plans shall have been issued as vested units, or the termination of all outstanding awards under the Plans in connection with a change in control. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the maximum number of shares reserved for issuance under the Company s stock-based compensation plans was , of which shares were available for future grants. 
 Stock Options 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had issued and options to purchase shares of common stock of which and had been exercised and and remained outstanding, respectively. 
 Granted 0 Exercised ) 0 Forfeited ) 0 Outstanding as of January 1, 2022 Granted 0 Exercised ) 0 Forfeited ) 0 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised was approximately million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options was approximately million and million, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of and years, based on the original date of service of each specific grant holder. 
 The Company received cash of approximately million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, from options exercised. 
 75 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 18. Stock-based Compensation (continued) 

The stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 had a weighted-average fair value of and per share, respectively at the grant date. 
 - years 
 - years 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 Expected volatility 
 
 Dividend yield 
 The expected term of the stock options represents the average period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding. The Company does not have sufficient historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior. Therefore, the expected term of options granted is derived from the average midpoint between the weighted-average vesting and the contractual term, also known as the simplified method. The risk-free interest rate was the rate at the date of grant for a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond with a term that approximated the expected term of the stock option. 
 As the Company does not have sufficient historical data to calculate the historical volatility of its stock, the expected volatility is derived from the historical volatility of a selected peer group for a period that is equal to the expected term. 
 The Company does not have a history of paying regular dividends and does not expect to pay regular cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 In May 2022, the Company began granting RSUs to certain officers and employees, and to the Board of Directors. 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs was approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there are RSUs outstanding with an intrinsic value of approximately million. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The ESPP is a shareholder-approved plan under which substantially all employees may voluntarily enroll to purchase the Company s common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to of the lower of the fair market value of the stock as of the beginning or end of the offering periods. Employees may not purchase more than shares annually under the plan. 
 76 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 18. Stock-based Compensation (continued) 

 ESPP offering period began on September 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares issued and shares reserved for future issuance under the ESPP. 
 
 years Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility 
 The fair value of the shares under the ESPP is amortized straight-line over the offering period. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there are ESPP shares outstanding with a de minimis intrinsic value. 
 Earn-Out Shares 
 As outlined in Note 17, the contingent obligation to issue Earn-Out Shares to former Science 37 option holders falls within the scope of ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, because the option holders are required to continue providing service until the occurrence of the Triggering Event(s). Refer to Note 17 for additional information regarding the Earn-Out Shares. 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 Selling, general and administrative (stock options, RSUs and ESPP) Selling, general and administrative (earn-out shares) Total stock-based compensation expense 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, stock-based compensation expense recognized in the statements of operations differs from the impact of stock-based compensation to additional paid in capital due to million of stock-based compensation capitalized as part of software development activities. 
 There was no income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of income for Stock-based compensation arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Modification to Outstanding Equity Awards 
 stock option and RSU awards were modified related to terminated employees who continued as consultants providing part-time (non-substantive) services. The stock options and RSU s for these terminated employees continue to vest if consulting services are rendered through the consulting termination dates which range from nine to . Since the consulting services are non-substantive, the change in vesting conditions resulted in a Type III modification of the stock related awards. As a result, the Company reversed million of stock-based compensation expense related to these modifications due to a net decrease in the fair value of these awards on the date of the modifications. 
 
 19. 
 up to a maximum of the first of an employee s eligible compensation. 
 77 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 19. Employee Benefit Plan (continued) 

 million and million, respectively. 
 The Company s contributions associated with its defined contribution retirement plan are recorded in cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 20.) ) Foreign loss before taxes ) Total loss before taxes ) ) 
 Current income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . Deferred income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was ) million and , respectively. 
 The effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are different from the federal statutory rate primarily due to a full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets, in both years, as a result of insufficient sources of income.) ) State income tax, net of federal benefit ) ) (Gain) loss on earn-out ) Transaction costs ) Stock-based compensation Permanent items Section 162(m) Other adjustments ) Rate adjustment ) Return to provision Valuation allowance Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 78 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 20. Income Taxes (continued) 

Amortizable assets Equity compensation Salaries and wages Deferred revenue Operating lease liability Fixed assets Other Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset Operating lease ROU ) Fixed assets ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 The Company determines its valuation allowance on deferred tax assets by considering both positive and negative evidence in order to ascertain whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will be realized. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Due to the history of losses the Company has generated in the past, the Company believes that it is not more likely than not that all of the deferred taxes can be realized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; accordingly, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance on its US deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance increased million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The foreign subsidiaries are cost-plus entities and are not expected to have any material DTAs or NOLs outside the start-up phase. As such, no valuation allowance has been applied. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately million, state NOL carryforwards of million, and foreign NOL carryforwards of million. As a result of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, for U.S. income tax purposes, the NOL generated in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018 can be carried forward for 20 years, but NOL generated for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 are carried forward indefinitely and are limited to 80 utilization against taxable income. Of the total federal NOL, million will begin to expire in 2034 and million will not expire but can only offset 80 of future taxable income in any given year. Of the total state NOL carryforwards, million can be carried forward indefinitely, with the remainder first beginning to expire in 2029. Of the total foreign NOL carryforwards, million can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 Pursuant to Code Sections 382 and 383, annual use of our NOLs may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50 occurs within a three-year period. The Company has not completed a formal study in accordance with sections 382 and 383 to determine the limitations if a change in ownership occurs or if there are any limitations on the utilization of NOL carryforwards. If NOL carryforwards are eliminated, the related tax assets would be removed from the deferred tax assets schedule with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance. 
 The Company files US. federal and various state and local income tax returns and is not under examination by any of the taxing authorities. Tax years 2019 and forward remain open for examination for federal tax purpose and tax years 2018 and forward remain open for examination for state tax purposes. Carryforward attributes that were generated in years where the statute of limitation is closed may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or other respective tax authority. 
 79 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 20. Income Taxes (continued) 

 Gross increases tax positions in prior period Gross decreases tax positions in prior period Gross increase current-period tax positions Gross decrease current-period tax positions Settlements Lapse of statute of limitations Unrecognized tax benefits ending 
 The unrecognized tax benefit amounts are reflected in the determination of the Company s deferred tax assets. Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits is million that, if recognized, would not impact the Company s effective tax rate since it would be offset by an equal corresponding adjustment in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance. The Company does not foresee material changes to its liability for uncertain tax benefits within the next twelve months. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act subjects a U.S. shareholder to tax on Global Intangible Low-taxes Income GILTI earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. Pursuant to the FASB Staff Q A, Topic 740 No.5. Accounting for Global Intangible Low-taxed Income, the Company is allowed to make an accounting policy election to either recognize deferred taxes for temporary basis differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or to provide for the tax expense related to GILTI in the year the tax is incurred as period expense only. The Company has elected to account for GILTI in the year the tax is incurred. 
 
 80 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act), management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of the disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management's Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our board of directors and management; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in its 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Attestation of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) as we are both an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and a non-accelerated filer. Our independent registered accounting firm will not be required to opine on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 until we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 81 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 82 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Current Directors and Executive Officers 
 The following table provides information regarding our executive officers and members of our board of directors as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Name Age Position David Coman 53 Chief Executive Officer and Director Mike Zaranek 51 Chief Financial Officer Jonathan Cotliar 52 Chief Medical Officer Darcy Forman 48 Chief Delivery Officer Christine Pellizzari 55 Chief Legal and Human Resources Officer Michael Shipton 50 Chief Commercial Officer Bhooshitha B. De Silva 48 Director Robert Faulkner 60 Chairman and Director John W. Hubbard 66 Director Emily Rollins 53 Director Neil Tiwari 36 Director Paul von Autenried 61 Director 
 David Coman. David Coman has been Science 37 s Chief Executive Officer since November 2019 and has also been a director on our Board since October 2021. Prior to joining Science 37, Mr. Coman served as Chief Strategy Officer of ERT, a global data and technology company, from 2016 to 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Coman was Chief Marketing Officer of IQVIA, formerly Quintiles and IMS Health, Inc., a leading global provider of advanced analytics, technology solutions, and clinical research services, where he was also the founder of its Digital Patient business. Prior to Quintiles, Mr. Coman was the Chief Marketing Officer at Dendrite International, a company that develops and services software for the pharmaceutical industry. Earlier in his career, Mr. Coman held a variety of marketing leadership roles in telecommunications, including AOL Local Long Distance (Talk America), Excel Communications, and Aerial Communications. Mr. Coman received a Bachelor of Arts in Advertising from Michigan State University and a Master of Business Administration degree in Marketing, Entrepreneurship, and Finance from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. 
 We believe that Mr. Coman is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his expertise in product and business development and strategy. 
 Mike Zaranek. Mike Zaranek has been Science 37 s Chief Financial Officer since April 2020, where he also serves as a member of our senior executive team. Prior to joining Science 37, Mr. Zaranek served as Vice President, Finance for the Contract Sales and Medical Solutions Global Business unit of IQVIA, a leading global provider of advanced analytics, 
 technology solutions, and clinical research services, from May 2015 to April 2020. Previously, Mike spent almost two decades in corporate development roles. In the aggregate, Mr. Zaranek has experience in excess of 20 billion in inorganic and capital market transactions. Mr. Zaranek received a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from The Pennsylvania State University and a Master of Business Administration degree from Duke University. 
 Jonathan Cotliar. Jonathan Cotliar has been Science 37 s Chief Medical Officer since May 2019. Prior to assuming the role of Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Cotliar served as Vice President of Medical Affairs of Science 37 from November 2016 to May 2019. Dr. Cotliar previously served as director of inpatient dermatology at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center and also previously held full-time faculty appointments at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA, Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, and City of Hope National Medical Center, where he was chief of the Division of Dermatology. Dr. Cotliar received a Bachelor of Arts from Trinity College, a Doctor of Medicine degree from the University of Kentucky College of Medicine, and completed his training in dermatology and internal medicine at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA. While at UCLA, Dr. Cotliar completed an NIH-sponsored K30 Fellowship in translational investigation. He is also board-certified in both internal medicine and dermatology. 
 83 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Darcy Forman. Darcy Forman has been employed by Science 37 since January 2020, when she served as Vice President of Clinical Operations, and has served as Chief Delivery Officer since January 2021. Prior to joining Science 37, Mrs. Forman served as Vice President of Corporate Development of Firma Clinical Research, a contract research company, from July 2016 to September 2019. Mrs. Forman previously served in multiple clinical operations and project management positions at various CROs spanning large, mid-size, and niche including i3 Research (now Syneos), Health Decisions and Clinipace. Prior to that, Mrs. Forman served as Bench Scientist before transitioning to the Clinical Research division of Pfizer, Inc., a pharmaceutical corporation, from June 1997 to January 2007. Mrs. Forman received a Bachelor of Arts in chemistry from Lake Forest College. 
 Christine Pellizzari. Christine Pellizzari has been Science 37 s Chief Legal Officer since July 2021 and its Chief Human Resources Officer since July 2022. Ms. Pellizzari served as the General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Insmed, Inc., a global biopharmaceutical company, from 2013 to 2021 and as Chief Legal Officer from 2018 to July 2021. Prior to joining Insmed, from 2007 through 2012, Ms. Pellizzari held various legal positions of increasing responsibility at Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., most recently as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to Aegerion, Ms. Pellizzari served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Dendrite International, Inc. Ms. Pellizzari joined Dendrite from the law firm of Wilentz, Goldman Spitzer where she specialized in health care transactions and related regulatory matters. She previously served as law clerk to the Honorable Reginald Stanton, Assignment Judge for the Superior Court of New Jersey. Ms. Pellizzari received her Bachelor of Arts, cum laude, from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst and her Juris Doctor degree from the University of Colorado, Boulder. 
 Michael Shipton. Michael Shipton has been Science 37 s Chief Commercial Officer since September 2022. Prior to his position with Science 37, Mr. Shipton served as Senior Vice President, Customer Solutions and Strategy, at Syneos Health, Inc., a biopharmaceutical solutions organization, from 2021 through 2022, and prior to that role, as Senior Vice President, Market Development and Customer Engagement, from 2019 through 2021, and as Vice President, Global Deal Strategy, from 2017 through 2019. Prior to joining Syneos, from 2009 through 2017, Mr. Shipton held various leadership positions at Quintiles Transnational Holdings Inc., a research, clinical trial and pharmaceutical consulting company, most recently as Senior Director, Global Head of Strategic Pricing and Partnering. Prior to Quintiles, Mr. Shipton spent 17 years at Nortel Networks, a communications provider, where he held multiple leadership positions in the areas of finance, global customer care services, global corporate operations and global business services. Mr. Shipton received a Master of Business Administration from Pfeiffer University and a Bachelor of Arts in Business Management from North Carolina State University. 
 Bhooshitha B. De Silva. Bhooshitha B. De Silva has been a director on our Board since October 2021. Mr. De Silva has been Senior Vice President, Global Head of Corporate Development and Strategy, at Pharmaceutical Product Development, a global contract research organization providing drug development, laboratory and lifecycle management services, since 2014. Pharmaceutical Product Development, with its affiliates, is a greater than 5 stockholder of the Company. Prior to that, Mr. De Silva served as Vice President, Corporate Development and Head of International, of Optimer, a materials research, development, and testing laboratory, from 2011 to 2014 and Vice President, Head of Business Development and Strategy, of Pfizer, Inc., a pharmaceutical corporation, from 2000 to 2011. Mr. De Silva received a Master of Engineering degree from Imperial College London in 1995, a Master of Science degree in Economics from the London School of Economics in 1997 and a Master of Science degree in Management Science from Stanford University in 2000. 
 We believe that Mr. De Silva is qualified to serve on our Board based on his extensive operational, managerial and strategic experience. 
 Robert Faulkner. Robert Faulkner has been a director on our Board since October 2021. Mr. Faulkner has been a Managing Director at Redmile Group, LLC, a health care- focused investment firm, since February 2008. Prior to Redmile, Mr. Faulkner was a sell-side equity analyst for 16 years, from 1992 to 2008, including at Hambrecht Quist (now JPMorgan), Thomas Weisel Partners (now Stifel Financial Corp.) and SG Warburg Co. (now UBS). Mr. Faulkner has also served as a director of MedAvail Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: MDVL) since November 2020. Mr. Faulkner received a Bachelor of Arts in Government in 1984 from Harvard College and a Master of Business Administration from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College in 1990. 
 We believe that Mr. Faulkner is qualified to serve on our Board based on his extensive strategic, investment and operational experience in the healthcare industry. 
 John W. Hubbard. John W. Hubbard has been a director on our Board since October 2021. Prior to joining Science 37, Mr. Hubbard was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Bioclinica, Inc., an integrated clinical life science solutions provider, from 2015 to 2018, during which he also served as a member of Bioclinica s board of directors and audit committee. Prior to Bioclinica, Mr. Hubbard held senior executive positions with Pfizer, ICON plc, Parexel, and 
 84 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Hoechst Marion Roussel Pharmaceuticals (now Sanofi). Mr. Hubbard has also served and serves on the boards of directors of various companies, including Agile Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: AGRX) since October 2014, Signant Health (formerly CRF Health and Bracket) since July 2018, where he also serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Advarra, Inc. since July 2019, where he also serves as independent director. Mr. Hubbard currently serves as Healthcare Strategic Advisory Board Member of Genstar Capital, a leading middle-market private equity firm, since 2018. Mr. Hubbard has also served as Chairman of the Science Technology Committee of Agile Therapeutics, from June 2015 to June 2020, where he currently serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee since June 2020, and member of the Audit Committee since January 2015 and the Finance Committee since June 2015. Mr. Hubbard received a Bachelor of Science degree from Santa Clara University and a Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Tennessee. 
 We believe that Mr. Hubbard is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his 35 years of expertise in the healthcare industry, as well as his extensive service in boards and committees of numerous companies. 
 Emily Rollins. Emily Rollins has been a director on our Board since October 2021. Ms. Rollins has served in various positions at Deloitte Touche LLP Deloitte beginning in 1992, including as an Audit and Assurance Partner from 2006 to 2020. At Deloitte, Ms. Rollins served technology, media and life sciences companies and guided hundreds of clients through complex audit and reporting processes. Ms. Rollins also served in positions of increasing responsibility, including leadership roles in Deloitte s U.S. Technology, Media, and Telecommunications industry group, Audit Innovation and Transformation, and Diversity and Inclusion. She led firm-wide initiatives to recruit, develop and retain women and diverse professionals as well as transform and modernize Deloitte s audit platform. Ms. Rollins currently serves on the boards of directors and audit committees of Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (NYSE:DLB) and Xometry, Inc. (Nasdaq: XMTR). In addition, Ms. Rollins serves on the boards of several private companies, non-profit entities and associations. Ms. Rollins is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.A. degree in Accounting and International Relations from Claremont McKenna College. 
 We believe Ms. Rollins is qualified to serve on our Board based on her extensive experience and service as a director at numerous companies. 
 Neil Tiwari. Neil Tiwari has been a director on our Board since October 2021. Mr. Tiwari has served as a Partner of Private Healthcare Ventures at Magnetar Capital, a global hedge fund with over 14 billion of assets under management, based in Evanston, IL, since May 2021. Prior to this role, Mr. Tiwari served as Managing Director of dRx Capital, the digital health venture arm for Novartis, a global healthcare company based in Switzerland, from April 2019 to May 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Tiwari served as Principal of dRx Capital from September 2017 to April 2019, and served in senior product development roles from April 2015 to September 2017. Mr. Tiwari has served on the boards of directors of multiple companies, where he also served as a member of the Compensation and Mergers and Acquisitions Committees. Mr. Tiwari received a Bachelor of Science degree in Biomedical Engineering from Northwestern University in 2008, a Master of Science degree in Biomedical Engineering from Northwestern University in 2008 and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley in 2018. 
 We believe that Mr. Tiwari is qualified to serve on our Board based on his expertise in the healthcare industry, as well as his extensive service in boards and committees of numerous companies. 
 Paul von Autenried. Paul von Autenried has been a director on our Board since September 2022 . Mr. von Autenried served as the Chief Information Officer and an Executive Committee member of Bristol Myers Squibb Company, a publicly-traded biopharmaceutical company from 2011 through 2022, and prior to that role, he held various leadership positions since 1996. Prior to joining Bristol Myers Squibb, from 1991 through 1996, he served as Director of Technology at Kraft General Foods. Mr. von Autenried received a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering degree and a Master of Science in Computer Science degree from Stevens Institute of Technology in 1983 and 1986, respectively. Mr. von Autenried is a board member of QuickBase, and a board advisor for several other privately held technology companies, including Intelepeer, SafeGuard Cyber, and Dotmatics. Mr. von Autenried has also served on the board of several non-profit entities, and is currently on the board of PennMedicine Princeton Healthcare. 
 We believe that Mr. von Autenried is qualified to serve on our Board based on his extensive operational and managerial experience, including in the healthcare industry. 
 85 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Family Relationships 
 There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors. 
 Board Composition 
 Our Board of Directors currently consists of seven members: David Coman, Bhooshitha B. De Silva, Robert Faulkner, John W. Hubbard, Emily Rollins, Neil Tiwari and Paul von Autenried. Effective September 30, 2022, Adam Goulburn resigned from the Board of Directors and the Board appointed Paul von Autenried as a Class II director to fill the vacancy left by Mr. Goulburn s resignation. Mr. Goulburn had served as an independent director and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee since 2021. As set forth in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors is currently divided into three classes with staggered, three-year terms. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the successors to directors whose terms then expire will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following election. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the Board of Directors. The division of our Board of Directors into three classes with staggered three-year terms may delay or prevent a change of our management or a change in control of our Company. Our directors may be removed only for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds in voting power of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors. 
 Pursuant to the Director Nomination Agreement (as described further below under Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence), one independent director was designated by certain affiliates of Redmile Group, LLC, who is Robert Faulkner, and one independent director was designated by Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC, who is Bhooshitha B. De Silva. 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 As of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are no legal proceedings, and during the past ten years there have been no legal proceedings, that are material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of any of our directors, director nominees or executive officers. 
 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 We have a separately designated standing audit committee Audit Committee that consists of Emily Rollins, Neil Tiwari and Paul von Autenried. Ms. Rollins serves as the Chairperson of the committee. Our Board has affirmatively determined that each of Ms. Rollins, Mr. Tiwari and Mr. von Autenried qualifies as independent for purposes of serving on an audit committee under Rule 10A-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act and Nasdaq s additional standards applicable to Audit Committee members. The members of our Audit Committee meet the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable Nasdaq rules. In addition, our Board of Directors has determined that Ms. Rollins qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K, and under the similar Nasdaq rules requirement that the Audit Committee have a financially sophisticated member. 
 Code of Conduct 
 We have a written Code of Conduct that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We have posted a current copy of the Code of Conduct on our website, www.science37.com , in the Investor Relations section under Corporate Governance. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or the rules of Nasdaq concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code of Conduct. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 This section discusses the material components of the executive compensation program for our executive officers who are named in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table below. In 2022, our named executive officers and their positions were as follows: 
 David Coman, our Chief Executive Officer; 
 Darcy Forman, our Chief Delivery Officer; and 
 Christine Pellizzari, our Chief Legal and Human Resources Officer. 
 86 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 2022 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our named executive officers for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Name and Principal Position (1) 
 Year Salary ) Stock Awards ) (2) 
 Option Awards ) (3) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) (4) 
 All Other Compensation ) (5) 
 Total ) David Coman 2022 550,000 3,044,998 4,221,728 137,500 108,628 8,062,855 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 435,227 3,013,314 4,632,383 289,500 62,321 8,432,745 Darcy Forman 2022 400,000 1,777,174 1,601,343 96,000 54,580 3,929,097 Chief Delivery Officer 
 Christine Pellizzari 
 2022 400,008 2,327,624 1,802,379 96,000 25,568 4,651,579 Chief Legal and Human Resources Officer 
 2021 192,574 53,162 6,744,384 200,000 6,743 7,196,863 
 ______________ 
 (1) Ms. Forman became a named executive officer for the first time in 2022. 
 (2) Amounts represent the aggregate grant-date fair value of the restricted stock units granted to each of our named executive officers in 2022 and the Earn-Out Shares (as defined below) granted to Mr. Coman and Ms. Pellizzari in 2021, in each case, computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Assumptions used to calculate the grant date fair value of restricted stock units are included in Note 18 in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Earn-Out Shares may be issuable to each named executive officer with respect to outstanding stock options held by the executive as of the consummation of the Business Combination if a Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs within the Earn-Out Period (as defined below), subject to the executive s continued services through the time of such Triggering Event. The Earn-Out Shares will also be earned and issuable in the event of a change in control during the Earn-Out Period that results in the holders of our common stock receiving a per-share price equal to or in excess of any Triggering Event threshold. The Earn-Out Shares are described below under Narrative to Summary Compensation Table - Equity Compensation. 
 We have determined that the contingent obligation to issue Earn-out Shares to former Legacy Science 37 option holders, including the named executive officers, falls within the scope of ASC Topic 718 for stock-based compensation transactions because the option holders are required to continue providing service until the occurrence of the applicable Triggering Event. The fair value of the Earn-Out Shares was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model using a distribution of potential outcomes over the Earn-Out Period using the most reliable information available. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 17 in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (3) Amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted to our named executive officers computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Assumptions used to calculate these amounts are included in Note 18 in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (4) Amounts represent bonuses earned by each named executive officer under our annual bonus plan and paid in cash. For additional information on these payments, see Narrative to Summary Compensation Table - Bonuses below. 
 (5) Amount reported in this column for 2022 consist of the following: 
 Name 401(k) plan matching contributions Housing reimburse- ments Group life insurance premiums paid by employer Payment for paid-time-off accrual Imputed income for supplemental individual disability insurance David Coman 13,500 33,760 462 49,712 11,194 Darcy Forman 8,822 462 39,747 5,549 Christine Pellizzari 462 16,935 8,171 
 In 2022, Mr. Coman waived his payment for his paid-time-off accrual. 
 (6) Ms. Pellizzari commenced employment as our Chief Legal Officer, effective as of July 8, 2021. This amount represents the base salary amount received by Ms. Pellizzari during fiscal year 2021, which was pro-rated for the time served in her position during fiscal year 2021. 
 87 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Narrative to Summary Compensation Table 
 2022 Salaries 
 The named executive officers receive a base salary to compensate them for services rendered to our Company. The base salary payable to each named executive officer is intended to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting the executive s skill set, experience, role and responsibilities. The base salaries of our named executive officers are reviewed from time to time and adjusted when our Board or Compensation Committee determines an adjustment is appropriate. 
 No changes were made to the annual base salaries of our named executive officers during 2022. Accordingly, for 2022, the base salaries of Mr. Coman and Ms. Forman, which were most recently adjusted in October 2021, remained at 550,000 and 400,000, respectively, and the base salary of Ms. Pellizzari, which was established in July 2021, remained at 400,000. 
 2022 Bonuses 
 We maintained an annual performance-based cash bonus program for 2022 in which each of our named executive officers participated. Bonus payments under the 2022 bonus program were determined based on achievement of certain corporate performance goals approved by the Compensation Committee (and with respect to our Chief Executive Officer, such goals approved by the Board), subject to the applicable executive s continued employment through the payment date and subject to the Compensation Committee s discretion (or Board s discretion with respect to our Chief Executive Officer) to allow for individual adjustments based on the achievement of certain strategic and operational initiatives. 
 Each named executive officer has a target bonus opportunity, defined as a percentage of his annual base salary. The annual target bonuses for 2022 for Mr. Coman, Ms. Forman and Ms. Pellizzari, expressed as a percentage of base salary, were 100 , 50 and 50 , respectively. 
 Under our 2022 annual bonus program, each named executive officer s target bonus was based on the attainment of the following performance metrics: (i) net bookings (weighted at twenty-five percent (25 )), (ii) revenue (weighted at twenty-five percent (25 )), (iii) adjusted EBITDA, (weighted at twenty-five percent (25 )), and (iv) strategic and operational initiatives of top line growth, customer success, innovation and quality, and governance, (collectively weighted at twenty-five percent (25 and subject to the discretionary assessment by the Compensation Committee or Board). Earned bonuses under the 2022 bonus program were paid following the end of calendar year 2022. The actual aggregate bonuses paid to our named executives under our 2022 bonus program, as determined by our Board based on the level at which the applicable performance goals were attained, are set forth above in the Summary Compensation Table in the column titled Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation . 
 Equity Compensation 
 In connection with the Business Combination, the Board adopted, and our stockholders approved, the Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the 2021 Plan in order to facilitate the grant of cash and equity incentives to directors, employees (including our named executive officers) and consultants of our Company and certain of our affiliates and to enable our Company and certain of our affiliates to obtain and retain services of these individuals, which is essential to our long-term success. Equity awards under the 2021 Plan are at-risk compensation and are designed to provide our executives with a continuing stake in our long-term success. 
 In January 2022, the Board granted stock options under the 2021 Plan to each of Mr. Coman, Ms. Forman and Ms. Pellizzari covering 557,692 , 211,538 and 238,095 shares of our Common Stock, respectively, at an exercise price of 11.47 per share (collectively, the January 2022 Options ). The January 2022 Options will vest and become exercisable as to 25 of the underlying shares subject to the option on the first anniversary of the grant date, and with respect to 1/48th of the shares subject to the option on each monthly anniversary thereafter, for a total vesting period of 4 years, subject to the applicable executive s continued service through the applicable vesting date. If an executive s employment is terminated by us without cause , or for Mr. Coman or Ms. Pellizzari, by such executive for good reason, (as each such term is defined in the applicable offer letter or employment agreement), in either case, within thirty days prior to, or twelve months following, a change in control (as defined in the 2021 Plan), then all of the January 2022 Options then-held by such executive will become vested and exercisable in full. 
 88 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 In May 2022, in connection with Ms. Pellizzari s increased corporate responsibilities, Ms. Pellizzari was granted a restricted stock unit award representing 50,000 shares of our Common Stock under our 2021 Plan, which will vest ratably over three years until fully vested on May 20, 2025 , subject to Ms. Pellizzari s continued employment through each applicable vesting date. If Ms. Pellizzari s employment is terminated by us without cause or by Ms. Pellizzari for good reason (each as defined in Ms. Pellizzari s employment agreement), in either case, within thirty days prior to, or twelve months following, a change in control (as defined in Ms. Pellizzari s employment agreement), then all of the restricted stock units then-held by Ms. Pellizzari will become vested in full. 
 In August 2022, as an acceleration of 2023 annual equity grants that would typically be awarded in early 2023 as well as targeted grants for retention purposes, the Compensation Committee (and with respect to our Chief Executive Officer, the Board) granted restricted stock unit awards under the 2021 Plan to each of Mr. Coman. Ms. Forman and Ms. Pellizzari representing 1,485,365 , 866 ,914 and 1,066,646 shares of our Common Stock, respectively, (collectively, the August 2022 RSUs ). The August 2022 RSUs will vest ratably over three years until fully vested on August 12, 2025 , subject to the applicable executive s continued service through the applicable vesting date. If an executive s employment is terminated by us without cause , or for Mr. Coman or Ms. Pellizzari, by such executive for good reason, (as each such term is defined in the applicable offer letter or employment agreement), in either case, within thirty days prior to, or twelve months following, a change in control (as defined in the 2021 Plan), then all of the August 2022 RSUs then-held by such executive will become vested in full. 
 The following table sets forth the stock options and restricted stock units granted to our named executive officers in the 2022 fiscal year. 
 Named Executive Officer 2022 Stock Options Granted 2022 RSUs Granted David Coman 557,692 1,485,365 Darcy Forman 211,538 866,914 Christine Pellizzari 238,095 1,116,646 
 Earn-Out Shares 
 Former holders of shares of Legacy Science 37 common stock (including shares received as a result of the conversion of Legacy Science 37 preferred stock) and former holders of options to purchase shares of Legacy Science 37 are entitled to receive a pro rata share of up to 12,500,000 additional shares of our common stock (the Earn-Out Shares if, during the three years following the consummation of the Business Combination (the Earn-Out Period ), the volume weighted average share price of our common stock equals or exceeds the thresholds set forth below for a period of at least 20 days out of 30 consecutive trading days (each, a Triggering Event ). The number of Earn-Out Shares issued upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event will be determined as follows: 
 If the volume weighted average share price is equal to or greater than 15.00, a one-time aggregate issuance of 5,000,000 Earn-Out Shares will be made; and 
 If the volume weighted average share price is equal to or greater than 20.00, a one-time aggregate issuance of 7,500,000 Earn-Out Shares will be made. 
 In respect of former holders of Legacy Science 37 options, receipt of the Earn-Out Shares is subject to continued services to the Company or one of its subsidiaries at the time of the applicable Triggering Event. If there is a change of control of Science 37 during the Earn-Out Period that will result in the holders of our common stock receiving a per share price equal to or in excess of any Triggering Event threshold, then immediately prior to such change of control, any Triggering Event that has not previously occurred shall be deemed to have occurred and Science 37 shall issue the Earn-Out Shares to the former holders of shares of Legacy Science 37 Common Stock and former holders of Legacy Science 37 options in accordance with their respective pro rata shares. The Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End table below shows the number of Earn-Out Shares each named executive officer is eligible to earn in respect of Legacy Science 37 stock options that were held immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 Other Elements of Compensation 
 Retirement Plan 
 We currently maintain a 401(k) retirement savings plan for our employees, including our named executive officers, who satisfy certain eligibility requirements. Our named executive officers are eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan on the same terms as other full-time employees. The Code allows eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation, 
 89 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 within prescribed limits, on a pre-tax basis through contributions to the 401(k) plan. In 2022, we made discretionary matching contributions in respect of certain contributions made by participants in the 401(k) plan (up to a specified percentage of the employee contributions), and any such matching contributions will become fully vested after an employee has provided one (1) year of service. We believe that providing a vehicle for tax-deferred retirement savings through our 401(k) plan adds to the overall desirability of our executive compensation package and further incentivizes our employees, including our named executive officers, in accordance with our compensation policies. 
 Employee Benefits 
 All of our full-time employees, including our named executive officers, are eligible to participate in our health and welfare plans, including: 
 medical, dental and vision benefits; 
 medical and dependent care flexible spending accounts; 
 short-term and long-term disability insurance; 
 life insurance; and 
 employee assistance program. 
 We believe the benefits described above are necessary and appropriate to provide a competitive compensation package to our named executive officers. 
 No Tax Gross-Ups 
 We do not make gross-up payments to cover our named executive officers personal income taxes that may pertain to any of the compensation or perquisites paid or provided by our company. 
 90 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 The following table summarizes the number of shares of Science 37 s common stock underlying outstanding equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer as of December 31, 2022. 
 Option Awards Stock Awards Name Grant Date Vesting Start Date (1)(2) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Unearned Shares That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares That Have Not Vested ) (4) 
 David Coman 4/22/2020 11/18/2019 2,800,183 1,048,366 0.28 4/21/2030 10/6/2021 484,063 (3) 
 200,983 10/7/2021 10/7/2021 286,252 695,185 10.05 10/6/2031 1/7/2022 1/7/2022 557,692 11.47 1/7/2032 8/12/2022 8/12/2022 1,485,365 616,724 Darcy Forman 1/23/2020 1/6/2020 56,729 36,875 0.40 1/22/2030 6/8/2020 6/5/2020 17,018 51,057 0.28 6/7/2030 1/21/2021 1/21/2021 65,238 70,912 0.82 1/21/2031 10/6/2021 44,925 (3) 
 18,653 10/7/2021 10/7/2021 297,719 723,035 10.05 10/6/2031 1/7/2022 1/7/2022 211,538 11.47 1/7/2032 8/12/2022 8/12/2022 866,914 359,943 Christine Pellizzari 7/21/2021 7/8/2021 450,053 820,686 9.48 7/20/2031 10/6/2021 8,540 (3) 3,546 10/7/2021 7/8/2021 87,479 159,521 10.05 10/6/2031 1/7/2022 1/7/2022 238,095 11.47 1/7/2032 5/20/2022 5/20/2022 50,000 20,760 8/12/2022 8/12/2022 1,066,646 442,871 _____________ 
 
 (1) Stock options vest with respect to 25 of the shares underlying such option on the first anniversary of the applicable vesting start date, and with respect to 1/48th of the underlying shares on each monthly anniversary of the applicable vesting start date thereafter, for a total vesting period of 4 years, subject to the applicable executive s continued service through the applicable vesting date. RSUs vest ratably over three years until fully vested on the third anniversary of the applicable vesting start date, subject to the applicable executive s continued service through the applicable vesting date. 
 (2) If the applicable executive s employment is terminated by Science 37 without cause or, for Mr. Coman and Ms. Pellizzari, by the executive for good reason, in either case, within thirty days prior to or twelve months following a change in control, such executive s stock options and restricted stock units will vest and become fully exercisable. 
 (3) Represents the Earn-Out Shares each named executive officer is eligible to receive with respect to Legacy Science 37 stock options that were held by the executive immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, if a Triggering Event occurs within the Earn-Out Period, subject to the executive s continued services through the time of such Triggering Event. The Earn-Out Shares will also be earned and issuable in the event of a change in control during the Earn-Out Period that results in the holders of our common stock receiving a per-share price equal to or in excess of any Triggering Event threshold. The Earn-Out Shares are described above under Narrative to Summary Compensation Table - Equity Compensation . 
 (4) The market value was computed using 0.4152 per share, which is the closing price per share of our Common Stock on December 31, 2022. 
 91 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 
 Employment Arrangements 
 During 2022, we were party to offer of employment letters with each of Mr. Coman and Ms. Forman and an employment agreement with Ms. Pellizzari, the material terms of which are summarized below. 
 David Coman Offer Letter 
 We entered into an employment offer letter with Mr. Coman in November 2019, pursuant to which Mr. Coman serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Coman s offer letter sets forth the terms and conditions of his employment, including his initial base salary, target annual bonus opportunity and eligibility to participate in our employee benefit plans. Mr. Coman s offer letter also provides for company reimbursement of travel expenses incurred in connection with Mr. Coman s travel from his residence in North Carolina to Science 37 s office in Los Angeles, California and for rental housing expenses in Los Angeles, California, in each case, for up to 24 months following his commencement of employment with Science 37. 
 Mr. Coman s offer letter provides for his participation in Science 37 s Severance Policy as a C-Level employee, as defined in the Severance Policy. Mr. Coman will become entitled to severance benefits under the Severance Policy if his employment is terminated by Science 37 without cause (as defined in the Severance Policy) or if Mr. Coman resigns for good reason (as defined in Mr. Coman s offer letter). For a description of the Severance Policy, see the section below entitled Executive Compensation Arrangements Severance Policy. 
 Pursuant to the terms of his offer letter, Mr. Coman also entered into a separate agreement which includes a standard invention assignment, confidential information covenant, an employee non-solicitation covenant for one (1) year following the termination of Mr. Coman s employment, and a covenant not to compete with Science 37 during the term of Mr. Coman s employment. 
 Darcy Forman Offer Letter 
 We entered into an employment offer letter with Ms. Forman in November 2019, pursuant to which Ms. Forman serves as our Chief Delivery Officer. Ms. Forman's offer letter sets forth the terms and conditions of her employment, including her initial base salary, target annual bonus opportunity and eligibility to participate in our employee benefit plans. Ms. Forman's offer letter does not provide for severance upon a termination of her employment; however, Ms. Forman participates in our Severance Policy. For a description of the Severance Policy, see the section below entitled Executive Compensation Arrangements Severance Policy . 
 Pursuant to the terms of her offer letter, Ms. Forman also entered into a separate agreement which includes a standard invention assignment, confidential information covenant, an employee non-solicitation covenant for one (1) year following the termination of Ms. Forman's employment, and a covenant not to compete with Science 37 during the term of Ms. Forman's employment. 
 Christine Pellizzari Employment Agreement 
 We entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Pellizzari in July 2021, pursuant to which Ms. Pellizzari serves as our Chief Legal Officer. Ms. Pellizzari s offer letter sets forth the terms and conditions of her employment, including her initial base salary, target annual bonus opportunity and eligibility to participate in Science 37 s equity incentive plan and other employee benefit plans. 
 Ms. Pellizzari s employment agreement provides that upon a termination of Ms. Pellizzari s employment by Science 37 without cause , or by Ms. Pellizzari for good reason, as each such term is defined in her employment agreement, (i) Ms. Pellizzari will be entitled to receive twelve months of her then-current base salary, as well as her full target annual bonus for the year of termination, both payable in equal monthly installments during the twelve-month period following such termination, and (ii) solely if the termination occurs thirty days prior to, or twelve months following, a change in control, all of her equity awards that are outstanding and unvested as of the date of such termination will accelerate and vest in full upon such termination. Ms. Pellizzari also participates in our Severance Policy, which provides that if Ms. Pellizzari becomes entitled to severance under both her employment agreement and the Severance Policy, she will receive the greater of the severance under her employment agreement or the severance under the Severance Policy. For a description of the Severance Policy, see the section below entitled Executive Compensation Arrangements Severance Policy. 
 92 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Pursuant to the terms of her employment agreement, Ms. Pellizzari also entered into a separate agreement which includes a standard invention assignment, confidential information covenant, an employee non-solicitation covenant for one (1) year following the termination of Ms. Pellizzari s employment, and a covenant not to compete with Science 37 during the term of Ms. Pellizzari s employment. 
 Severance Policy 
 In October 2021, the Board adopted the Executive Severance Policy (the Severance Policy under which Science 37 s Chief Executive Officer and other members of Science 37 s senior executive team, including our named executive officers, are eligible to receive certain severance payments and benefits upon a termination of employment without cause (as defined in the Severance Policy). The Severance Policy is administered by the Compensation Committee, which has the authority to (among other things) determine who will be eligible for payments and benefits under the Severance Policy. 
 The Severance Policy provides that, in the event that an applicable executive s employment with Science 37 is terminated without cause more than thirty days before or more than twelve months after a change in control of Science 37 (as defined in the 2021 Plan), he or she will receive the following severance payments and benefits: (i) six months continued payment of base salary, (ii) any earned, unpaid annual bonus for the calendar year immediately prior to the year in which the termination occurs, and (iii) Company-subsidized COBRA coverage for up to six months following termination. 
 In the event that the applicable executive s employment is terminated without cause within thirty days before or twelve months after a change in control, he or she will instead receive the following severance payments and benefits: (i) twelve months continued payment of base salary, (ii) any earned, unpaid annual bonus for the calendar year immediately prior to the year in which the termination occurs, (iii) a pro-rated target cash performance bonus for the calendar year in which the termination occurs, (iv) Company-subsidized COBRA coverage for up to twelve months following termination, and (v) full acceleration of all then-outstanding equity awards held by such executive. 
 If an executive participating in the Severance Policy is eligible to receive severance benefits or payments under an individual employment agreement, severance agreement or offer letter or, if he or she resides outside of the United States, under applicable law, then such executive will receive the greater of his or her individual severance provided under any individual arrangement or under applicable law (as applicable) or the severance under the Severance Policy, so long as the executive does not receive a duplication of benefits. 
 All payments and benefits under the Severance Policy are subject to the applicable executive s timely execution and non-revocation of a release of claims in favor of Science 37 and continued compliance with applicable restrictive covenants. 
 The Severance Policy contains an Internal Revenue Code Section 280G best pay provision, pursuant to which any payments or benefits under the Severance Policy will be paid in full or reduced to the extent that such payments and benefits will not be subject to the excise tax under Internal Revenue Code Section 4999, whichever results in the better after-tax treatment for the applicable executive. 
 
 2022 Director Compensation Table 
 In connection with the Business Combination, we adopted a non-employee director compensation program which provides for annual cash retainer fees and long-term equity awards for our eligible non-employee directors. For details of our director compensation program, see Director Compensation Program below. Our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Coman, does not receive any additional compensation for serving on our Board. 
 93 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 The following table sets forth compensation earned by our non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) (2) 
 Total ) Bhooshitha B. De Silva (3) 
 Robert Faulkner (4) 
 90,000 124,998 214,998 Adam Goulburn, PhD (5) 
 30,000 124,998 154,998 John W. Hubbard 
 55,000 124,998 179,998 Emily Rollins 
 60,000 124,998 184,998 Neil Tiwari 
 40,000 124,998 164,998 Paul von Autenried 10,000 83,332 93,332 __________________ 
 (1) Cash retainers paid to our non-employee directors for 2022 were pro-rated for any partial calendar quarter of service. 
 (2) Amounts represent the aggregate grant-date fair value of the restricted stock unit awards granted to each non-employee director during 2022 computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718.Assumptions used to calculate these amounts are discussed in Note 18 in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Initial Award (defined below) paid to our non-employee director, Mr. von Autenried, for 2022 was pro-rated for partial calendar quarter of service. 
 (3) Mr. De Silva waived his non-employee director compensation for 2022. 
 (4) Mr. Faulkner's cash retainer for 2022 was paid to Red Mile Group LLC. 
 (5) 6,700 of Mr. Goulburn's cash retainer for 2022 was paid to Lux Capital Management LLC, with the remainder paid to Mr. Goulburn. 
 The table below shows the aggregate numbers of unexercised option awards (exercisable and unexercisable) and the aggregate number of unvested restricted stock unit awards held as of December 31, 2022 by each non-employee director who was serving as of December 31, 2022: 
 Name Unexercised Options at Fiscal Year End 
 Unvested RSUs at Fiscal Year End Robert Faulkner 
 41,363 40,983 John W. Hubbard 
 431,481 40,983 Emily Rollins 
 27,575 40,983 Neil Tiwari 
 27,575 40,983 Paul von Autenried 
 46,040 
 Director Compensation Program 
 Our non-employee director compensation program (the Director Compensation Program ), which became effective upon the closing of the Business Combination, is designed to attract and retain highly qualified directors and align their interests with those of our shareholders. The material terms of the Director Compensation Program are set forth below. 
 Our Director Compensation Program consists of the following cash retainers for each of our non-employee directors for their service on the Board: (i) an annual cash retainer of 40,000; and (ii) if the non-employee director serves as the chairperson/lead independent director or chair of a committee of the Board, an additional annual retainer as follows: (A) 40,000 for the chairperson/lead independent director; (B) 20,000 for the chair of the audit committee; (C) 15,000 for the chair of the compensation committee; or (D) 10,000 for the chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Annual cash retainers are paid quarterly in arrears and are pro-rated for any partial calendar quarter of service. 
 Under the Director Compensation Program, each non-employee director who is initially elected or appointed to serve on the Board will receive (A) if elected or appointed as chairperson or lead director, an equity award with a grant date fair value of 187,500 (as determined under the program); or (B) if elected or appointed in in any other position(s) on the Board, an equity award with a grant date fair value of 125,000 (as determined under the program) (in either case, an Initial Award ). The Initial Award will be pro-rated based on the director s length of service during the first year of his or 
 94 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 her election or appointment. Each non-employee director who has served on the Board as of the date of an annual meeting of stockholders and will continue to serve as a non-employee director immediately following such meeting will receive an equity award with a grant-date fair value of approximately 125,000 (as determined under the program) (the Annual Award ). 
 The Board will determine the type(s) of award to be granted as Initial Awards and Annual Awards (collectively Director Awards on or prior to the applicable grant date. The number of shares of our Common Stock subject to any Director Award that is a stock option will be determined by dividing the dollar value of such Director Award by the Black-Scholes value of a share of our Common Stock as of the applicable grant date. The number of shares of our Common Stock subject to any other type of Director Award (including restricted stock units) granted under the Director Compensation Program be determined by dividing the dollar value of such Director Award by the closing price of our Common Stock as of the applicable grant date. Any stock options granted under the Director Compensation Program will have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant and will expire not later than ten years after the date of grant. 
 Each Director Award will vest in full on the earlier of the first anniversary of the applicable grant date and the date of our next annual shareholder meeting following the grant date, subject to the applicable director s continued service on the Board through the applicable vesting date. In addition, Director Awards will vest in full upon a change in control (as defined in the 2021 Plan) if the non-employee will not become a member of the Board or the board of directors of Science 37 s successor (or any parent thereof) following such change in control. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to holdings of our common stock by (i) stockholders who beneficially owned more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock, and (ii) each of our directors (which includes director nominees), each of our named executive officers and all directors and executive officers as a group as of February 27, 2023, unless otherwise indicated. The number of shares beneficially owned by each stockholder is determined under rules issued by the SEC. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which a person has sole or shared voting power or investment power. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 116,462,029 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 27, 2023. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to options, or other rights held by such person that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable or will vest within 60 days of February 27, 2023 are considered outstanding, although these shares are not considered outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed below is c/o Science 37 Holdings, Inc., 800 Park Offices Drive, Suite 3606, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina 27709. We believe, based on information provided to us, that each of the stockholders listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by the stockholder unless noted otherwise, subject to community property laws where applicable. 
 95 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP TABLE Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares 
 of Ownership 
 5 Holders Entities affiliated with Redmile Group, LLC (1) 
 19,808,234 17.0 Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC (2) 
 17,379,797 14.9 Entities affiliated with Lux Capital (3) 
 12,249,889 10.5 Directors and Executive Officers 
 David Coman (4) 
 4,449,860 3.8 Mike Zaranek (5) 
 1,119,691 1.0 Jonathan Cotliar (6) 
 1,051,623 Darcy Forman (7) 
 732,366 Christine Pellizzari (8) 
 743,414 Michael Shipton 0 John W. Hubbard (9) 
 313,675 Neil Tiwari (10) 
 27,575 Robert Faulkner (11) 
 41,363 Bhooshitha B. De Silva 0 Emily Rollins (12) 
 27,575 Paul von Autenried 0 All directors and executive officers as a group (12 individuals) (13) 
 8,507,142 7.3 __________________ 
 Less than 1 . 
 (1) Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2022, consists of: (a) 467,380 shares of common stock held by RAF, L.P., (b) 7,252,571 shares of common stock held by Redmile Private Investments II, L.P., (c) 616,055 shares of common stock held by Redmile Strategic Master Fund, LP, and (d) 11,472,228 shares of common stock held by RedCo II Master Fund, L.P. Redmile Group, LLC is the investment manager/adviser to each of the private investment vehicles listed in items (a) through (d) (collectively, the Redmile Funds and, in such capacity, exercises voting and investment power over all of the securities held by the Redmile Funds and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of these securities. Jeremy C. Green serves as the managing member of Redmile Group, LLC and also may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of these shares. Redmile Group, LLC, Mr. Green and Robert Faulkner each disclaim beneficial ownership of these shares, except to the extent of its or his pecuniary interest in such shares, if any. The address of the Redmile Funds, Mr. Green and Mr. Faulkner is c/o Redmile Group, LLC, One Letterman Dr., Building D, Suite D3-300, San Francisco, CA 94129. 
 (2) Based on a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on December 20, 2021, Wildcat Acquisition Holdings (UK) Limited Wildcat is the sole member of Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC; Jaguar Holding Company II Jaguar II is the sole shareholder of Wildcat; Jaguar Holding Company I, LLC Jaguar I is the sole shareholder of Jaguar II; Eagle Holding Company II, LLC Eagle II is the sole member of Jaguar I; PPD, Inc. PPD is the sole member of Eagle II; Thermo Fisher Scientific Powder US Holdings Corp. Powder Holdings is the sole shareholder of PPD; and Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Thermo Fisher ), a Delaware corporation, is the ultimate parent entity of Powder Holdings. By virtue of such relationships, each may be deemed to have beneficial ownership over such securities, and each disclaim beneficial ownership of such securities, except to the extent of its or their pecuniary interest therein, if any. The principal office of Wildcat is 11 Granta Park, Cambridge CB21 6GQ, United Kingdom, the principal office of each of PPD, Eagle II, Jaguar I, Jaguar II and Pharma LLC is 929 North Front Street, Wilmington, North Carolina 28401 and the principal office of each of Thermo Fisher and Powder Holdings is 168 Third Avenue, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451. 
 (3) Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022, consists of (a) 3,505,890 shares of common stock held by Lux Co-Invest Opportunities, L.P. and (b) 8,743,999 shares of common stock held by Lux Ventures IV, L.P. Lux Co-Invest Partners, LLC is the general partner of Lux Co-Invest Opportunities, L.P. and exercises voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Lux Co-Invest Opportunities, L.P. Lux Venture Partners IV, LLC is the 
 96 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 general partner of Lux Ventures IV, L.P. and exercises voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Lux Ventures IV, L.P. Peter Hebert and Joshua Wolfe are the individual managing members of Lux Venture Partners IV, LLC and Lux Co-Invest Partners, LLC (the Individual Lux Managers ). The Individual Lux Managers, as the sole managers of Lux Venture Partners IV, LLC and Lux Co-Invest Partners, LLC, may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power for the shares held by Lux Ventures IV, L.P. and Lux Co-Invest Opportunities, L.P. Each of Lux Venture Partners IV, LLC, Lux Co-Invest Partners, LLC and the Individual Lux Managers separately disclaim beneficial ownership over the shares noted herein except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. The address for these entities and individuals is c/o Lux Capital Management, 920 Broadway, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10010. 
 (4) Represents 726,137 shares of common stock and 3,723,723 options to purchase shares of common stock. 
 (5) Represents 1,119,691 options to purchase shares of common stock. 
 (6) Represents 686,768 shares of common stock and 364,855 options to purchase shares of common stock. 
 (7) Represents 110,456 shares of common stock and 621,910 options to purchase shares of common stock. 
 (8) Represents 5,000 shares of common stock and 738,414 options to purchase shares of common stock. 
 (9) Represents 313,675 options to purchase shares of common stock. 
 (10) Represents 27,575 options to purchase shares of common stock. 
 (11) Represents 41,363 options to purchase shares of common stock. Pursuant to the internal policies of Redmile Group, LLC, Mr. Faulkner holds these options as a nominee on behalf, and for the sole benefit, of Redmile Group, LLC and has assigned all economic, pecuniary and voting rights in respect of the stock options to Redmile Group, LLC. 
 (12) Represents 27,575 options to purchase shares of common stock. 
 (13) Represents 1,528,361 shares of common stock and 6,978,781 options to purchase shares of common stock. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (as of December 31, 2022) 
 Plan category: Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights (3) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excludes securities reflected in first column) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by 
 security holders (1) 
 34,467,855 6.16 4,272,166 Equity compensation plans not approved by 
 security holders (2) 
 10,000 0.56 990,000 Total 34,477,855 6.16 5,262,166 
 (1) Consists of the 2015 Stock Plan (the 2015 Plan ), the 2021 Plan, the 2021 ESPP, and the Earn-Out Shares issued in accordance with the Merger Agreement to former holders of Legacy Science 37 options to purchase shares of Legacy Science 37. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan will increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, by a number equal to the lesser of (i) a number equal to five percent (5 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) such smaller number of shares of common stock as is determined by the board of directors. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2021 ESPP will also increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031 by a equal to the lesser of (a) one percent (1 of the aggregate number of shares of common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) such smaller number of shares of common stock as determined by the board of directors. 
 (2) Consists of the 2022 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan, which does not include any annual increase provisions. This plan allows the Company to grant inducement stock-based awards to newly hired employees in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. 
 97 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 (3) Represents the weighted average exercise price of outstanding stock options and does not take into account restricted stock unit awards, which do not have an exercise price, or shares to be purchased under the employee stock purchase plan, the exercise price of which will not be known until the end of the offering period. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 
 Our board of directors has adopted a related person transaction policy that sets forth our procedures for the identification, review, consideration and approval or ratification of related person transactions. For purposes of our policy, a related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, in which we and any related person are, were or will be participants in which the amount involved exceeds 120,000 in any fiscal year and a related person has, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest in such transaction; provided that , if the Company qualifies as a smaller reporting company pursuant to SEC rules, a related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which the Company (including any of its subsidiaries) was, is or will be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of (1) 120,000 or (2) one percent of the average of the Company s total assets at fiscal year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Transactions involving compensation for services provided to us as an employee or director are considered pre-approved. A related person is any executive officer, director or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities and any of their respective immediate family members and any entity owned or controlled by such persons. 
 Under our policy, our finance team is primarily responsible for developing and implementing processes and procedures to obtain information regarding related persons with respect to potential related person transactions and then determining, based on the facts and circumstances, whether such potential related person transactions do, in fact, constitute related person transactions requiring compliance with the policy. In addition, any potential related person transaction that is proposed to be entered into by the Company must be reported to the Company s Chief Financial Officer (or his or her designee) by both the related person and the person at the Company responsible for such potential related person transaction. If our finance team determines that a transaction or relationship is a related person transaction requiring compliance with the policy, our Chief Financial Officer is required to present to the Audit Committee all relevant facts and circumstances relating to the related person transaction, including whether the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s length dealings with an unrelated third party, whether the transaction arose in the ordinary course of business, and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction, taking into account the conflicts of interest and corporate opportunity provisions of the Company s Code of Conduct, and either approve or disapprove the related person transaction. 
 If advance Audit Committee approval of a related person transaction requiring the Audit Committee's approval is not feasible, then the transaction may be preliminarily entered into by management upon prior approval of the transaction by the chair of the Audit Committee, subject to ratification of the transaction by the Audit Committee at the Audit Committee's next regularly scheduled meeting; provided, that if ratification is not forthcoming, management will make all reasonable efforts to cancel or annul the transaction. If a transaction was not initially recognized as a related person transaction, then upon such recognition the transaction will be presented to the Audit Committee for ratification at the Audit Committee's next regularly scheduled meeting; provided, that if ratification is not forthcoming, management will make all reasonable efforts to cancel or annul the transaction. 
 Our management will update the Audit Committee as to any material changes to any approved or ratified related person transaction and will provide a status report at least annually of all then current related person transactions. No director may participate in approval of a related person transaction for which he or she is a related person. 
 Each director and executive officer completes and signs a questionnaire after the end of each fiscal year that requires them to provide information regarding any material relationships or related party transactions between such individuals and the Company, which helps ensure that all material relationships and related party transactions are identified, reviewed and disclosed in accordance with applicable policies, procedures and regulations. 
 Director Independence 
 Nasdaq rules require that a majority of the board of directors of a company listed on Nasdaq be composed of independent directors, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would 
 98 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In addition, the director must not be precluded from qualifying as independent under the per se bars set forth by the Nasdaq rules. Our Board has undertaken a review of its composition, the composition of its committees and the independence of our directors and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. Based upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, our Board of Directors has determined that each of the directors on our Board, other than Mr. Coman, are independent directors under the Nasdaq listing rules. In addition, the Board determined that Adam Goulburn, who served on the Board during 2022, satisfied such independence criteria. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 Related Person Transactions 
 The following includes a summary of transactions since January 1, 2021 to which we have been a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than transactions that are described under the section Executive and Director Compensation. We also describe below certain other transactions with our directors, executive officers and stockholders. 
 Director Affiliations 
 Some of our directors are affiliated with and serve on our board of directors as representatives of entities which beneficially own or owned 5 or more of our common stock, as indicated below, pursuant to the Director Nomination Agreement, described below: 
 Director Principal stockholder (1) 
 Robert Faulkner Funds affiliated with Redmile Group, LLC Bhooshitha B. De Silva Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC __________________ 
 (1) See Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management for additional information about shares held by these entities. 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements, among other things, require us to indemnify each director and executive officer to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, including indemnification of expenses such as attorneys fees, judgments, penalties, fines and settlement amounts incurred by the director or executive officer in any action or proceeding, including any action or proceeding by or in right of us, arising out of the person s services as a director or executive officer. 
 Agreements with PPD 
 The Company provides services to Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC (together, with its affiliates, PPD ), or its clients pursuant to a Master Clinical Site Agreement (the Clinical Site Agreement and Master Vendor Agreement (the Vendor Agreement entered into in April 2020 and May 2020, respectively. PPD is a greater than 5 beneficial owner of the Company. The Clinical Site Agreement provides that the Company will provide clinical studies of proprietary new investigational drugs under the applicable PPD client protocols. The Vendor Agreement provides that each of the Company and PPD will provide their respective services to the other party on a work order basis. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, PPD paid the Company 4.3 million and 13.1 million, respectively, for services rendered pursuant to these agreements. 
 Agreements with Novartis 
 The Company is party to a Master Services Agreement (the MSA ), dated April 14, 2020, with Novartis Pharmaceutical Corporation (together, with its affiliates, Novartis and a Services Framework Agreement (the SFA ), dated March 10, 2021, with Novartis. The MSA and SFA provide the framework pursuant to which the Company provides services to Novartis. The Company was previously party to an Enterprise Collaboration Commitment Agreement with Novartis, which expired in June 2020, and a General Services Agreement from May 2018 through February 2019. Neil Tiwari, a director of the Company, served as a Managing Director of dRx Capital, the digital health venture arm for 
 99 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Novartis, from April 2019 to May 2021. Novartis was a 50 holder of dRx Capital who, until July 2021, was a minority holder of Legacy Science 37 outstanding common stock on an as converted basis. In July 2021, dRx Capital AG dissolved and its interest in the Company was distributed to its two 50 owners, one of which was Novartis. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Novartis paid the Company 1.4 million for services rendered pursuant to these agreements. 
 Agreement with Redmile 
 The Company is party to a Master Services Agreement, dated October 2, 2020, with AlloVir, Inc. AlloVir ), pursuant to which the Company provides services to AlloVir. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had received a nominal amount and 0.3 million, respectively, from AlloVir, a company in which Redmile Group, LLC has a minority interest. Entities affiliated with Redmile Group, LLC are, in the aggregate, greater than 5 beneficial owners of the Company. 
 Related Party Transactions in Connection with the Business Combination 
 Support Agreements. In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, LifeSci Holdings, LLC (the Sponsor entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement with LSAQ and Legacy Science 37 pursuant to which the Sponsor had agreed (i) to vote all shares of LSAQ common stock beneficially owned by it in favor of the Business Combination and related matters, (ii) to cooperate in the preparation of our periodic reports and other filings that may be made after the consummation of the Business Combination and (iii) to amend the agreement relating to the private placement warrants held by the Sponsor or enter into such other agreement such that they represented the right to receive 3,146,453 shares of LSAQ common stock at the time at which the Business Combination became effective. The warrants were converted to shares of LSAQ common stock immediately prior to the effective time of the Business Combination. 
 In addition, in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain stockholders of Legacy Science 37 owning approximately 73.8 of the voting power of Legacy Science 37 entered into the Legacy Science 37 Holders Support Agreement with LSAQ and Legacy Science 37 pursuant to which such stockholders agreed to vote all shares of Legacy Science 37 Common Stock (including shares of Legacy Science 37 Common Stock received in connection with the Legacy Science 37 Preferred Stock Conversion) beneficially owned by them in favor of the Business Combination and related matters. 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement . In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, Legacy Science 37, LSAQ and certain stockholders of LSAQ and certain stockholders of Legacy Science 37 who received shares of LSAQ common stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement entered into an amended and restated registration rights agreement Registration Rights Agreement ), which became effective upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 Lock-up Agreement and Arrangements . In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor entered into a lock-up agreement (the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement with LSAQ, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to: 
 offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of LSAQ common stock or private placement warrants held by it immediately after the time at which the Business Combination became effective, or enter into a transaction that would have the same effect, whether any of such transactions are to be settled by delivery of such shares of LSAQ common stock, private placement warrants, in cash or otherwise; 
 enter into transaction that would have the same effect, or enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of such shares of LSAQ common stock or private placement warrants, whether any of such transactions are to be settled by delivery of such shares of LSAQ common stock, private placement warrants, in cash or otherwise; or 
 publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement, or engage in any Short Sales (as defined in the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement) with respect to any security of LSAQ; 
 from the closing of the Business Combination until the date that is 180 calendar days thereafter; provided, however, that the restrictions set forth in the Sponsor Lock-up Agreement did not apply to (1) transfers or distributions to such stockholders current or former general or limited partners, managers or members, stockholders, other equity holders or other direct or indirect affiliates (within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act) or to the estates of any of the foregoing; (2) transfers by operation of law; (3) the establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for the transfer of such shares of LSAQ common stock or private placement warrants so long as the plan 
 100 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 does not provide for transfer of such shares of LSAQ common stock or private placement warrants during the 180-calendar day period; (4) gifts to a charitable organization; (5) transfers in connection with any bona fide mortgage, encumbrance or pledge to a financial institution in connection with any bona fide loan or debt transaction or enforcement thereunder; (6) transfers to the Company; (7) transfers to (A) the Company s officers or directors or (B) any affiliates or family members of the Company s officers or directors; (8) the exercise of warrants to purchase shares of LSAQ common stock and any related transfer of shares of LSAQ common stock in connection therewith (A) deemed to occur upon the cashless or net exercise of warrants or for the purpose of paying the exercise price of such warrants or for paying taxes due as a result of the exercise of such warrants, it being understood that all shares of LSAQ common stock received upon such exercise or transfer will remain subject to the restrictions set forth in the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement during the 180-calendar day period, or (9) transactions relating to shares of LSAQ common stock or private placement warrants acquired in open market transactions, in each of clauses (1), (2), (3), (4) and (7), where the transferee agreed to be bound by the terms of the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if after consummation of the Business Combination, there was a Change of Control of LSAQ (as defined in the Sponsor Lock-up Agreement), all of the shares of LSAQ common stock and the private placement warrants, in each case, subject to the restrictions set forth in the Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement would have been automatically released from such restrictions. 
 Director Nomination Agreement . LSAQ, the Sponsor, Legacy Science 37 and certain stockholders of Legacy Science 37 entered into a Director Nomination Agreement, dated October 6, 2021, pursuant to which each party agreed that our board of directors would initially upon the effectiveness of the Business Combination consist of at least seven members, one of which will be appointed by LSAQ pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and the remainder of which would be appointed by Legacy Science 37. Pursuant to the Director Nomination Agreement, our board is currently comprised of the following: David Coman, our Chief Executive Officer; one independent director designated by certain affiliates of Redmile Group, LLC, who is Robert Faulkner; one independent director to be designated by Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC, who is Bhooshitha B. De Silva; and four additional independent directors, who are John W. Hubbard, Neil Tiwari, Emily Rollins and Paul von Autenried. Lux Capital Management, LLC previously appointed Adam Goulburn to the Board of Directors, who resigned from the Board effective September 30, 2022. The Director Nomination Agreement provides, among other things, that from and after the closing of the Business Combination and until such time as a stockholder (together with its affiliates) beneficially owns less than 10.0 of our then-issued and outstanding shares of common stock, each of the applicable LSAQ stockholders will be entitled to nominate one person for election as a director of our Board at the applicable meeting of our stockholders, and subject to our Board's fiduciary duties, our Board will recommend these directors for stockholder approval. Additionally, under the agreement, in the event of the first vacancy that occurs on our Board, LifeSci Holdings, LLC shall be entitled to designate an independent director to fill such vacancy so long as it and its affiliates beneficially owns more than 1.0 of our then-issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 
 LSAQ Related Party Transactions 
 Founder Shares 
 On January 1, 2020, LSAQ issued an aggregate of 2,156,250 shares of common stock, which we refer to as the founder shares, to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On September 30, 2020, the Sponsor transferred 215,625 founder shares to Chardan Healthcare Investments LLC, an investor in the Sponsor. The founder shares included an aggregate of up to 153,990 shares of common stock that remained subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor, following the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option so that the number of founder shares would collectively represent 20 of LSAQ s issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of the IPO. On January 8, 2021, the underwriters election to exercise their remaining over-allotment option expired unexercised, resulting in 615,959 shares no longer subject to forfeiture and the forfeiture of 153,990 shares. There currently are 2,002,260 founder shares issued and outstanding. 
 The Sponsor and Chardan Healthcare Investments LLC have agreed that, subject to certain limited exceptions, 50 of the founder shares would not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of LSAQ s shares of common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and the remaining 50 of the founder shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, LSAQ consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 
 101 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PIPE Investment 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, LSAQ entered into the Subscription Agreements with certain subscribers pursuant to which the subscribers agreed to purchase, and LSAQ agreed to sell to the subscribers, an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of LSAQ common stock, for a purchase price of 10.00 per share and an aggregate purchase price of 200,000,000. 
 The following table summarizes the participation in the foregoing transaction by LSAQ s directors, executive officers, and holders of more than 5 of any class of LSAQ s capital stock as of the date of such transaction: 
 Name 
 Aggregate Purchase Price 
 RTW Investments, LP. (1) 
 30,000,000 BlackRock Health Sciences Trust II (2) 
 15,000,000 LifeSci Venture Partners II, LP (3) 
 1,000,000 
 __________________ 
 (1) The subscribers of the shares are RTW Venture Fund Limited, RTW Master Fund, Ltd., and RTW Innovation Master Fund, Ltd., which are affiliates of RTW Investments, LP. 
 (2) BlackRock Health Sciences Trust II is a fund under management by a subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc. 
 (3) LifeSci Venture Partners II, LP is an affiliate of the Sponsor. Andrew McDonald and Michael Rice are general partners and David Dobkin is a limited partner of LifeSci Venture Partners II, LP. 
 Administrative Support Agreement 
 LSAQ entered into an agreement, commencing on November 20, 2020 through the time at which the Business Combination became effective, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. For the year ended December 31, 2021, through the date of the merger, LSAQ incurred 90,000 in fees for these services. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and All Other Fees 
 The following table summarizes the fees of Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, billed to us for each of the last two fiscal years for audit services and tax services: 
 Fee Category 2022 
 2021 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 771,000 980,100 Audit Related Fees 
 Tax Fees (2) 
 202,266 75,705 All Other Fees 
 Total Fees 
 973,266 1,055,805 __________________ 
 (1) Audit Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our quarterly financial statements, and services that are normally provided by Ernst Young LLP in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. Fees for 2022 also included fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with our Form S-8 registration filings and related consents. Fees for 2021 also included fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with LSAQ s Form S-4 registration statement and amendments related to the SPAC reverse merger and our Form S-1 and Form S-8 registration filings and related consents. 
 (2) Tax Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered by Ernst Young LLP for various permissible tax compliance and tax advisory services. 
 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 
 The Audit Committee has adopted a policy (the Pre-Approval Policy that sets forth the procedures and conditions pursuant to which audit and non-audit services proposed to be performed by the independent auditor may be pre-approved. The Pre-Approval Policy generally provides that we will not engage Ernst Young LLP to render any audit, audit-related, 
 102 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 tax or permissible non-audit service unless the service is either (i) explicitly approved by the Audit Committee specific pre-approval or (ii) entered into pursuant to the pre-approval policies and procedures described in the Pre-Approval Policy general pre-approval ). Unless a type of service to be provided by Ernst Young LLP has received general pre-approval under the Pre-Approval Policy, it requires specific pre-approval by the Audit Committee or by a designated member of the Audit Committee to whom the committee has delegated the authority to grant pre-approvals. Any proposed services exceeding pre-approved cost levels or budgeted amounts will also require specific pre-approval. For both types of pre-approval, the Audit Committee will consider whether such services are consistent with the SEC s rules on auditor independence. The Audit Committee will also consider whether the independent auditor is best positioned to provide the most effective and efficient service, for reasons such as its familiarity with the Company s business, people, culture, accounting systems, risk profile and other factors, and whether the service might enhance the Company s ability to manage or control risk or improve audit quality. All such factors will be considered as a whole, and no one factor should necessarily be determinative. On a periodic basis, the Audit Committee reviews and generally pre-approves the services (and related fee levels or budgeted amounts) that may be provided by Ernst Young LLP without first obtaining specific pre-approval from the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee may revise the list of general pre-approved services from time to time, based on subsequent determinations. The Audit Committee pre-approved all services performed during 2022. 
 103 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule 
 Documents filed as part of this report: 
 The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 List of exhibits Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 Form Exhibit 
 Filing Date 2.1# Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 6, 2021, by and among LifeSci Acquisition II Corp., LifeSci Acquisition II Merger Sub, Inc. and Science 37, Inc. 
 8-K 2.1 May 7, 2021 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 S-1 3.1 November 5, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 
 8-K 3.3 October 13, 2021 4.1 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 10-K 4.1 March 22, 2022 4.2 Specimen Stock Certificate of Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 
 8-K 4.1 October 13, 2021 4.3 Form of Warrant Exchange Agreement between LSAQ and the Sponsor. 
 S-4/A 4.3 August 31, 2021 10.1 Form of PIPE Subscription Agreement. 
 8-K 10.3 May 7, 2021 10.2+ Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 S-4/A 10.8 August 31, 2021 10.3+ Offer Letter by and between Science 37, Inc. and David Coman, dated November 13, 2019. 
 S-4 10.15 July 28, 2021 10.4+ Offer Letter by and between Science 37, Inc. and Stephen Geffon, dated November 13, 2019. 
 S-4 10.16 July 28, 2021 10.5+ Offer Letter by and between Science 37, Inc. and Jonathan Cotliar, dated October 20, 2016. 
 S-4 10.17 July 28, 2021 10.6+ Offer Letter by and between Science 37, Inc. and Darcy Forman, dated November 3, 2019. 
 10.7+ Executive Employment Agreement by and between Science 37, Inc. and Christine Pellizzari, dated June 7, 2021. 
 10-K 10.11 March 22, 2022 10.8+ Executive Employment Agreement, effective September 12, 2022, between Michael Shipton and Science 37, Inc. 
 8-K 10.1 September 12, 2022 10.9+ Severance Agreement and General Release between Steve Geffon and Science 37, Inc., dated September 26, 2022 
 10-Q 10.2 November 10, 2022 10.10+ 2022 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan 
 10.11+ Form of Option Agreement under 2022 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan 
 10.12+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under 2022 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan 
 
 104 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 10.13+ Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan. 
 S-8 99.1 February 10, 2022 10.14+ Form of Option Agreement under Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan. 
 8-K 10.14 October 13, 2021 10.15+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan. 
 8-K 10.15 October 13, 2021 10.16+ Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-8 99.2 February 10, 2022 10.17+ Science 37, Inc. 2015 Stock Plan. 
 S-8 99.3 February 10, 2022 10.18 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 6, 2021 by and among the Company and certain stockholders. 
 S-1 10.17 November 5, 2021 10.19 Director Nomination Agreement, by and among LifeSci Acquisition II Corp., LifeSci Holdings LLC, Science 37, Inc. and the stockholders party thereto. 
 S-1 10.20 November 5, 2021 10.20+ Science 37 Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance Policy. 
 10-K 10.21 March 22, 2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 101 The following financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 are formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit), (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ______________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 # Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 105 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Science 37 Holdings, Inc. Date: March 6, 2023 
 By: /s/ David Coman Name: David Coman Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 principal executive officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ David Coman Chief Executive Officer and Director March 6, 2023 David Coman (principal executive officer) /s/ Mike Zaranek Chief Financial Officer March 6, 2023 Mike Zaranek (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) /s/ Robert Faulkner Chairman and Director March 6, 2023 Robert Faulkner /s/ Bhooshitha B. De Silva Director March 6, 2023 Bhooshitha B. De Silva /s/ John W. Hubbard Director March 6, 2023 John W. Hubbard /s/ Emily Rollins Director March 6, 2023 Emily Rollins /s/ Neil Tiwari Director March 6, 2023 Neil Tiwari /s/ Paul von Autenried Director March 6, 2023 Paul von Autenried 
 106 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 darcyforman_science37off.htm
 EX-10.6

darcyforman_science37off 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 snce-2022inducementplan.htm
 EX-10.10

snce-2022inducementplan 

SCIENCE 37 HOLDINGS, INC. 2022 EMPLOYMENT INDUCEMENT INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN ARTICLE I. PURPOSE The Plan s purpose is to enhance the Company s ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who are expected to make important contributions to the Company by providing these individuals with equity ownership opportunities and/or equity-linked compensatory opportunities. Capitalized terms used in the Plan are defined in Article XI. ARTICLE II. ELIGIBILITY Eligible Individuals are eligible to be granted Awards under the Plan, subject to the limitations described herein. ARTICLE III. ADMINISTRATION AND DELEGATION Administration. The Plan is administered by the Committee, which Committee will be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. The Board may abolish the Committee or re-vest in itself any previously delegated authority at any time; provided, however, that any action taken by the Board in connection with the administration of the Plan shall not be deemed approved by the Board unless such actions are approved by a majority of the Independent Directors. Awards under the Plan will be approved by (a) the Committee, which shall be comprised entirely of Independent Directors, or (b) a majority of the Company s Independent Directors. Powers of the Administrator. The Administrator has authority to determine which Eligible Individuals receive Awards, grant Awards and set Award terms and conditions, subject to the conditions and limitations in the Plan. The Administrator also has the authority to take all actions and make all determinations under the Plan, to interpret the Plan and Award Agreements and to adopt, amend and repeal Plan administrative rules, guidelines and practices as it deems advisable, including, but not limited to, the adoption of procedures from time to time intended to ensure that an individual is an Eligible Individual prior to the granting of any Awards to such individual under the Plan (including, without limitation, a requirement, if any, that such individual certify to the Company prior to the receipt of an Award under the Plan that he or she has not previously been employed by the Company or any Subsidiary, or if previously employed, has had a bona fide period of non-employment, and that the grant of Awards under the Plan is an inducement material to his or her agreement to enter into employment with the Company or any Subsidiary). The Administrator may correct defects and ambiguities, supply omissions and reconcile inconsistencies in the Plan or any Award Agreement as it deems necessary or appropriate to administer the Plan and any Awards. The Administrator s determinations under the Plan are in its sole discretion and will be final and binding on all persons having or claiming any interest in the Plan or any Award. ARTICLE IV. STOCK AVAILABLE FOR AWARDS Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment under Article VIII and the terms of this Article IV, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to Awards under the Plan shall be 

2 equal to the Overall Share Limit. Shares issued under the Plan may consist of authorized but unissued Shares, Shares purchased on the open market or treasury Shares. Share Recycling. If all or any part of an Award expires, lapses or is terminated, exchanged for or settled in cash, surrendered, repurchased, canceled without having been fully exercised/settled or forfeited, in any case, in a manner that results in the Company acquiring Shares covered by the Award at a price not greater than the price (as adjusted to reflect any Equity Restructuring) paid by the Participant for such Shares or not issuing any Shares covered by the Award, the unused Shares covered by the Award will, as applicable, become or again be available for Award grants under the Plan. In addition, Shares delivered (either by actual delivery or attestation) to the Company by a Participant to satisfy the applicable exercise or purchase price of an Award and/or to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligation with respect to an Award (including Shares retained by the Company from the Award being exercised or purchased and/or creating the tax obligation) will, as applicable, become or again be available for Award grants under the Plan. The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding Awards shall not count against the Overall Share Limit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the following Shares shall not be added to the Shares authorized for grant under Section 4.1 and shall not be available for future grants of Awards: (a) Shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the Stock Appreciation Right on exercise thereof; and (b) Shares purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of Options. ARTICLE V. STOCK OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS General. The Administrator may grant Options or Stock Appreciation Rights to Eligible Individuals subject to the limitations in the Plan. The Administrator will determine the number of Shares covered by each Option and Stock Appreciation Right and the conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right. A Stock Appreciation Right will entitle the Participant (or other person entitled to exercise the Stock Appreciation Right) to receive from the Company upon exercise of the exercisable portion of the Stock Appreciation Right an amount determined by multiplying the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price per Share of the Stock Appreciation Right by the number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, subject to any limitations of the Plan or that the Administrator may impose, and payable in cash, Shares valued at Fair Market Value or a combination of the two as the Administrator may determine or provide in the Award Agreement. Exercise Price. The Administrator will establish each Option s and Stock Appreciation Right s exercise price and specify the exercise price in the Award Agreement. The exercise price will not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the grant date of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right. Duration. Each Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be exercisable at such times and as specified in the Award Agreement, provided that the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right will not exceed ten years. Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless determined otherwise by the Company, in the event that on the last business day of the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (i) the exercise of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right is prohibited by Applicable Law, as determined by the Company, or (ii) Shares may not be purchased or sold by the applicable Participant due to any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods) or a lock-up agreement undertaken in connection with an issuance of securities by the Company, the term of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be automatically extended until the date that is 30 days after the end of the legal prohibition, black-out period or lock-up agreement, as determined by the Company; provided, however, in no event shall the extension last beyond the ten year term (or any shorter maximum, if applicable) of the applicable Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 

3 Exercise. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised by delivering to the Company (or its Agent) a written notice of exercise, in a form the Administrator approves (which may be electronic and provided through the online platform maintained by an Agent), signed by the person authorized to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, together with, as applicable, payment in full (i) as specified in Section 5.5 for the number of Shares for which the Award is exercised and (ii) as specified in Section 9.5 for any applicable taxes. Unless the Administrator otherwise determines, an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. Payment Upon Exercise. Subject to any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods) and Applicable Laws, the exercise price of an Option must be paid by online payment through the Agent s electronic platform or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Agent (or, in each case, if the Company has no Agent accepting payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company) or, solely with the consent of the Administrator, by: cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or check payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Administrator may limit the use of one of the foregoing payment forms if one or more of the payment forms below is permitted; if there is a public market for Shares at the time of exercise, unless the Administrator otherwise determines, (A) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Administrator) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Administrator to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price, or (B) the Participant s delivery to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Administrator to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator; delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of Shares owned by the Participant valued at their Fair Market Value; surrendering Shares then issuable upon the Option s exercise valued at their Fair Market Value on the exercise date; delivery of a promissory note or any other property that the Administrator determines is good and valuable consideration; or any combination of the above payment forms approved by the Administrator. 

4 ARTICLE VI. RESTRICTED STOCK; RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS General. The Administrator may grant Restricted Stock, or the right to purchase Restricted Stock, to any Eligible Individual, subject to the Company s right to repurchase all or part of such Shares at their issue price or other stated or formula price from the Participant (or to require forfeiture of such Shares) if conditions the Administrator specifies in the Award Agreement are not satisfied before the end of the applicable restriction period or periods that the Administrator establishes for such Award. In addition, the Administrator may grant Restricted Stock Units to any Eligible Individual, which may be subject to vesting and forfeiture conditions during the applicable restriction period or periods, as set forth in an Award Agreement. The Administrator will determine and set forth in the Award Agreement the terms and conditions for each Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Award, subject to the conditions and limitations contained in the Plan. Restricted Stock. Dividends. Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock will be entitled to all ordinary cash dividends paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise in the Award Agreement. In addition, unless the Administrator provides otherwise, if any dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, or consist of a dividend or distribution to holders of Common Stock of property other than an ordinary cash dividend, the Shares or other property will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any award of Restricted Stock, dividends which are paid to holders of Common Stock prior to vesting shall only be paid out to the Participant holding such Restricted Stock to the extent that the vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied. All such dividend payments will be made no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the right to the dividend payment becomes nonforfeitable. Stock Certificates. The Company may require that the Participant deposit in escrow with the Company (or its designee) any stock certificates issued in respect of Shares of Restricted Stock, together with a stock power endorsed in blank. Restricted Stock Units. Settlement. The Administrator may provide that settlement of Restricted Stock Units will occur upon or as soon as reasonably practicable after the Restricted Stock Units vest or will instead be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the Participant s election, in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A. Stockholder Rights. A Participant will have no rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to any Restricted Stock Unit unless and until the Shares are delivered in settlement of the Restricted Stock Unit. 

5 ARTICLE VII. OTHER STOCK OR CASH BASED AWARDS; DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS 7.1 Other Stock or Cash Based Awards. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be granted to Participants, including Awards entitling Participants to receive Shares to be delivered in the future and including annual or other periodic or long-term cash bonus awards (whether based on specified Performance Criteria or otherwise), in each case subject to any conditions and limitations in the Plan. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be paid in Shares, cash or other property, or any combination of the foregoing, as the Administrator determines. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of each Other Stock or Cash Based Award, including any purchase price, performance goal(s) (which may be based on the Performance Criteria), transfer restrictions, and vesting conditions, which will be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 7.2 Dividend Equivalents. A grant of Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock or Cash Based Award may provide a Participant with the right to receive Dividend Equivalents, and no dividends or Dividend Equivalents shall be payable with respect to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. Dividend Equivalents may be paid currently or credited to an account for the Participant, settled in cash or Shares and subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Award with respect to which the Dividend Equivalents are paid and subject to other terms and conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Dividend Equivalents with respect to an Award shall only be paid out to the Participant to the extent that the vesting conditions applicable to the underlying Award are satisfied. All such Dividend Equivalent payments will be made no later than March 15 of the calendar year following calendar year in which the right to the Dividend Equivalent payment becomes nonforfeitable in accordance with the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator. ARTICLE VIII. ADJUSTMENTS FOR CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK AND CERTAIN OTHER EVENTS Equity Restructuring. In connection with any Equity Restructuring, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article VIII, the Administrator will equitably adjust each outstanding Award as it deems appropriate to reflect the Equity Restructuring, which may include adjusting the number and type of securities subject to each outstanding Award and/or the Award s exercise price or grant price (if applicable), granting new Awards to Participants, and/or making a cash payment to Participants. The adjustments provided under this Section 8.1 will be nondiscretionary and final and binding on the affected Participant and the Company; provided that the Administrator will determine whether an adjustment is equitable. Corporate Transactions. In the event of any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property), reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, amalgamation, repurchase, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or sale or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, Change in Control, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or other securities of the Company, other similar corporate transaction or event, other unusual or nonrecurring transaction or event affecting the Company or its financial statements or any change in any Applicable Laws or accounting principles, the Administrator, on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event (except that action to give effect to a change in Applicable Law or accounting principles may be made within a reasonable period of time after such change), is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that 

6 such action is appropriate in order to (x) prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended by the Company to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any Award granted or issued under the Plan, (y) to facilitate such transaction or event or (z) give effect to such changes in Applicable Laws or accounting principles: To provide for the cancellation of any such Award in exchange for either an amount of cash or other property with a value equal to the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights under the vested portion of such Award, as applicable; provided that, if the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights, in any case, is equal to or less than zero, then the Award may be terminated without payment; To provide that such Award shall vest and, to the extent applicable, be exercisable as to all Shares covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the provisions of such Award; To provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted for by awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and/or applicable exercise or purchase price, in all cases, as determined by the Administrator; To make adjustments in the number and type of Shares (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards and/or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Article IV on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued) and/or in the terms and conditions of (including the grant or exercise price or applicable performance goals), and the criteria included in, outstanding Awards; To replace such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator; and/or To provide that, to the extent that (i) the Award (or portion thereof) is unvested and/or (ii) the amount that could have could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the Award (or portion thereof) or realization of the Participant s rights, in any case, is equal to or less than zero, then the Award (or applicable portion thereof) will terminate and cannot vest, be exercised or become payable after the applicable event. Effect of Non-Assumption in a Change in Control. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.2, if a Change in Control occurs and a Participant s Award is not continued, converted, assumed, or replaced with a substantially similar award by (a) the Company, or (b) a successor entity or its parent or subsidiary (an Assumption ), and provided that the Participant has not had a Termination of Service, then, immediately prior to the Change in Control, such Award shall become fully vested, exercisable and/or payable, as applicable, and all forfeiture, repurchase and other restrictions on such Award shall lapse, in which case, such Award shall be canceled upon the consummation of the Change in Control in exchange for the right to receive the Change in Control consideration payable to other holders of Common Stock (i) which may be on such terms and conditions as apply generally to holders of Common Stock under the Change in Control documents (including, without limitation, any escrow, earn-out or other deferred consideration provisions) or such other terms and conditions as the Administrator may provide, and (ii) determined by reference to the number of Shares subject to such Award and net of any applicable exercise price; provided that to the extent that any Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation that may not be paid upon the Change in Control under Section 409A (to the extent applicable to such Award) 

7 without the imposition of taxes thereon under Section 409A, the timing of such payments shall be governed by the applicable Award Agreement (subject to any deferred consideration provisions applicable under the Change in Control documents); and provided, further, that if the amount to which the Participant would be entitled upon the settlement or exercise of such Award at the time of the Change in Control is equal to or less than zero, then such Award may be terminated without payment. The Administrator shall determine whether an Assumption of an Award has occurred in connection with a Change in Control. Administrative Stand Still. In the event of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other extraordinary transaction or change affecting the Shares or the share price of Common Stock, including any Equity Restructuring or any securities offering or other similar transaction, for administrative convenience, the Administrator may refuse to permit the exercise of any Award for up to 60 days before or after such transaction. General. Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the Administrator s action under the Plan, no Participant will have any rights due to any subdivision or consolidation of Shares of any class, dividend payment, increase or decrease in the number of Shares of any class or dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the Company or other corporation. Except as expressly provided with respect to an Equity Restructuring under Section 8.1 or the Administrator s action under the Plan, no issuance by the Company of Shares of any class, or securities convertible into Shares of any class, will affect, and no adjustment will be made regarding, the number of Shares subject to an Award or the Award s grant or exercise price. The existence of the Plan, any Award Agreements and the Awards granted hereunder will not affect or restrict in any way the Company s right or power to make or authorize (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company s capital structure or its business, (ii) any merger, consolidation dissolution or liquidation of the Company or sale of Company assets or (iii) any sale or issuance of securities, including securities with rights superior to those of the Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares. The Administrator may treat Participants and Awards (or portions thereof) differently under this Article VIII. ARTICLE IX. GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO AWARDS Transferability. Except as the Administrator may determine or provide in an Award Agreement or otherwise, Awards may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except for certain beneficiary designations, by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or, subject to the Administrator s consent, pursuant to a domestic relations order, and, during the life of the Participant, will be exercisable only by the Participant. Any permitted transfer of an Award hereunder shall be without consideration, except as required by Applicable Law. References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the context, will include references to a Participant s authorized transferee that the Administrator specifically approves. Documentation. Each Award will be evidenced in an Award Agreement, which may be written or electronic, as the Administrator determines. The Award Agreement will contain the terms and conditions applicable to an Award. Each Award may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan. Discretion. Except as the Plan otherwise provides, each Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The terms of each Award to a Participant need not be identical, and the Administrator need not treat Participants or Awards (or portions thereof) uniformly. 

8 Termination of Status. The Administrator will determine how a Participant s Disability, death, retirement or authorized leave of absence or any other change or purported change in a Participant s Service Provider status affects an Award (including whether and when a Termination of Service has occurred) and the extent to which, and the period during which the Participant, the Participant s legal representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary may exercise rights under the Award, if applicable. Withholding. Each Participant must pay the Company, or make provision satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of, any taxes required by Applicable Law to be withheld in connection with such Participant s Awards by the date of the event creating the tax liability. The Company or one of its Subsidiaries may deduct an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax obligations based on the applicable statutory withholding rates (or such other rate as may be determined by the Administrator after considering any accounting consequences or costs) from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant. Subject to any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods), Participants may satisfy such tax obligations through the Agent s electronic platform or by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Agent (or, in each case, if the Company has no Agent accepting payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company) or, solely with the consent of the Administrator, by (i) cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or check made payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Administrator may limit the use of the foregoing payment forms in its discretion, (ii) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery of Shares (in whole or in part), including Shares delivered by attestation and Shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of delivery, (iii) if there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligations are satisfied, unless the Administrator otherwise determines, (A) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Administrator) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Administrator to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to satisfy the tax obligations, or (B) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Administrator to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to satisfy the tax withholding; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator, or (iv) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, any combination of the foregoing payment forms approved by the Administrator. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the number of Shares which may be so delivered or retained pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be limited to the number of Shares which have a Fair Market Value on the date of delivery or retention no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the maximum individual statutory tax rate in the applicable jurisdiction at the time of such withholding (or such other rate as may be required to avoid the liability classification of the applicable award under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America), and for clarity, may be less than such maximum individual statutory tax rate if so determined by the Administrator. If any tax withholding obligation will be satisfied under clause (ii) above by the Company s retention of Shares from the Award creating the tax obligation and there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligation is satisfied, the Company may elect to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on the applicable Participant s behalf some or all of the Shares retained and to remit the proceeds of the sale to the Company or its designee, and each Participant s acceptance of an Award under the Plan will constitute the Participant s authorization to the Company and instruction and authorization to such brokerage firm to complete the transactions described in this sentence. Amendment of Award; Repricing. The Administrator may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award, including by substituting another Award of the same or a different type and changing the exercise or settlement date. The Participant s consent to such action will be required unless (i) the action, taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the Participant s rights under the Award, or (ii) the change is permitted under Article VIII or pursuant to Section 10.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Administrator may, 

9 without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, (i) reduce the exercise price per share of outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or (ii) cancel outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with an exercise price per share that is less than the exercise price per share of the original Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. Conditions on Delivery of Stock. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Shares under the Plan or remove restrictions from Shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all Award conditions have been met or removed to the Company s satisfaction, (ii) as determined by the Company, all other legal matters regarding the issuance and delivery of such Shares have been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws and stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any Applicable Laws. The Company s inability to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which the Administrator determines is necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any securities, will relieve the Company of any liability for failing to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained. Acceleration. The Administrator may at any time provide that any Award will become immediately vested and fully or partially exercisable, free of some or all restrictions or conditions, or otherwise fully or partially realizable. Cash Settlement. Without limiting the generality of any other provision of the Plan, the Administrator may provide, in an Award Agreement or subsequent to the grant of an Award, in its discretion, that any Award may be settled in cash, Shares or a combination thereof. Broker-Assisted Sales. In the event of a broker-assisted sale of Shares in connection with the payment of amounts owed by a Participant under or with respect to the Plan or Awards, including amounts to be paid under the final sentence of Section 9.5: (i) any Shares to be sold through the broker- assisted sale will be sold on the day the payment first becomes due, or as soon thereafter as practicable; (ii) such Shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan in which all participants receive an average price; (iii) the applicable Participant will be responsible for all broker s fees and other costs of sale, and by accepting an Award, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and its Subsidiaries harmless from any losses, costs, damages, or expenses relating to any such sale; (iv) to the extent the Company, its Subsidiaries or their designee receives proceeds of such sale that exceed the amount owed, the Company or its Subsidiary will pay such excess in cash to the applicable Participant as soon as reasonably practicable; (v) the Company, its Subsidiaries and their designees are under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price; and (vi) in the event the proceeds of such sale are insufficient to satisfy the Participant s applicable obligation, the Participant may be required to pay immediately upon demand to the Company, its Subsidiaries or their designee an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any remaining portion of the Participant s obligation. ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS No Right to Employment or Other Status. No person will have any claim or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award will not be construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries expressly reserve the right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate their respective relationships with a Participant free from any liability or claim under the Plan or any Award, except as expressly provided in an Award Agreement or in the Plan. 

10 No Rights as Stockholder; Certificates. Subject to the Award Agreement, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary will have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares to be distributed under an Award until becoming the record holder of such Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the Administrator otherwise determines or Applicable Laws require, the Company will not be required to deliver to any Participant certificates evidencing Shares issued in connection with any Award and instead such Shares may be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). The Company may place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan that the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to comply with Applicable Laws. Effective Date and Term of Plan. The Plan will become effective on the date on which it is adopted by the Board and will remain in effect until terminated by the Administrator (the Effective Date ). Amendment of Plan. The Administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time; provided that no amendment, other than (a) as permitted by the applicable Award Agreement, (b) as provided under Sections 10.6 and 10.15, or (c) an amendment to increase the Overall Share Limit, may materially and adversely affect any Award outstanding at the time of such amendment without the affected Participant s consent. No Awards may be granted under the Plan during any suspension period or after the Plan s termination. Awards outstanding at the time of any Plan suspension or termination will continue to be governed by the Plan and the Award Agreement, as in effect before such suspension or termination. The Administrator will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Laws. Provisions for Foreign Participants. The Administrator may modify Awards granted to Participants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States or establish subplans or procedures under the Plan to address differences in laws, rules, regulations or customs of such foreign jurisdictions with respect to tax, securities, currency, employee benefit or other matters. Section 409A. General. To the extent that the Administrator determines that any Award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award shall incorporate the terms and conditions required by Section 409A. To the extent applicable, the Plan and the Award Agreements shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A, such that no adverse tax consequences, interest, or penalties under Section 409A apply. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, the Administrator may, without a Participant s consent, amend this Plan or Awards, adopt policies and procedures, or take any other actions (including amendments, policies, procedures and retroactive actions) as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of Awards, including any such actions intended to (A) exempt this Plan or any Award from Section 409A, or (B) comply with Section 409A, including regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority that may be issued after an Award s grant date. The Company makes no representations or warranties as to an Award s tax treatment under Section 409A or otherwise. The Company will have no obligation under this Section 10.6 or otherwise to avoid the taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A with respect to any Award and will have no liability to any Participant or any other person if any Award, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute noncompliant nonqualified deferred compensation subject to taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement, any payment of nonqualified deferred compensation under the Plan that may be made in installments shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Separation from Service. If an Award is subject to and constitutes nonqualified 

11 deferred compensation under Section 409A, any payment or settlement of such Award upon a termination of a Participant s Service Provider relationship will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A, be made only upon the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A), whether such separation from service occurs upon or after the termination of the Participant s Service Provider relationship. For purposes of this Plan or any Award Agreement relating to any such payments or benefits, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms means a separation from service. Payments to Specified Employees. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or any Award Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred compensation required to be made under an Award subject to Section 409A to a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A and as the Administrator determines) due to his or her separation from service will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, be delayed for the six-month period immediately following such separation from service (or, if earlier, until the specified employee s death) and will instead be paid (as set forth in the Award Agreement) on the day immediately following such six-month period or as soon as administratively practicable thereafter (without interest). Any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation under such Award payable more than six months following the Participant s separation from service will be paid at the time or times the payments are otherwise scheduled to be made. Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, no individual acting as a director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary will be liable to any Participant, former Participant, spouse, beneficiary, or any other person for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan or any Award, and such individual will not be personally liable with respect to the Plan because of any contract or other instrument executed in his or her capacity as an Administrator, director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each director, officer, other employee and agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that has been or will be granted or delegated any duty or power relating to the Plan s administration or interpretation, against any cost or expense (including attorneys fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the Administrator s approval) arising from any act or omission concerning this Plan unless arising from such person s own fraud or bad faith. Actions Required Upon Grant of Award. Following the issuance of any Award under the Plan, the Company shall, in accordance with the listing requirements of the applicable securities exchange, (a) promptly issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the grant, including the recipient(s) of the grant and the number of shares involved (and if the disclosure relates to an award to executive officers, or if the award was individually negotiated, then the disclosure must include the identity of the recipient), and (b) notify the applicable securities exchange of such grant no later than the earlier to occur of (i) five calendar days after entering into the agreement to issue the Award or (ii) the date of the public announcement of the Award. Data Privacy. As a condition for receiving any Award, each Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this section by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates exclusively for implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may hold certain personal information about a Participant, including the Participant s name, address and telephone number; birthdate; social security number, insurance number or other identification number; salary; nationality; job title(s); any Shares held in the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliates; and Award details, to implement, manage and administer the Plan and Awards (the Data ). The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data amongst themselves as necessary to implement, administer and manage a Participant s participation in the Plan, and the 

12 Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data to third parties assisting the Company with Plan implementation, administration and management. These recipients may be located in the Participant s country, or elsewhere, and the Participant s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the recipients country. By accepting an Award, each Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any required Data transfer to a broker or other third party with whom the Company or the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares. The Data related to a Participant will be held only as long as necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan. A Participant may, at any time, view the Data that the Company and its Subsidiaries hold regarding such Participant, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data regarding such Participant, recommend any necessary corrections to the Data regarding the Participant or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section 10.9 in writing, without cost, by contacting the local human resources representative. If the Participant refuses or withdraws the consents in this Section 10.9, the Company may cancel Participant s ability to participate in the Plan and, in the Administrator s discretion, the Participant may forfeit any outstanding Awards. For more information on the consequences of refusing or withdrawing consent, Participants may contact their local human resources representative. Severability. If any portion of the Plan or any action taken under it is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action will be null and void. Governing Documents. If any contradiction occurs between the Plan and any Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company (or any Subsidiary) that the Administrator has approved, the Plan will govern, unless it is expressly specified in such Award Agreement or other written document that the specific provision of the Plan will not apply. For clarity, the foregoing sentence shall not limit the applicability of any additive language contained in an Award Agreement or other written agreement which provides supplemental or additional terms not inconsistent with the Plan. Governing Law. The Plan and all Awards will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, disregarding any state s choice-of-law principles requiring the application of a jurisdiction s laws other than the State of Delaware. Claw-back Provisions. All Awards (including, without limitation, any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit actually or constructively received by a Participant upon any receipt or exercise of any Award or upon the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award) shall be subject to the provisions of any claw-back policy implemented by the Company, including, without limitation, any claw- back policy adopted to comply with Applicable Laws (including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder) as and to the extent set forth in such claw-back policy or the Award Agreement. Titles and Headings. The titles and headings in the Plan are for convenience of reference only and, if any conflict, the Plan s text, rather than such titles or headings, will control. Conformity to Securities Laws. Participant acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform to the extent necessary with Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan and all Awards will be administered only in conformance with Applicable Laws. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Plan and all Award Agreements will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to Applicable Laws. 

13 Unfunded Status of Awards. The Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan for incentive compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Award Agreement shall give the Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company or any Subsidiary. Relationship to Other Benefits. No payment under the Plan will be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except as expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder. Stockholder Approval Not Required. It is expressly intended that approval of the Company s stockholders not be required as a condition of the effectiveness of the Plan, and the Plan s provisions shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intent for all purposes. Specifically, Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5635(c) generally requires stockholder approval for stock option plans or other equity compensation arrangements adopted by companies whose securities are listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market pursuant to which stock awards or stock may be acquired by officers, directors, employees or consultants of such companies. Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5635(c)(4) provides an exemption in certain circumstances for employment inducement awards (within the meaning of Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5635(c)(4)). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Awards under the Plan may only be made to employees who have not previously been an employee or director of the Company or a parent or Subsidiary, or following a bona fide period of non-employment by the Company or a parent or Subsidiary, in each case as an inducement material to the employee s entering into employment with the Company or a Subsidiary. Awards under the Plan will be approved by (y) the Committee, which shall be comprised solely of Independent Directors, or (z) a majority of the Company s Independent Directors. Accordingly, pursuant to Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5635(c)(4), the issuance of Awards and the Shares issuable upon exercise or vesting of such Awards pursuant to the Plan are not subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders. ARTICLE XI. DEFINITIONS As used in the Plan, the following words and phrases will have the following meanings: 11.1 Administrator means the Committee, unless the Board has assumed the authority for administration of the Plan generally in accordance with Section 3.1 of the Plan. 11.2 Agent means the brokerage firm, bank or other financial institution, entity or person(s), if any, engaged, retained, appointed or authorized to act as the agent of the Company or a Participant with regard to the Plan. 11.3 Applicable Laws means the requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under U.S. federal and state securities, tax and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the applicable rules of any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws and rules of any foreign country or other jurisdiction where Awards are granted. 11.4 Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Dividend Equivalents, or Other Stock or Cash Based Awards. 

14 11.5 Award Agreement means a written agreement evidencing an Award, which may be electronic, that contains such terms and conditions as the Administrator determines, consistent with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 11.6 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 11.7 Change in Control means and includes each of the following: (a) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Common Stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a transaction or series of transactions that meets the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (c) below) whereby any person or related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (other than the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the Company s securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition; or (b) During any period of two consecutive years, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new Director(s) (other than a Director designated by a person who shall have entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in subsections (a) or (c)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors at the beginning of the two-year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (c) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction: (i) which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Company s assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor Entity )) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and (ii) after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity; provided, however, that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this clause (ii) as beneficially owning 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award (or portion of any Award) that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, the transaction or event described in subsection (a), (b) or (c) with respect to such Award (or portion thereof) 

15 shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award if such transaction also constitutes a change in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A- 3(i)(5). The Administrator shall have full and final authority, which shall be exercised in its discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to the above definition, the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control and any incidental matters relating thereto; provided that any exercise of authority in conjunction with a determination of whether a Change in Control is a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be consistent with such regulation. 11.8 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations issued thereunder. 11.9 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board comprised of two or more Directors, each of whom is intended to qualify as an Non-Employee Director and Independent Director. 11.10 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 11.11 Company means Science 37 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor. 11.12 Consultant means any consultant or advisor engaged by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to render services to such entity that qualifies as a consultant or advisor under the applicable rules of Form S-8 Registration Statements. 11.13 Designated Beneficiary means the beneficiary or beneficiaries the Participant designates, in a manner the Administrator determines, to receive amounts due or exercise the Participant s rights if the Participant dies or becomes incapacitated. Without a Participant s effective designation, Designated Beneficiary will mean the Participant s estate. 11.14 Director means a Board member. 11.15 Disability means that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 11.16 Dividend Equivalents means a right granted to a Participant under the Plan to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Shares) of dividends paid on Shares. 11.17 Eligible Individual means any prospective Employee who has not previously been an Employee or Director of the Company or any parent or Subsidiary, or who is commencing employment with the Company or any Subsidiary following a bona fide period of non-employment by the Company or any Subsidiary, if he or she is granted an Award in connection with his or her commencement of employment with the Company or any Subsidiary and such grant is an inducement material to his or her entering into employment with the Company or any Subsidiary (within the meaning of Nasdaq Stock Market Rule IM-5636-1 or any successor rule, if the Company s securities are traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market, and/or the applicable requirements of any other established stock exchange on which the Company s securities are traded, as applicable, as such rules and requirements may be amended from time to time). 11.18 Employee means any employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

16 11.19 Equity Restructuring means, as determined by the Administrator, a non-reciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, or other large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects the number or kind of Shares (or other securities of the Company) or the share price of Common Stock (or other securities of the Company) and causes a change in the per share value of the Common Stock underlying outstanding Awards. 11.20 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 11.21 Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of a Share determined as follows: (a) if the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such Common Stock as quoted on such exchange for such date, or if no sale occurred on such date, the last day preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; (b) if the Common Stock is not traded on a stock exchange but is quoted on a national market or other quotation system, the closing sales price on such date, or if no sales occurred on such date, then on the last date preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; or (c) without an established market for the Common Stock, the Administrator will determine the Fair Market Value in its discretion. 11.22 Independent Director means a Director of the Company who is not an Employee and who qualifies as independent within the meaning of Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2), or any successor rule, if the Company s securities are traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market, and/or the applicable requirements of any other established stock exchange on which the Company s securities are traded, as applicable, as such rules and requirements may be amended from time to time. 11.23 Non-Employee Director means a Director who qualifies as a Non-Employee Director as defined in Rule 16b-3(b)(3) of the Exchange Act, or any successor definition. 11.24 Non-Qualified Stock Option means an Option that does not qualify as and is not an incentive stock option as defined in Section 422 of the Code. 11.25 Option means an option to purchase Shares. All Options granted under the Plan will be Non-Qualified Stock Options. 11.26 Other Stock or Cash Based Awards means cash awards, awards of Shares, and other awards valued wholly or partially by referring to, or are otherwise based on, Shares or other property awarded to a Participant under Article VII. 11.27 Overall Share Limit means 1,000,000 Shares. 11.28 Participant means an Eligible Individual who has been granted an Award. 11.29 Performance Criteria means the criteria (and adjustments) that the Administrator may select for an Award to establish performance goals for a performance period, which may include (but is not limited to) the following: net earnings or losses (either before or after one or more of interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and non-cash equity-based compensation expense); gross or net sales or revenue or sales or revenue growth; net income (either before or after taxes) or adjusted net income; profits (including but not limited to gross profits, net profits, profit growth, net operation profit or economic profit), profit return ratios or operating margin; operating efficiency; budget or operating earnings (either before or after taxes or before or after allocation of corporate overhead and bonus); cash flow (including operating 

17 cash flow and free cash flow or cash flow return on capital); return on assets; return on capital or invested capital; cost of capital; return on stockholders equity; total stockholder return; return on sales; costs, reductions in costs and cost control measures; expenses; working capital; earnings or loss per share; adjusted earnings or loss per share; price per share or dividends per share (or appreciation in or maintenance of such price or dividends); regulatory achievements or compliance; implementation, completion or attainment of objectives relating to research, development, regulatory, commercial, or strategic milestones or developments; market share; economic value or economic value added models; division, group or corporate financial goals; customer satisfaction/growth; customer service; employee satisfaction; recruitment and maintenance of personnel; human resources management; supervision of litigation and other legal matters; strategic partnerships, collaborations and transactions; financial ratios (including those measuring liquidity, activity, profitability or leverage); debt levels or reductions; sales-related goals; financing and other capital raising transactions; cash on hand; acquisition, licensing or divestiture activity; investment sourcing activity; and marketing initiatives, any of which may be measured in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or decrease. Such performance goals also may be based solely by reference to the Company s performance or the performance of a Subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit of the Company or a Subsidiary, or based upon performance relative to performance of other companies or upon comparisons of any of the indicators of performance relative to performance of other companies. The Administrator may provide for exclusion of the impact of an event or occurrence which the Administrator determines should appropriately be excluded, including (a) restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items, and other unusual, infrequently occurring or non-recurring charges or events, (b) asset write-downs, (c) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (d) acquisitions or divestitures, (e) reorganization or change in the corporate structure or capital structure of the Company, (f) an event either not directly related to the operations of the Company, Subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit or not within the reasonable control of management, (g) foreign exchange gains and losses, (h) a change in the fiscal year of the Company, (i) the refinancing or repurchase of bank loans or debt securities, (j) unbudgeted capital expenditures, (k) the issuance or repurchase of equity securities and other changes in the number of outstanding Shares, (l) conversion of some or all convertible securities to Shares, (m) any business interruption event (n) the cumulative effects of tax or accounting changes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or (o) the effect of changes in other laws or regulatory rules affecting reported results. 11.30 Plan means this 2022 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan. 11.31 Restricted Stock means Shares awarded to a Participant under Article VI subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. 11.32 Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded, unsecured right to receive, on the applicable settlement date, one Share or an amount in cash or other consideration determined by the Administrator to be of equal value as of such settlement date awarded to a Participant under Article VI subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. 11.33 Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 11.34 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and all regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority thereunder. 11.35 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 11.36 Service Provider means an Employee, Consultant or Director. 11.37 Shares means shares of Common Stock. 

18 11.38 Stock Appreciation Right means a stock appreciation right granted under Article V. 11.39 Subsidiary means any entity (other than the Company), whether domestic or foreign, in an unbroken chain of entities beginning with the Company if each of the entities other than the last entity in the unbroken chain beneficially owns, at the time of the determination, securities or interests representing at least 50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of securities or interests in one of the other entities in such chain. 11.40 Termination of Service means the date the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 snce-formofoptionagreeme.htm
 EX-10.11

snce-formofoptionagreeme 

[Signature Page to Stock Option Grant Notice] SCIENCE 37 HOLDINGS, INC. 2022 EMPLOYMENT INDUCEMENT INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE Science 37 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company has granted to the participant listed below Participant the stock option (the Option described in this Stock Option Grant Notice (this Grant Notice ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 2022 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Agreement ), both of which are incorporated into this Grant Notice by reference. Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Grant Notice or the Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Plan. Participant: [____] Grant Date: Exercise Price per Share: [For U.S. taxpayers, no less than 100 of the FMV on the Grant Date] Shares Subject to the Option: Final Expiration Date: [To be no later than 10th anniversary of Grant Date] Vesting Commencement Date: Vesting Schedule: [To be specified] Type of Option Non-Qualified Stock Option By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Option, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of this Grant Notice, the Plan and the Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice or the Agreement. SCIENCE 37 HOLDINGS, INC. PARTICIPANT By: Name: [Participant Name] Title: 

Exhibit A 1 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified in the Grant Notice or, if not defined in the Grant Notice, in the Plan. GENERAL Grant of Option. The Company has granted to Participant the Option effective as of the grant date set forth in the Grant Notice (the Grant Date ). The Option is intended to constitute an employment inducement award under Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq Rule 5635(c)(4), and consequently is intended to be exempt from the Nasdaq rules regarding shareholder approval of stock option plans or other equity compensation arrangements. This Agreement and the other terms and conditions of the Option shall be interpreted in accordance with and consistent with such exception. Incorporation of Terms of Plan. The Option is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will control, unless it is expressly specified in this Agreement or the Grant Notice that the specific provision of the Plan will not apply. For clarity, the foregoing sentence shall not limit the applicability of any additive language contained in this Agreement which provides supplemental or additional terms not inconsistent with the Plan. If the Non-U.S. Provisions (as defined below) apply to Participant, in the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement or the Plan and the Non-U.S. Provisions, the terms of the Non-U.S. Provisions shall control. PERIOD OF EXERCISABILITY Commencement of Exercisability. The Option will vest and become exercisable according to the vesting schedule in the Grant Notice (the Vesting Schedule except that any fraction of a Share as to which the Option would be vested or exercisable will be accumulated and will vest and become exercisable only when a whole vested Share has accumulated; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in the Grant Notice or this Agreement, in no event may the Option be exercised (in whole or in part) prior to the date on which the Company files a Form S-8 Registration Statement covering the shares of Common Stock (the Shares subject to the Option. Except as otherwise set forth in the Grant Notice, the Plan or this Agreement, and unless the Administrator otherwise determines, the Option will immediately expire and be forfeited as to any portion of the Option that is not vested and exercisable as of Participant s Termination of Service for any reason (after taking into consideration any accelerated vesting and exercisability which may occur in connection with such Termination of Service, if any). Duration of Exercisability. The Vesting Schedule is cumulative. Any portion of the Option which vests and becomes exercisable will remain vested and exercisable until the Option expires. The Option will be forfeited immediately upon its expiration. Expiration of Option. Except as may be extended in accordance with Section 5.3 of the Plan, the Option may not be exercised to any extent by anyone after, and will expire on, the first of the following to occur: The final expiration date in the Grant Notice; 

2 Except as the Administrator may otherwise approve, the expiration of three (3) months from the date of Participant s Termination of Service, unless Participant s Termination of Service is for Cause (as defined below) or by reason of Participant s death or Disability; Except as the Administrator may otherwise approve, the expiration of one year from the date of Participant s Termination of Service by reason of Participant s death or Disability; and Except as the Administrator may otherwise approve, Participant s Termination of Service for Cause. Definition of Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means (i) if the Participant is a party to a written employment, consulting agreement, or other written agreement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in which Cause is defined (a Relevant Agreement ), Cause as defined in the Relevant Agreement, and (ii) if no Relevant Agreement exists, (A) the Administrator s determination that the Participant failed to substantially perform the Participant s duties (other than a failure resulting from the Participant s disability); (B) the Administrator s determination that the Participant failed to carry out, or comply with any lawful and reasonable directive of the Board or the Participant s immediate supervisor; (C) the occurrence of any act or omission by the Participant that could reasonably be expected to result in (or has resulted in) the Participant s conviction, plea of no contest, plea of nolo contendere, or imposition of unadjudicated probation for any felony or indictable offense or crime involving moral turpitude; (D) the Participant s unlawful use (including being under the influence) or possession of illegal drugs on the premises of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or while performing the Participant s duties and responsibilities for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (E) the Administrator s determination that the Participant committed an act of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, or misconduct, or breached a fiduciary duty against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. EXERCISE OF OPTION Person Eligible to Exercise. During Participant s lifetime, only Participant may exercise the Option. After Participant s death, any exercisable portion of the Option may, prior to the time the Option expires, be exercised by Participant s Designated Beneficiary as provided in the Plan. Partial Exercise. Any exercisable portion of the Option or the entire Option, if then wholly exercisable, may be exercised, in whole or in part, according to the procedures in the Plan at any time prior to the time the Option or portion thereof expires, except that the Option may only be exercised for whole Shares. Tax Withholding; Exercise Price. Subject to Section 3.3(b) and 3.3(c), payment of the exercise price and/or applicable withholding tax obligations with respect to the Option may be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, as determined by [the Company in its sole discretion / Participant or the Administrator]: (i) Cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or check; (ii) By delivery of Shares, including Shares delivered by attestation then- owned by Participant, valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of delivery; 

3 (iii) By the Company withholding Shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of the Option in satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations, valued at their Fair Market Value on the exercise date; (iv) With the consent of the Administrator, by delivery of a promissory note or other property that the Administrator determines is good and valuable consideration; or (v) By any combination of (i) - (iv) above. Unless [the Company / Participant or the Administrator] otherwise determines, payment of the exercise price and withholding tax obligations with respect to the Option shall be by [delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to satisfy the applicable exercise price and tax withholding obligations] / [delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) by Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company that Participant has placed a market sell order with such broker with respect to Shares then- issuable upon exercise of the Option, and that the broker has been directed to deliver promptly to the Company funds sufficient to satisfy the applicable exercise price and tax withholding obligations; provided, that payment of such proceeds is then made to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator]. With respect to tax withholding obligations, the number of Shares which may be so withheld or surrendered pursuant to Section 3.3(a) or (b) above shall be limited to the number of Shares which have a fair market value on the date of withholding no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the minimum individual statutory withholding rates in Participant s applicable jurisdictions for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to such taxable income, in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan. Participant acknowledges that Participant is ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the Option, regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate takes with respect to any tax withholding obligations that arise in connection with the Option. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary or affiliate makes any representation or undertaking regarding the treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of Shares. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the Option to reduce or eliminate Participant s tax liability. Representation. Participant represents to the Company that Participant has reviewed with Participant s own tax advisors the tax consequences of this Option and the transactions contemplated by the Grant Notice and this Agreement. Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. OTHER PROVISIONS Adjustments. Participant acknowledges that the Option is subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and the Plan. Clawback. The Option and the Shares issuable hereunder shall be subject to any clawback or recoupment policy in effect on the Grant Date or as may be adopted or maintained by the Company 

4 following the Grant Date, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. Notices. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company must be in writing and addressed to the Company in care of the Company s Chief Legal Officer at the Company s principal office or the Chief Legal Officer s then-current email address or facsimile number. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to Participant must be in writing and addressed to Participant (or, if Participant is then deceased, to the Designated Beneficiary) at Participant s last known mailing address, email address or facsimile number in the Company s personnel files. By a notice given pursuant to this Section, either party may designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice will be deemed duly given when actually received, when sent by email, when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited with postage prepaid in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service (or foreign equivalent), when delivered by a nationally recognized express shipping company or upon receipt of a facsimile transmission confirmation. Titles. Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. Conformity to Securities Laws. Participant acknowledges that the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all Applicable Laws and, to the extent Applicable Laws permit, will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to Applicable Laws. Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Agreement or the Plan, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Option will be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, this Agreement will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. Entire Agreement. The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement (including any exhibit hereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. Severability. If any portion of the Grant Notice or this Agreement or any action taken under the Grant Notice or this Agreement, in any case is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Grant Notice and/or this Agreement (as applicable), and the Grant Notice and/or this Agreement (as applicable) will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action will be null and void. Limitation on Participant s Rights. Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and may not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. Participant will have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with 

5 respect to the Option, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to the Option, as and when exercised pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Not a Contract of Employment or Service. Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement confers upon Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or its Subsidiary or affiliate or interferes with or restricts in any way the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary or affiliate and Participant. Counterparts. The Grant Notice may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by way of any electronic signature, subject to Applicable Law, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one instrument. Governing Law. The Grant Notice and this Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, disregarding any state s choice-of-law principles requiring the application of a jurisdiction s laws other than the State of Delaware. Data Privacy. Without limiting any other provisions of this Agreement, Section 10.9 Data Privacy of the Plan is hereby incorporated into this Agreement as if first set forth herein. If Participant resides in the UK or the European Union, the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates will hold, collect and otherwise process certain data as set out in the applicable company s GDPR- compliant data privacy notice, which will be or has been provided to Participant separately. All personal data will be treated in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations. Special Provisions for Options Granted to Participants Outside the U.S. If Participant performs services for the Company outside of the United States, this Option shall be subject to the special provisions, if any, for Participant s country of residence, as set forth in Appendix A-1 (the Non-U.S. Provisions ). If Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Non-U.S. Provisions during the life of this Option, the special provisions for such country shall apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such provisions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on this Option and the Shares purchased upon exercise of this Option, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Acknowledgment of Nature of Plan and Option. In accepting the Option, Participant acknowledges that: for labor law purposes, the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are an extraordinary item that does not constitute wages of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or to Participant s service entity, and the award of the Option is outside the scope of Participant s service contract, if any; for labor law purposes, the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected wages or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculation of any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, Participant s employer, its parent, or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company; 

6 the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; neither the Option nor any provision of this Agreement, the Plan or the policies adopted pursuant to the Plan confer upon Participant any right with respect to service or continuation of current service and shall not be interpreted to form a service contract or relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate; the future value of the Shares underlying the Option is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty; and the value of the Shares acquired upon exercise of the Option may increase or decrease in value. 

7 APPENDIX A-1 TO OPTION AGREEMENT SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES This Appendix A-1 (this Appendix includes special terms and conditions applicable to Participants in the countries below. These terms and conditions are in addition to those set forth in the Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement and the Plan and to the extent there are any inconsistencies between these terms and conditions and those set forth in the Agreement, these terms and conditions shall prevail. Any capitalized term used in this Appendix without definition shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan or the Agreement, as applicable. This Appendix also includes information relating to issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to his or her participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of October 2021. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the information herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Option is exercised or Shares acquired under the Plan are sold. In addition, the information is general in nature and may not apply to the particular situation of Participant, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in his or her country may apply to his or her situation. Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which he or she is currently working, the information contained herein may not be applicable to Participant. JAPAN Notifications Exchange Control Notification. If the Participant acquires Shares valued at more than 100,000,000 in a single transaction, he or she must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance through the Bank of Japan within 20 days of the acquisition of the Shares. In addition, Japanese resident Participants paying more than 30,000,000 in a single transaction for the purchase of Shares when the resident Participant exercises the Option must file a Payment Report with the Ministry of Finance through the Bank of Japan within 20 days of the date that the payment is made. The precise reporting requirements vary depending on whether or not the relevant payment is made through a bank in Japan. Please note that a Payment Report is required independently from a Securities Acquisition Report; therefore, the Japanese resident Participant must file both a Payment Report and a Securities Acquisition Report if the total amount that the resident Participant pays in a single transaction for exercising the Option and purchasing Shares exceeds 100,000,000. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Notification. The Participant is required to report details of any assets held outside Japan as of December 31, including Shares, to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding 50,000,000. Such report will be due from the Participant by March 15 each year. The Participant is responsible for complying with this reporting obligation and should consult with his or her personal tax advisor as to whether the Participant will be required to report the details of the Options or Shares he or she holds. 

8 Securities Law Information. The Option has not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended), or the FIEA. Accordingly, the Option may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the benefit of any resident of Japan (including any person resident in Japan or any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan) or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the benefit of any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the FIEA and otherwise in compliance with any relevant laws and regulations of Japan. SLOVAKIA Definitions. The definition of Cause included in Section 2.4 of the Agreement shall be amended and read as follows: For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means (i) grounds for termination of employment by notice set out in Section 63 (1) of the Slovak Act No. 311/2001 Coll. Labor Code, as amended (the Labor Code (ii) grounds for termination of employment with immediate effect set out in Section 68 (1) of the Labor Code. For purposes of this Agreement, the definition of Disability included in Section 11.15 of the Plan shall be superseded and replaced with the following definition: an employee who has been recognized as disabled under Section 71 (1) of the Act No. 461/2003 Coll. on Social Security and has submitted to his or her employer the disability pension decision . Tax Liabilities. Upon exercise of the Option, the Company or its relevant Subsidiary or affiliate that employs or engages Participant (the Employer ), if different, shall comply with all Applicable Laws from which obligations arise for the Employer to make tax deductions, contributions the health insurance companies or Social Insurance Agency or any legally prescribed deductions with respect to any taxable event resulting from any Option (the Tax Liability ). Participant undertakes to inform the Employer, no later than within 5 days of any exercise of the Option for the purposes of fulfilling Tax Liability of the Employer. Participant hereby agrees that the Company or the Employer, if different, may withhold cash or Shares (as applicable) otherwise issuable upon the exercise of the Option, or a portion thereof, sufficient for the Company or the Employer to fulfill any of its Tax Liabilities in accordance with the Applicable Laws. The number of Shares to be so withheld shall have a Fair Market Value corresponding to the aggregate amount of the Tax Liabilities determined in accordance with the Applicable Laws. Participant hereby acknowledges that, if not settled otherwise, the Tax Liabilities of the Employer shall be fulfilled by deductions the respective amounts from Participant s wages in accordance with the Applicable Laws. If the amounts to be deducted from Participant s wages should be greater than the amounts which are allowed to be deducted according to the Applicable Laws, Participant shall, upon request of the Employer, conclude with the Employer Agreement on Salary Deductions, pursuant to Section 20 (2) of the Labor Code. Participant hereby undertakes to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company or the Employer, if different, from and against any liability for or obligation to pay any Tax Liability arising from any Option. Public Offer. The Company hereby declares that no public offer under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 

9 Parliament and of the Council on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market has taken place or will take place in the Slovak Republic with regards to the Option or the Shares which are subject of the Option. SPAIN Definitions. The definition of Cause included in Section 2.4 of the Agreement shall also include (vi) Participant incurring in any of the grounds for disciplinary dismissal regulated in Article 54 of the Spanish Workers Statute or the applicable collective bargaining agreement . The definition of Disability in the Plan is superseded and replaced with the following definition a permanent total, absolute or severe disability within the meaning of Articles 193 at seq. of the Spanish Social Security Act. Withholding. (a) Whenever the Option is exercised, the Company or its relevant Subsidiary or affiliate that employs or engages Participant (the Participant s Employer ), if different, in accordance with the terms of the Plan, will comply with all applicable withholding tax and social security laws and regulations, and will be entitled to take any action necessary to fulfil its tax and social security obligations. Participant hereby agrees that the Company or Participant s Employer, if different, may withhold cash or Shares (as applicable) otherwise issuable upon the exercise of the Option, or a portion thereof, sufficient for the Company or Participant s Employer to cover an amount required by law to be withheld or otherwise arising with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of any Option. The number of Shares which may be so withheld shall be limited to the number of Shares which have a Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan, but in case the Shares are neither listed nor regularly quoted on a national market or other quotation system, it will be determined by the Administrator in a manner consistent with applicable tax laws), determined on the date when the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined pursuant to Applicable Laws, no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the minimum statutory withholding rates for tax purposes, in accordance with Applicable Laws, that are applicable to such taxable income (or such other amount as would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates). (b) In its absolute discretion, the Company or Participant s Employer may (i) withhold amounts from Participant s wages in order to fulfil the Company or Participant s Employer withholding tax obligations, or (ii) authorize Participant to satisfy the withholding amounts referred to above by means of a cash payment. Request for such cash payment shall be made in writing by Participant in a form acceptable to the Company and shall be subject to the following restrictions: (i) the election must be made at least fifteen (15) business days prior to the date when the amount of tax to be withheld is to be paid to the tax authorities pursuant to Applicable Laws, and such cash payment must be made by Participant at least five (5) business days prior to the due date for payment of such withholding taxes to the tax authorities pursuant to Applicable Laws; and (ii) once made, the election shall be irrevocable as to the particular Shares for which the election is made. Any adverse consequences for Participant arising in connection with the withholding procedures described above shall be the sole responsibility of Participant. (c) Participant agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company or its Subsidiaries or affiliates, including Participant s Employer from and against any liability for or obligation to pay any income 

10 tax, withholding tax and any other employment related taxes in any jurisdiction (a Tax Liability that is attributable to the grant or exercise of, or any benefit derived by Participant from, the Option or the Shares which are the subject of the Option. Special Incentive Compensation. Participant acknowledges and represents that the Option is a special and extraordinary incentive compensation which is not part of Participant s ordinary or expected compensation, and shall not be taken into account, in any manner, as salary, compensation or bonus for the purposes of determining any pension, retirement, life insurance, disability, severance pay or compensation otherwise due in the event of Termination of Service by Participant s Employer or otherwise. Spanish Language Provision. By signing and returning this Agreement, Participant confirms having read and understood the documents relating to the Plan and the Agreement which were provided to Participant in English language. Participant accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. Securities Law Information. No offer to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory in connection with the Option or the Shares which are the subject of the Option. Neither the Plan, the Grant Notice, the Agreement nor this Appendix or any other documents evidencing the Option have not been, nor will they be, registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (the Spanish securities regulator), and none of those documents constitutes a public offering prospectus. Exchange Control Information. Participant must declare the acquisition of Shares by filing the relevant investment form with the Direcci n General de Comercio Internacional e Inversiones DGCII and each January while the Shares are owned. If Participant acquires the Shares through the use of a Spanish financial institution, that institution will automatically make the declaration to the DGCII for Participant; otherwise, Participant will be required to make the declaration by filing the appropriate form with the DGCII. Generally, the declaration must be made in January for Shares acquired or sold during (or owned as of December 31 of the prior year; however, if the value of the Shares acquired or sold exceeds 1,502,530 (or Participant is a member of the governing body of the Company, holds 10 or more of the shares capital of the Company or such other amount that would entitle Participant to join the Company s Board of Directors), the declaration must be filed within one month of the acquisition or sale, as applicable. In addition, if Participant wishes to import the share certificates into Spain, Participant must declare the importation of such securities to the DGCII. When receiving foreign currency payments derived from the ownership of Shares (e.g., dividends or sale proceeds), Participant must inform the financial institution receiving the payment of the basis upon which such payment is made. Upon prior request, Participant will need to provide the institution with the following information; Participant s name; address; and fiscal identification number; the name and corporate domicile of the Company; the amount of payment; the currency used; the country of origin; the reasons for the payment; and required information. In addition, Participant is required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any securities accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (e.g., Shares) and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of cash or Shares made to Participant by the Company or any U.S. brokerage account) if the balances in such accounts together with the value of such instruments as of December 31, or the volume of transactions with non-Spanish residents during the prior or current year, exceed 1 million but are below 100 million. Different thresholds and deadlines to file this declaration apply. However, if neither such transactions during the immediately preceding year nor the balances / positions as of December 31 exceed EUR 1 million, no such declaration must be filed unless expressly required by the Bank of Spain. If any of such thresholds were exceeded during the current year, 

11 Participant may be required to file the relevant declaration corresponding to the prior year, however, a summarized form of declaration may be available. Participant should consult his or her personal advisor in relation to applicable exchange control information obligations or his or her own tax compliance obligations, from time to time. The Company does not assume any responsibility therefor. UNITED KINGDOM Eligibility. The Agreement as amended pursuant to this Appendix forms the rules of the employee share scheme applicable to the United Kingdom-based Participants of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates. Only employees of the Company or its Subsidiary or affiliate are eligible to be granted Options or issued Shares pursuant to the exercise of Options. Other Service Providers (including consultants or non- employee directors) who are not employees are not eligible to receive Options under the Agreement in the United Kingdom. Accordingly, all references in the Agreement or in the Plan to Service Provider shall mean an Employee (as defined in the Plan), Termination of Service shall be interpreted as a references to Participant s employment and Relevant Agreement shall mean an employment agreement between the Participant and the Company or its Subsidiary or affiliate, as applicable. No Rights to Compensation. Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall give the Participant any rights to compensation or damages including, without limitation, for any loss or potential loss that Participant may suffer by reason of being unable to exercise any Options or forfeiting Options or Shares as a result of the termination of the Plan or the Agreement, the lapsing of Options as a result of Participant s Termination of Service including where any Termination of Service is subsequently held to be wrongful or unfair. Special Tax Consequences. References to withholding tax obligations and taxes required by Applicable Laws and any similar phrases relating to tax obligations when used in this Appendix or in the Plan or in the Agreement shall include income tax, employee s National Insurance contributions and (at the discretion of the Company and to the extent permitted by law) employer s National Insurance contributions or other similar taxes arising in any jurisdiction (a Tax Liability that are attributable to (i) the grant, exercise or vesting of, or any benefit derived by Participant from, an Option or the Shares which are the subject of the Option; (ii) the transfer or issuance of Shares to Participant upon exercise of an Option; (iii) any restrictions applicable to any Shares held by Participant ceasing to apply thereto; or (iv) receipt of proceeds from the disposal of any Shares (each event referred to as a Taxable Event ). Participant will indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and Employer, if different, from and against any liability for or obligation to pay any Tax Liability arising in consequence of any Option. Participant undertakes that, upon request by the Company, he or she will (on or within fourteen (14) days of acquiring the Shares) join with his or her Employer in electing, pursuant to Section 431(1) of the Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 ITEPA that, for relevant tax purposes, the market value of the Shares acquired on exercise of the Option on any occasion will be calculated as if the Shares were not restricted and Sections 425 to 430 (inclusive) of ITEPA are not to apply to such Shares. Participant agrees that if Participant does not pay, or his/her Employer or the Company does not withhold from Participant, the full amount of any income tax arising in respect of any Taxable Event (and to the extent such income tax pertains to a notional payment as defined in Section 222(1)(a) of ITEPA within ninety (90) days after the end of the tax year in which the notional payment is treated as having been made (for the purposes of Section 222 of ITEPA), or such other period specified in 

12 Section 222(1)(c) of ITEPA, (the Relevant Period then the amount of income tax and Participant s National Insurance contributions that should have been withheld in respect of the notional payment shall constitute a loan owed by Participant to the Employer, effective from the end of the Relevant Period. Participant agrees that the loan will bear interest at HMRC s official rate and will be immediately due and repayable by Participant, and the Company and/or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by: (i) withholding the funds from salary, bonus or any other funds due to Participant by the Employer; (ii) withholding Shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of the Option or all or a portion of the cash proceeds otherwise due to Participant from the sale of Shares; or (iii) demanding cash or a cheque from Participant. Participant also authorizes the Company to delay the issuance of any Shares to Participant unless and until the loan is repaid in full. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is an officer or executive director (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that Participant is an officer or executive director and the full amount of any income tax arising in respect of any Taxable Event (to the extent such income tax pertains to a notional payment as defined in Section 222(1)(a) of ITEPA) is not collected from or paid by Participant within ninety (90) days after the end of the tax year in which the notional payment is treated as having been made (for the purposes of Section 222 of ITEPA), or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of ITEPA, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to Participant on which additional income tax and National Insurance contributions may be payable. Participant acknowledges that the Company or the Employer may recover any such additional income tax and (to the extent permitted by law) National Insurance contributions at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in this Appendix, the Agreement and the Plan. Data Privacy. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates will collect and process information relating to Participants in accordance with the data privacy notice which is available on the Company s intranet. 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 5
 snce-formofrsuagreementi.htm
 EX-10.12

snce-formofrsuagreementi 

[Signature Page to Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice] SCIENCE 37 HOLDINGS, INC. 2022 EMPLOYMENT INDUCEMENT INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE Science 37 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has granted to the participant listed below Participant the Restricted Stock Units (the RSUs described in this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (this Grant Notice ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 2022 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Agreement ), both of which are incorporated into this Grant Notice by reference. Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Grant Notice or the Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Plan. Participant: Grant Date: Number of RSUs: Vesting Commencement Date: Vesting Schedule: [To be specified] By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the RSUs, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of this Grant Notice, the Plan and the Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice or the Agreement. SCIENCE 37 HOLDINGS, INC. PARTICIPANT By: Name: [Participant Name] Title: 

Exhibit A 1 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified in the Grant Notice or, if not defined in the Grant Notice, in the Plan. ARTICLE I. GENERAL 1.1 Award of RSUs. The Company has granted the RSUs to Participant effective as of the grant date set forth in the Grant Notice (the Grant Date ). Each RSU represents the right to receive one Share, as set forth in this Agreement. Participant will have no right to the distribution of any Shares or payment of any cash until the time (if ever) the RSUs have vested. The award of RSUs is intended to constitute an employment inducement award under Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq Rule 5635(c)(4), and consequently is intended to be exempt from the Nasdaq rules regarding shareholder approval of stock option plans or other equity compensation arrangements. This Agreement and the terms and conditions of the RSUs shall be interpreted in accordance with and consistent with such exception. 1.2 Incorporation of Terms of Plan. The RSUs are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will control, unless it is expressly specified in this Agreement or the Grant Notice that the specific provision of the Plan will not apply. For clarity, the foregoing sentence shall not limit the applicability of any additive language contained in this Agreement which provides supplemental or additional terms not inconsistent with the Plan. 1.3 Unsecured Promise. The RSUs will at all times prior to settlement represent an unsecured Company obligation payable only from the Company s general assets. ARTICLE II. VESTING; FORFEITURE AND SETTLEMENT 2.1 Vesting; Forfeiture. The RSUs will vest according to the vesting schedule in the Grant Notice except that any fraction of an RSU that would otherwise be vested will be accumulated and will vest only when a whole RSU has accumulated. Except as otherwise set forth in the Grant Notice, the Plan or this Agreement, and unless the Administrator otherwise determines, in the event of Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, all unvested RSUs will immediately and automatically be cancelled and forfeited (after taking into consideration any accelerated vesting which may occur in connection with such Termination of Service, if any). 2.2 Settlement. (a) RSUs that vest will be paid in Shares as soon as administratively practicable after the vesting of the applicable RSU, but in no event later than sixty (60) days following the date on which the applicable RSU vests. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may delay any payment under this Agreement that the Company reasonably determines would violate Applicable Law or an applicable provision of the Plan until the earliest date the Company reasonably determines the making of the payment will not cause such a violation (in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii)); provided the Company reasonably believes the delay will not result in the imposition of excise taxes under Section 409A. 

2 ARTICLE III. TAXATION AND TAX WITHHOLDING 3.1 Representation. Participant represents to the Company that Participant has reviewed with Participant s own tax advisors the tax consequences of the RSUs and the transactions contemplated by the Grant Notice and this Agreement. Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. 3.2 Tax Withholding. (a) Subject to Section 3.2(b), payment of the applicable withholding tax obligations with respect to the RSUs may be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, as determined by [the Company in its sole discretion / Participant or the Administrator]: (i) Cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or check; (ii) By delivery of Shares, including Shares delivered by attestation, then- owned by Participant valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of delivery; (iii) By the Company withholding of Shares otherwise issuable in respect of the RSUs in satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations, valued at their Fair Market Value on the applicable date; (iv) With the consent of the Administrator, by delivery of a promissory note or other property that the Administrator determines is good and valuable consideration; or (v) By any combination of (i) - (iv) above. (b) Unless [the Company / Participant or the Administrator] otherwise determines, payment of the withholding tax obligations with respect to the RSUs shall be by [delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to satisfy the applicable tax withholding obligations] / [delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) by Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company that Participant has placed a market sell order with such broker with respect to Shares then-issuable upon settlement of the RSUs, and that the broker has been directed to deliver promptly to the Company funds sufficient to satisfy the applicable tax withholding obligations; provided, that payment of such proceeds is then made to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator]. (c) The number of Shares which may be so withheld or surrendered pursuant to Section 3.2(a) or (b) above shall be limited to the number of Shares which have a fair market value on the date of withholding no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the minimum individual statutory withholding rates in Participant s applicable jurisdictions for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to such taxable income, in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan. (d) Participant acknowledges that Participant is ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the RSUs, regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate takes with respect to any tax withholding obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary or affiliate makes any representation or undertaking regarding the 

3 treatment of any tax withholding in connection with the grant, vesting or payment of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of Shares. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the RSUs to reduce or eliminate Participant s tax liability. ARTICLE IV. OTHER PROVISIONS 4.1 Adjustments. Participant acknowledges that the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs are subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and the Plan. 4.2 Clawback. The RSUs and the Shares issuable hereunder shall be subject to any clawback or recoupment policy in effect on the Grant Date or as may be adopted or maintained by the Company following the Grant Date, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 4.3 Notices. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company must be in writing and addressed to the Company in care of the Company s Chief Legal Officer at the Company s principal office or the Chief Legal Officer s then-current email address or facsimile number. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to Participant must be in writing and addressed to Participant (or, if Participant is then deceased, to the Designated Beneficiary) at Participant s last known mailing address, email address or facsimile number in the Company s personnel files. By a notice given pursuant to this Section, either party may designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice will be deemed duly given when actually received, when sent by email, when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited with postage prepaid in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service, when delivered by a nationally recognized express shipping company or upon receipt of a facsimile transmission confirmation. 4.4 Titles. Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 4.5 Conformity to Securities Laws. Participant acknowledges that the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all Applicable Laws and, to the extent Applicable Laws permit, will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to Applicable Laws. 4.6 Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Agreement or the Plan, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 4.7 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the RSUs will be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, this Agreement will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 4.8 Entire Agreement. The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement (including any exhibit hereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

4 4.9 Severability. If any portion of the Grant Notice or this Agreement or any action taken under the Grant Notice or this Agreement, in any case is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Grant Notice and/or this Agreement (as applicable), and the Grant Notice and/or this Agreement (as applicable) will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action will be null and void. 4.10 Limitation on Participant s Rights. Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and may not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. Participant will have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the RSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive cash or the Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to the RSUs, as and when settled pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 4.11 Not a Contract of Employment or Service. Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement confers upon Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or its Subsidiary or affiliate or interferes with or restricts in any way the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary or affiliate and Participant. 4.12 Counterparts. The Grant Notice may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by way of any electronic signature, subject to Applicable Law, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one instrument. 4.13 Governing Law. The Grant Notice and this Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, disregarding any state s choice-of-law principles requiring the application of a jurisdiction s laws other than the State of Delaware. 

2 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 snce123122ex-211subsidiari.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Jurisdiction of Name of Subsidiary 
 Organization Science 37, Inc. Delaware Diversity in Clinical Research Foundation Delaware Science 37 s.r.o Slovak Republic Science 37 UK Limited England and Wales 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 snce123122ex-231consentofi.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements Form S-8 (No. 333-262610), (No. 333-266801), and (No. 333-268303) pertaining to the Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 2022 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan, Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan, Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and Science 37, Inc. 2015 Stock Plan of our report dated March 6, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Science 37 Holdings, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst and Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 snce123122ex-311certificat.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, David Coman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 6, 2023 
 By s David Coman Name David Coman Title Chief Executive Officer 
 principal executive officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 snce123122ex-312certificat.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Mike Zaranek, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Science 37 Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 6, 2023 
 By s Mike Zaranek Name Mike Zaranek Title Chief Financial Officer 
 principal financial officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 snce123122ex-321certificat.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of Science 37 Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, the undersigned, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 6, 2023 
 
 By s David Coman Name David Coman Title Chief Executive Officer 
 principal executive officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 snce123122ex-322certificat.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of Science 37 Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, the undersigned, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 6, 2023 
 By s Mike Zaranek Name Mike Zaranek Title Chief Financial Officer 
 principal financial officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 snce-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 snce-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 snce-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 snce-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 snce-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

