<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1436975_0001829126-23-002380.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5233487</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>271831</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>948303</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1453990</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1051618</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1361699</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002380.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329170506
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002380
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001436975
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				830511223
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54047
		FILM NUMBER:		23776058

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732 367 0129

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080606

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002380.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 lightstonevalue2_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
The Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

or 

Transition
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of
 Each Class 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.01 par value per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

There
is established market for the Registrant s common stock. As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the most recently completed
second quarter, there were 17.2 million shares of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant. On March
22, 2023, the board of directors of the Registrant approved an estimated value per share of the Registrant s common stock of 10.12
per share (after allocations to the holders of subordinated profits interests in the operating partnership) derived from the estimated
value of the Registrant s assets less the estimated value of the Registrant s liabilities divided by the number of shares
outstanding, all as of December 31, 2022. For a full description of the methodologies used to value the Registrant s assets and
liabilities in connection with the calculation of the estimated value per share, see Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Market Information. As of March 15,
2023, there were million shares of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT II, INC. 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 5 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 7 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 7 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 8 

Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1
 - F-28 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 31 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 31 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 31 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 31 

PART
 III 

Item 10. 
 Directors
 and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 32 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 34 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 36 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions 
 36 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 38 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 42 

Item 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 42 

Signatures 
 43 

i 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
annual report on Form 10-K, together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc.,
which was formerly known as Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. before September 16, 2021, contains certain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the
safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include this
statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions
and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words believe, expect, 
 intend, anticipate, estimate, project or similar expressions. You should not
rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases,
beyond our control and which could materially affect actual results, performances or achievements. Factors which may cause actual results
to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to (i) changes in market factors that could impact our rental
rates and operating costs, (ii) financing risks, such as the inability to obtain equity, debt, or other sources of financing on
favorable terms, (iii) changes in governmental laws and regulations, (iv) the level and volatility of interest rates, (v) the
availability of suitable acquisition opportunities and (vi) the continuing uncertainties regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, including its
impact on our business and the economy generally. Accordingly, there is no assurance that our expectations will be realized. 

Forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect our management s view only as of the date of this Report, and may ultimately
prove to be incorrect. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the
occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results, except as required by applicable law. We intend for these
forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions created by Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act. 

Cautionary
Note 

The
representations, warranties, and covenants made by us in any agreement filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are
made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement, including, in some cases, for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties
to the agreement, and should not be deemed to be representations, warranties, or covenants to or with any other parties. Moreover, these
representations, warranties, or covenants should not be relied upon as accurately describing or reflecting the current state of our affairs. 

ii 

PART I. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS: 

Dollar
amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data, revenue per available room RevPAR ), average daily rate ADR 
and where indicated in millions. 

General
Description of Business 

Structure 

Lightstone
Value Plus REIT II, Inc. Lightstone REIT II ), which was formerly known as Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment
Trust II, Inc. before September 16, 2021, is a Maryland corporation formed on April 28, 2008, which elected to qualify as a real estate
investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with the taxable year ending December 31, 2009. 

Lightstone
REIT II is structured as an umbrella partnership REIT UPREIT ), and substantially all of its current and future business
is and will be conducted through Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LP (the Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership
formed on April 30, 2008. As of December 31, 2022, we held a 99 general partnership interest in our Operating Partnership s common
units. 

Lightstone
REIT II and the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the Company and the use of we, 
 our, us or similar pronouns in this annual report refers to Lightstone REIT II, our Operating Partnership
or the Company as required by the context in which such pronoun is used. 

Through
our Operating Partnership, we own, operate commercial properties and make real estate-related investments. Since our inception, we have
primarily acquired and operated commercial hospitality properties, principally consisting of limited-service-hotels all located in the
United States. However, our commercial holdings may also consist of full-service hotels, and to a lesser extent, retail (primarily multi-tenanted
shopping centers), industrial and office properties. Our real estate investments are held by us alone or jointly with other parties.
In addition, we may invest up to 20 of our net assets in collateralized debt obligations, commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS and mortgage and mezzanine loans secured, directly or indirectly, by the same types of properties which we may acquire directly. Although
most of our investments are these types, we may invest in whatever types of real estate or real estate-related investments that we believe
are in our best interests. We evaluate all of our real estate investments as one operating segment. We currently intend to hold our investments
until such time as we determine that a sale or other disposition appears to be advantageous to achieve our investment objectives or until
it appears that the objectives will not be met. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we (i) majority owned and consolidated the operating results and financial condition of 12 limited-service hotels
containing a total of 1,582 rooms, (ii) held an unconsolidated 48.6 membership interest in Brownmill,
LLC (the Brownmill Joint Venture ), an affiliated entity that owns two retail properties, and (iii) held an unconsolidated
50.0 membership interest in LVP LIC Hotel JV LLC (the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture ), an affiliated real estate entity
that owns and operates a 183-room limited-service hotel located in Long Island City, New York (the Hilton Garden Inn Long
Island City ). We account for our membership interests in the Brownmill Joint Venture and the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture under
the equity method of accounting. 

The
Brownmill Joint Venture owns two retail properties known as Browntown Shopping Center, located in Old Bridge, New Jersey, and Millburn
Mall, located in Vauxhaull, New Jersey. The Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture owns a 183-room, limited-service hotel (the Hilton
Garden Inn Long Island City) located in the Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. Both the Brownmill
Joint Venture and the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture are between us and related parties. 

As
of December 31, 2022, seven of our consolidated limited-service hotels are held in LVP Holdco JV LLC (the Hotel Joint Venture ),
a joint venture formed between us and Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. Lightstone REIT I ), a related party REIT also
sponsored by The Lightstone Group, LLC. We and Lightstone REIT I have 97.5 and 2.5 membership interests in the Hotel Joint Venture,
respectively. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, one of our consolidated hotels also has ownership interests held by unrelated minority
owners. The membership interests of Lightstone REIT I and the unrelated minority owners are accounted for as noncontrolling interests. 

See
Item 2. Properties for additional information on our consolidated and unconsolidated properties. 

1 

Our
advisor is Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LLC (the Advisor ), which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein. On May 20, 2008,
the Advisor contributed 2 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner units in the Operating Partnership. Our Advisor
also owns 20,000 shares of common stock Common Shares which were issued on May 20, 2008 for 200, or 10.00 per share.
Mr. Lichtenstein also is the majority owner of the equity interests of The Lightstone Group, LLC. The Lightstone Group, LLC served as
the sponsor (the Sponsor during our initial public offering (the Offering and follow-on offering (the Follow-On
Offering , and collectively, the Offerings ), which terminated on August 15, 2012 and September 27, 2014, respectively.
Our Advisor, pursuant to the terms of an advisory agreement, together with our board of directors (the Board of Directors ),
is primarily responsible for making investment decisions on our behalf and managing our day-to-day operations. Through his ownership
and control of The Lightstone Group, LLC, Mr. Lichtenstein is the indirect owner and manager of Lightstone SLP II LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the Associate General Partner ), which owns 177.0 subordinated profits interests Subordinated
Profits Interests in the Operating Partnership which were acquired for aggregate consideration of 17.7 million in connection
with our Offerings. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but
does not control Lightstone REIT II or the Operating Partnership. 

We
have no employees. The Advisor and its affiliates perform a full range of real estate services for us, including asset management, accounting,
legal, and property management, as well as investor relations services. 

Our
Advisor has affiliates which may manage certain of the properties we acquire. However, we also contract with other unaffiliated third-party
property managers, principally for the management of our hospitality properties. 

Our
Common Shares are not currently listed on a national securities exchange. We may seek to list our Common Shares for trading on a national
securities exchange only if a majority of our independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of our stockholders.
We do not intend to list our Common Shares at this time. We do not anticipate that there would be any market for our Common Shares until
they are listed for trading. 

On
January 17, 2023, our stockholders approved an amendment and restatement to our charter pursuant to which we
are no longer required to either (a) amend our charter to extend the deadline to begin the process of achieving a liquidity event, or
(b) hold a stockholders meeting to vote on a proposal for an orderly liquidation of our portfolio. 

Noncontrolling
Interests Partners of the Operating Partnership 

Limited
Partner 

On
May 20, 2008, our Advisor contributed 2 to our Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner common units in our Operating
Partnership. The Advisor has the right to convert limited partner common units into cash or, at our option, an equal number of our Common
Shares. 

Associate
General Partner 

In
connection with our Offerings, the Associate General Partner contributed an aggregate of 17.7 million consisting of (i) cash of 12.9
million and (ii) equity interests totaling 48.6 in the Brownmill Joint Venture, which were valued at 4.8 million, to the Operating
Partnership in exchange for 177.0 Subordinated Profits Interests in the Operating Partnership with an aggregate value of 17.7 million.
As the majority owner of the Associate General Partner, Mr. Lichtenstein is the beneficial owner of a 99 interest in such Subordinated
Profits Interests and thus receives an indirect benefit from any distributions made in respect thereof. 

These
Subordinated Profits Interests may entitle the Associate General Partner to a portion of any regular distributions that we make to our
stockholders, but only after our stockholders have received a stated preferred return. There have been no distributions declared on the
Subordinated Profits Interests for any periods after December 31, 2019. Since our inception through December 31, 2022, the cumulative
distributions declared and paid on the Subordinated Profits Interests were 7.9 million. Any future distributions on the Subordinated
Profits Interests will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a stated preferred return. 

The
Subordinated Profits Interests may also entitle Lightstone SLP II, LLC to a portion of any liquidating distributions made by the Operating
Partnership. The value of such distributions will depend upon the net sale proceeds upon the liquidation of the Company and, therefore,
cannot be determined at the present time. Liquidating distributions to Lightstone SLP II, LLC will always be subordinated until stockholders
receive a distribution equal to their initial investment plus a stated preferred return. 

Other
Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Other
noncontrolling interests consist of the (i) membership interest in the Hotel Joint Venture held by Lightstone REIT I and (ii) membership
interests held by minority owners in one of our hotels. 

2 

Related
Parties 

Our
Sponsor, Advisor and their affiliates, including the Special Limited Partner, are related parties of ours as well as other public REITs
also sponsored and/or advised by these entities. Pursuant to the terms of various agreements, certain of these entities are entitled
to compensation and reimbursement of costs incurred for services related to the investment, development, management and disposition of
our assets. The compensation is generally based on the cost of acquired properties/investments and the annual revenue earned from such
properties/investments, and other such fees and expense reimbursements as outlined in each of the respective agreements. 

Primary
Business Objectives and Strategies 

Our
primary objective is to achieve capital appreciation with a secondary objective of income without subjecting principal to undue risk.
We intend to achieve this goal primarily through investments in real estate properties. 

Investment
Strategy and Policies 

We
have and expect to continue to invest in commercial properties (including full-service or limited-service hotels, extended-stay hotels
and retail properties) and residential properties, as well as other real estate-related investments principally in North America. Our
acquisitions may include both portfolios and individual properties. Full-service hotels generally provide a full complement of guest
amenities including restaurants, concierge and room service, porter service or valet parking. Limited-service hotels typically do not
include these amenities. Extended-stay hotels offer upscale, high-quality, residential style lodging with a comprehensive package of
guest services and amenities for extended-stay business and leisure travelers. We have no limitation as to the brand of franchise or
license with which our hotels are associated. We generally intend to hold each acquired property until its investment objectives are
met or it is likely they will not be met. 

Even
though we have and expect to continue primarily to acquire hotels, we have and may continue to purchase other types of real estate. Assets
other than hotels may include, without limitation, office buildings, shopping centers, business and industrial parks, manufacturing facilities,
single-tenant properties, multifamily properties, student housing properties, warehouses and distribution facilities and medical office
properties. We have and expect to continue to invest mainly in direct real estate investments and other equity interests; however, we
may also invest in debt interests, which may include bridge or mezzanine loans. We have not established any limits on the percentage
of our portfolio that may be comprised of various categories of assets which present differing levels of risk. 

We
have and expect to continue to enter into joint ventures, tenant-in-common investments or other co-ownership arrangements for the acquisition,
development or improvement of properties with third parties or certain affiliates of our Advisor, including other present and future
REITs and real estate limited partnerships sponsored by affiliates of our Advisor. 

Financing
Strategy and Policies 

There
is no limitation on the amount we may invest or borrow for the purchase of any single asset. Our charter allows us to incur leverage
up to 300 of our total net assets (as defined in Section I.B of the NASAA REIT Guidelines) as of the date of any borrowing,
which is generally expected to be approximately 75 of the cost of our investments. We may only exceed this 300 limit if a majority
of our independent directors approves each borrowing in excess of this limit and we disclose such borrowing to our stockholders in our
next quarterly report along with a justification for the excess borrowing. In all events, we expect that our secured and unsecured borrowings
will be reasonable in relation to the net value of our assets and will be reviewed by our board of directors at least quarterly. 

We
do not currently intend to exceed the leverage limit in our charter. Careful use of debt will help us to achieve our diversification
goals because we will have more funds available for investment. However, high levels of debt could cause us to incur higher interest
charges and higher debt service payments, which would decrease the amount of cash available for distribution to our investors. 

Tax
Status and Income Taxes 

We
elected to be taxed and qualify as a REIT commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2009. As a REIT, we generally will not
be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our net taxable income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. To maintain our REIT
qualification under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, we must meet a number of organizational and operational
requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which
does not equal net income, as calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
or GAAP), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. If we fail to remain qualified
for taxation as a REIT in any subsequent year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, our income for that year will
be taxed at regular corporate rates, and we may be precluded from qualifying for treatment as a REIT for the four-year period following
our failure to qualify as a REIT. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution
to our stockholders. Additionally, even if we continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may still be subject
to some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and to U.S. federal income taxes and excise taxes on our undistributed
income, if any. 

3 

To
maintain our qualification as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ), including
when we acquire a hotel we usually establish a TRS and enter into an operating lease agreement for the hotel. As such, we are subject
to U.S. federal and state income taxes and franchise taxes from these activities. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no material uncertain income tax positions. 

Current
Environment 

Our
operating results and financial condition are substantially impacted by the overall health of local, U.S. national and global economies
and may be influenced by market and other challenges. Additionally, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected
by current and future economic and other conditions; including, but not limited to, availability or terms of financings, financial markets
volatility and uncertainty as a result of recent banking failures, political upheaval or uncertainty, natural and man-made disasters,
terrorism and acts of war, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, outbreaks of contagious diseases, cybercrime, loss of key relationships,
inflation and recession. 

Our
overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on consumer behavior. Worsening
economic conditions, increases in costs due to inflation, higher interest rates, certain labor and supply chain challenges, developments
related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other changes in economic conditions, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial
performance . 

Competition

The
hotel market is highly competitive. This competition could reduce occupancy levels and revenues at our properties, which would adversely
affect our operations. We face competition from many sources. We face competition from other hotels both in the immediate vicinity and
the geographic market where our hotels are located. Overbuilding in the hotel industry may increase the number of rooms available and
may decrease occupancy and room rates. In addition, increases in operating costs due to inflation may not be offset by increased room
rates. We also face competition from nationally recognized hotel brands with which we are not associated. 

We
have or may compete with other commercial real estate owners and operators of retail, office, industrial and residential real estate.
The continued development of new retail, office, industrial and residential properties has intensified the competition among owners and
operators of these types of real estate in many market areas in which we intend to operate. We compete based on a number of factors that
include location, rental rates, security, suitability of the property s design to prospective tenants needs and the manner
in which the property is operated and marketed. The number of competing properties in a particular market could have a material effect
on our occupancy levels, rental rates and on the operating expenses of our properties. 

In
addition, we compete with other entities engaged in real estate investment activities to locate suitable properties to acquire and to
locate tenants and purchasers for our properties. These competitors include other REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan
associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, lenders,
governmental bodies and other entities. There are also other REITs with asset acquisition objectives similar to ours and others that
may be organized in the future. Some of these competitors, including larger REITs, have substantially greater marketing and financial
resources than we will have and generally may be able to accept more risk than we can prudently manage, including risks with respect
to the creditworthiness of tenants. In addition, these same entities seek financing through similar channels to those sought by us. Therefore,
we will compete for institutional investors in a market where funds for real estate investment may decrease. 

Competition
from these and other third party real estate investors may limit the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us. It
may also result in higher prices, lower yields and a narrower spread of yields over our borrowing costs, making it more difficult for
us to acquire new investments on attractive terms. In addition, competition for desirable investments could delay investments, which
may in turn reduce our earnings per share and negatively affect our ability make distributions to stockholders. 

We
believe that our senior management s experience, coupled with our financing, professionalism, diversity of investments and reputation
in the industry enables us to compete with the other real estate investment companies. 

Because
we are organized as an UPREIT, we believe we are well positioned within the industries in which we operate to potentially offer existing
owners the opportunity to contribute properties to Lightstone REIT II in tax-deferred transactions using our Operating Partnership units
as transactional currency. As a result, we believe we may have a competitive advantage over most of our competitors that are structured
as traditional REITs and non-REITs in pursuing acquisitions with tax-sensitive sellers. 

4 

Regulations 

Our
investments are subject to various federal, state and local laws, ordinances, and regulations, including, among other things, zoning
regulations, land use controls, and environmental matters. We believe that we have or will obtain all permits and approvals necessary
under current law to operate our investments. 

Environmental

As
an owner of real estate, we are subject to various environmental laws of U.S. federal, state and local governments. Compliance with existing
laws has not had a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, and management does not believe it will
have such an impact in the future. However, we cannot predict the impact of unforeseen environmental contingencies or new or changed
laws or regulations on properties in which we hold an interest, or on properties that may be acquired directly or indirectly in the future. 

Available
Information 

We
electronically file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those
reports, and proxy statements, with the SEC. Stockholders may obtain copies of our filings with the SEC, free of charge, from the website
maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov, or at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.
The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our office is located
at 1985 Cedar Bridge Avenue, Lakewood, NJ 08701. Our telephone number is (732) 367-0129. Our website is www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS: 

None
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES: 

As
of December 31, 2022, we (i) majority owned and consolidated the operating results and financial condition of 12 limited-service hotels
containing a total of 1,582 rooms, (ii) held an unconsolidated 48.6 membership interest in Brownmill,
LLC (the Brownmill Joint Venture ), an affiliated entity that owns two retail properties, and (iii) held an unconsolidated
50.0 membership interest in LVP LIC Hotel JV LLC (the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture ), an affiliated real estate entity
that owns and operates a 183-room limited-service hotel located in Long Island City, New York (the Hilton Garden Inn Long
Island City ). We account for our membership interests in the Brownmill Joint Venture and the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture under
the equity method of accounting. 

The
Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture owns a 183-room, limited-service hotel (the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City) located
in the Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. The Brownmill Joint Venture owns two retail properties known
as Browntown Shopping Center, located in Old Bridge, New Jersey, and Millburn Mall, located in Vauxhaull, New Jersey. Both the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture and the Brownmill Joint Venture are between us and related parties. 

As
of December 31, 2022, seven of our consolidated limited-service hotels are held in LVP Holdco JV LLC (the Hotel Joint Venture ),
a joint venture formed between us and Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. Lightstone REIT I ), a related party REIT also
sponsored by The Lightstone Group, LLC. We and Lightstone REIT I have 97.5 and 2.5 membership interests in the Hotel Joint Venture,
respectively. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, one of our consolidated hotels also has ownership interests held by unrelated minority
owners. The membership interests of Lightstone REIT I and the unrelated minority owners are accounted for as noncontrolling interests. 

5 

Location 
 Year Built 
 Leasable Square Feet 
 Percentage Occupied as of December 31, 2022 
 Annualized Revenues based on rents as of December 31, 2022 
 Annualized Revenues per square foot as of December 31, 2022(1) 
 
 Unconsolidated Affiliated Entities: 

Retail 

Brownmill LLC (2 retail properties) 
 Old Bridge and Vauxhall, New Jersey 
 1962 
 155,975 
 90.6 
 3.0 million 
 19.37 

Hospitality 
 Location 
 Year Built 
 Year to Date Available Rooms 
 Percentage Occupied for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Revenue per Available Room RevPAR for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Average Daily Rate ADR for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Hilton Garden Inn - Long Island City 
 Long Island City, New York 
 2014 
 66,795 
 90.0 
 161.17 
 179.14 

Consolidated Properties: Hospitality 
 Location 
 Year Built 
 Year to Date Available Rooms 
 Percentage Occupied for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 RevPAR for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 ADR for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Fairfield Inn - East Rutherford 
 East Rutherford, New Jersey 
 1990 
 51,465 
 73.4 
 93.09 
 126.78 

Aloft - Tucson 
 Tucson, Arizona 
 1971 
 56,210 
 61.7 
 92.72 
 150.30 

Aloft - Philadelphia 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 2008 
 49,640 
 67.5 
 74.23 
 110.01 

Four Points by Sheraton - Philadelphia 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 1985 
 64,605 
 70.7 
 68.37 
 96.69 

Courtyard - Willoughby 
 Willoughby, Ohio 
 1999 
 32,850 
 63.7 
 80.04 
 125.75 

Fairfield Inn - DesMoines 
 West Des Moines, Iowa 
 1997 
 37,230 
 60.9 
 62.25 
 102.29 

SpringHill Suites - DesMoines 
 West Des Moines, Iowa 
 1999 
 35,405 
 68.9 
 66.84 
 97.06 

Hampton Inn - Miami 
 Miami, Florida 
 1996 
 45,990 
 88.6 
 104.14 
 117.58 

Hampton Inn Suites - Fort Lauderdale 
 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
 1996 
 37,960 
 81.7 
 120.99 
 148.08 

Courtyard - Parsippany 
 Parsippany, New Jersey 
 2001 
 55,115 
 52.8 
 69.84 
 132.28 

Hyatt Place - New Orleans 
 New Orleans, Louisiana 
 1996 
 62,780 
 49.5 
 88.56 
 178.86 

Residence Inn - Needham 
 Needham, Massachusetts 
 2013 
 48,180 
 84.4 
 133.42 
 158.15 

Hospitality Total 
 577,430 
 67.9 
 87.70 
 129.12 

Note: 

(1) Annualized
 revenue is defined as the minimum monthly payments due as of December 31, 2022 annualized,
 excluding periodic contractual fixed increases and rents calculated based on a percentage
 of tenants sales. The annualized base rent disclosed in the table above includes all
 concessions, abatements and reimbursements of rent to tenants. 

6 

The
following information generally applies to our investments in our real estate properties: 

we
believe our real estate properties are adequately covered by insurance and suitable for their intended purpose; 

our
real estate properties are located in markets where we are subject to competition; and 

depreciation
is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the applicable improvements. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS: 

From
time to time in the ordinary course of business, we may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. 

As
of the date hereof, we are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible
to have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the
contingency and possible range of loss. Additionally, we have not recorded any loss contingencies related to legal proceedings in which
the potential loss is deemed to be remote. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

7 

PART II. 

Dollar
amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data, revenue per available room RevPAR ), average daily rate ADR 
and where indicated in millions. 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES: 

Shareholder
Information 

As
of March 15, 2023, we had 17.1 million shares of our common stock Common Shares outstanding, held by a total of 5,183
stockholders. The number of stockholders is based on the records of DST Systems Inc., which serves as our registrar and transfer agent. 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Shares are not currently listed on a national securities exchange. We may seek to list our Common Shares for trading on a national
securities exchange only if a majority of our independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of our stockholders.
We do not intend to list our Common Shares at this time. We do not anticipate that there would be any active market for our Common Shares
until they are listed for trading. 

On
January 17, 2023, our stockholders approved an amendment and restatement to our charter pursuant to which we
are no longer required to either (a) amend our charter to extend the deadline to begin the process of achieving a liquidity event, or
(b) hold a stockholders meeting to vote on a proposal for an orderly liquidation of its portfolio. 

NAV
and NAV per Share 

On
March 22, 2023, our Board of Directors determined and approved our estimated net asset value NAV of 173.8 million
and resulting NAV per share of common stock NAV per Share of 10.12, both as of December 31, 2022 and both after Lightstone
SLP II LLC s purchase of Subordinated Profits Interests in our Operating. In the calculation of our NAV, no allocation of value
was made to Lightstone SLP II LLC s Subordinated Profits Interests because the NAV per Share did not exceed an aggregate 10.00
price per share plus a cumulative, pre-tax non-compounded annual return of 7.0 as of December 31, 2022. In connection with our initial
public offering (the Offering and follow-on offering (the Follow-On Offering, and collectively, the Offerings ),
which concluded on August 12, 2012 and September 27, 2014, respectively, Lightstone SLP II LLC contributed an aggregate of 17.7
million consisting of (i) cash of 12.9 million and (ii) aggregate equity interests of 48.6 in Brownmill, LLC (the Brownmill
Joint Venture ), an affiliated entity that owns two retail properties, which were aggregately valued at 4.8 million, in exchange
for 177.0 Subordinated Profits Interests, at a cost of 100,000 per unit, with an aggregate value of 17.7 million. 

The
NAV per shares was calculated as of a particular point in time. The NAV per share will fluctuate over time in response to developments
related to individual assets in the portfolio and the management of those assets and in response to the real estate and finance markets.
There is no assurance of the extent to which the current estimated valuation should be relied upon for any purpose after its effective
date regardless that it may be published on any statement issued by us or otherwise. 

Process
and Methodology 

Our
business in externally managed by Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LLC (the Advisor ), an affiliate of the Lightstone Group,
LLC, which provides advisory services to us and we have no employees. Our Advisor, along with any necessary material assistance or confirmation
of a third-party valuation expert or service, is responsible for calculating our NAV and resulting NAV per Share, which we currently
expect will be done on at least an annual basis unless our Common Shares are approved for listing on a national securities exchange.
Our Board of Directors will review and approve each NAV and resulting NAV per Share. 

Our
NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022 were calculated with the assistance of both our Advisor and Robert A. Stanger 
Co. Inc. Stanger ), an independent third-party valuation firm engaged by us to assist with the valuation
of our assets, liabilities and any allocations of value to Subordinated Profits Interests. Our Advisor recommended and our Board of Directors
established the NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022 based upon the analyses and reports provided by our Advisor and Stanger. The
process for estimating the value of our assets, liabilities and any allocation of value to the Subordinated Profits Interests is performed
in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Program Association Practice Guideline 2013-01, Valuation of Publicly
Registered Non-Listed REITs. We believe that our valuations were developed in a manner reasonably designed to ensure their
reliability. 

8 

The
engagement of Stanger with respect to our NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022 was approved by our Board of Directors,
including all of our independent directors. Stanger has extensive experience in conducting asset valuations, including valuations of
commercial real estate, debt, properties and real estate-related investments. 

With
respect to our NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022, Stanger prepared appraisal reports (the Stanger
Appraisal Reports ), summarizing key inputs and assumptions, on 14 properties (12 hospitality properties and two retail
properties and collectively, the Stanger Appraised Properties of the 15 properties in which we held ownership
interests as of December 31, 2022. 

Stanger
also prepared a NAV report (the December 2022 NAV Report which estimated the NAV per Share as of December 31,
2022. The December 2022 NAV Report relied upon (i) the Stanger Appraisal Reports for the Stanger Appraised Properties and an
appraisal report prepared by another independent third-party valuation firm for the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City, (ii) Stanger s
estimated value of our mortgage and notes payable, (iii) Stanger s estimate of the allocation of any value to the Subordinated
Profits Interests, and (iv) our Advisor s estimate of the value of our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, restricted
cash, other assets, other liabilities and other noncontrolling interests, to calculate NAV per Share, all as of December 31, 2022. 

The
table below sets forth the calculation of our NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022 as well as the comparable
calculation as of December 31, 2021. 

Dollar
and share amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data. 

As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Value 
 Per Share 
 Value 
 Per Share 
 
 Net Assets: 

Real Estate Properties 
 250,579 
 14.59 
 283,718 
 16.37 
 
 Non-Real Estate Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 42,233 
 
 15,126 

Marketable securities 
 4,193 
 
 6,777 

Restricted cash 
 333 
 
 1,833 

Other assets 
 4,165 
 
 2,981 

Total non-real estate assets 
 50,924 
 2.97 
 26,717 
 1.54 
 
 Total Assets 
 301,503 
 17.56 
 310,435 
 17.91 
 
 Liabilities: 

Mortgages payable 
 (118,485 
 
 (136,464 

Margin loan 
 - 
 
 (2,292 

Other liabilities 
 (8,001 
 
 (6,508 

Total liabilities 
 (126,486 
 (7.37 
 (145,264 
 (8.38 
 
 Other Non-Controlling Interests 
 (1,260 
 (0.07 
 (1,316 
 (0.08 
 
 Net Asset Value before Allocations to Subordinated Profits Interests 
 173,757 
 10.12 
 163,856 
 9.45 
 
 Allocations to Subordinated Profits Interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Asset Value 
 173,757 
 10.12 
 163,856 
 9.45 

Shares of Common Stock Outstanding 
 17,172 
 
 17,331 

Use
of Independent Valuation Firm: 

As
discussed above, our Advisor is responsible for calculating our NAV. In connection with determining our NAV, our Advisor may rely on
the material assistance or confirmation of a third-party valuation expert or service. In this regard, Stanger was selected by our Board
of Directors to assist our Advisor in the calculation of our NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022. Stanger s
services included appraising the Stanger Appraised Properties and preparing the December 2022 NAV Report. Stanger is engaged in
the business of appraising commercial real estate properties and is not affiliated with us or our Advisor. The compensation we paid to
Stanger was based on the scope of work and not on the appraised values of our real estate properties. The appraisals were performed in
accordance with the Code of Ethics and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, or USPAP, the real estate appraisal
industry standards created by The Appraisal Foundation. The Stanger Appraisal Reports were reviewed, approved, and signed by an individual
with the professional designation of MAI licensed in the state where each real property is located. The use of the reports is subject
to the requirements of the Appraisal Institute relating to review by its duly authorized representatives. In preparing its reports, Stanger
did not, and was not requested to; solicit third-party indications of interest for our common stock in connection with possible purchases
thereof or the acquisition of all or any part of us. 

9 

Stanger
collected reasonably available material information that it deemed relevant in appraising these real estate properties. Stanger relied
in part on property-level information provided by our Advisor, including (i) property historical and projected operating revenues
and expenses; and (ii) information regarding recent or planned capital expenditures. 

In
conducting their investigation and analyses, Stanger took into account customary and accepted financial and commercial procedures and
considerations as they deemed relevant. Although Stanger reviewed information supplied or otherwise made available by us or our Advisor
for reasonableness, they assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all such information and of all information supplied
or otherwise made available to them by any other party and did not independently verify any such information. Stanger assumed that any
operating or financial forecasts and other information and data provided to or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with Stanger were reasonably
prepared in good faith on bases reflecting the then best currently available estimates and judgments of our management, our Board of
Directors, and/or our Advisor. Stanger relied on us to advise them promptly if any information previously provided became inaccurate
or was required to be updated during the period of their review. 

In
performing its analyses, Stanger made numerous other assumptions as of various points in time with respect to industry performance, general
business, economic, and regulatory conditions, and other matters, many of which are beyond their control and our control. Stanger also
made assumptions with respect to certain factual matters. For example, unless specifically informed to the contrary, Stanger assumed
that we have clear and marketable title to each real estate property appraised, that no title defects exist, that any improvements were
made in accordance with law, that no hazardous materials are present or were present previously, that no significant deed restrictions
exist, and that no changes to zoning ordinances or regulations governing use, density, or shape are pending or being considered. Furthermore,
Stanger s analyses, opinions, and conclusions were necessarily based upon market, economic, financial, and other circumstances
and conditions existing as of or prior to the date of the Stanger Appraisal Reports, and any material change in such circumstances and
conditions may affect Stanger s analyses and conclusions. The Stanger Appraisal Reports contain other assumptions, qualifications,
and limitations that qualify the analyses, opinions, and conclusions set forth therein. Furthermore, the prices at which our real estate
properties may actually be sold could differ from Stanger s analyses. 

Stanger
is actively engaged in the business of appraising commercial real estate properties similar to those owned by us in connection with public
security offerings, private placements, business combinations, and similar transactions. We do not believe that there are any material
conflicts of interest between Stanger, on the one hand, and us, our Sponsor, our Advisor, and our affiliates, on the other hand. Our
Advisor engaged Stanger on behalf of our Board of Directors to deliver their reports to assist in the NAV calculation as of December 31,
2022 and Stanger received compensation for those efforts. In addition, we agreed to indemnify Stanger against certain liabilities arising
out of this engagement. Stanger has previously assisted in our prior NAV calculations and has also been engaged by us for certain appraisal
and valuation services in connection with our financial reporting requirements. Stanger has received usual and customary fees in connection
with those services. Stanger may from time to time in the future perform other services for us and our Sponsor or other affiliates of
the Sponsor, so long as such other services do not adversely affect the independence of Stanger as certified in the Appraisal Reports.
During the past two years Stanger has also been engaged to provide appraisal services to another non-traded REIT sponsored by our Sponsor
for which it was paid usual and customary fees. 

Although
Stanger considered any comments received from us and our Advisor relating to their reports, the final appraised values of the Stanger
Appraised Properties were determined by Stanger. The reports were addressed to our Board of Directors to assist our Board of Directors
in calculating an estimated value per share of our common stock as of December 31, 2022. The reports were not addressed to the public,
may not be relied upon by any other person to establish an estimated value per share of our common stock, and do not constitute a recommendation
to any person to purchase or sell any shares of our common stock. 

Our
goal in calculating our NAV is to arrive at values that are reasonable and supportable using what we deem to be appropriate valuation
methodologies and assumptions. The reports, including the analysis, opinions, and conclusions set forth in such reports, are qualified
by the assumptions, qualifications, and limitations set forth in the respective reports. The following is a summary of our valuation
methodologies used to value our assets and liabilities by key component: 

Real
Estate Properties : As of December 31, 2022, we have ownership interests in (i) 12 consolidated properties and
(ii) three unconsolidated real estate properties held in joint ventures (collectively, the Real Estate Properties ).
With respect to our consolidated properties as of December 31, 2022, we majority owned and consolidated the operating results and
financial condition of 12 hospitality properties, or limited-services hotels, containing a total of 1,582 rooms (collectively, the Consolidated
Real Estate Properties ). With respect to our unconsolidated properties as of December 31, 2022, we held a (i) 48.6 
membership interest in the Brownmill Joint Venture, an affiliated real estate entity, which owns two retail properties known as Browntown
Shopping Center located in Old Bridge, New Jersey and Milburn Mall located in Vauxhaull, New Jersey and collectively are referred to
as the Brownmill Properties and (ii) 50.0 membership interest in LVP LIC Hotel JV LLC (the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture ),
an affiliated real estate entity, which owns the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City, 183-room, limited-service hotel located
in Long Island City. We do not consolidate our membership interests in the Brownmill Joint Venture and the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture
but rather account for them both under the equity method of accounting. 

10 

As
described above, we engaged Stanger to provide an appraisal of the Stanger Appraised Properties, which consisted of 14 of the 15 Real
Estate Assets in which we held ownership interests as of December 31, 2022. We also engaged another third-party valuation firm to
provide an appraisal report for the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City. In preparing their appraisal reports, Stanger and the
other independent third-party valuation firm, among other things: 

Performed
a site visit of each property in connection with this assignment or previous assignments; 

Interviewed
our officers or our Advisor s personnel to obtain information relating to the physical condition of each appraised property, including
known environmental conditions, status of ongoing or planned property additions and reconfigurations, and other factors for such leased
properties; 

Reviewed
lease agreements for those properties subject to a long-term lease and discussed with us or our Advisor certain lease provisions and
factors on each property; and 

Reviewed
the acquisition criteria and parameters used by real estate investors for properties similar to the subject properties, including a search
of real estate data sources and publications concerning real estate buyer s criteria, discussions with sources deemed appropriate,
and a review of transaction data for similar properties. 

Stanger
and the other independent third-party valuation firm employed the income approach and the sales comparison approach to estimate the value
of the appraised properties. The income approach involves an economic analysis of the property based on its potential to provide future
net annual income. As part of the valuation, a discounted cash flow analysis DCF Analysis and direct capitalization
analysis DC Analysis was used in the income approach to determine the value of our interest in the portfolio. The indicated
value by the income approach represents the amount an investor may pay for the expectation of receiving the net cash flow from the property. 

The
DC Analysis is based upon the net operating income of the property capitalized at an appropriate capitalization rate for the property
based upon property characteristics and competitive position and market conditions at the date of the appraisal. 

In
applying the DCF Analysis, pro forma statements of operations for the property including revenues and expenses are analyzed and projected
over a multi-year period. The property is assumed to be sold at the end of the multi-year holding period. The reversion value of the
property which can be realized upon sale at the end of the holding period is calculated based on the capitalization of the estimated
net operating income of the property in the year of sale, utilizing a capitalization rate deemed appropriate in light of the age, anticipated
functional and economic obsolescence and competitive position of the property at the time of sale. Net proceeds to owners are determined
by deducting appropriate costs of sale. The discount rate selected for the DCF Analysis is based upon estimated target rates of return
for buyers of similar properties. 

The
sales comparison approach utilizes indices of value derived from actual or proposed sales of comparable properties to estimate the value
of the subject property. The appraiser analyzed such comparable sale data as was available to develop a market value conclusion for the
subject property. 

Stanger
prepared the Stanger Appraisal Reports and the other independent third-party valuation firm prepared an appraisal report for the Hilton
Garden Inn Long Island City, summarizing key inputs and assumptions, for each of the appraised properties using financial information
provided by us and our Advisor. From such review, Stanger and the other independent third-party valuation firm selected the appropriate
cash flow discount rate, residual discount rate, and terminal capitalization rate in the DCF Analysis, if applicable, the appropriate
capitalization rate in the DC Analysis and the appropriate price per unit in the sales comparison analysis. As for those properties consolidated
on our financials, and for which we do not own 100 of the ownership interest, the property value was adjusted to reflect our ownership
interest in such property after consideration of the distribution priorities associated with each property. 

The
estimated values for our investments in real estate may or may not represent current market values and do not equal the book values of
our real estate investments in accordance with GAAP. Our consolidated investments in real estate are currently carried in our consolidated
financial statements at their amortized cost basis, adjusted for any loss impairments and bargain purchase gains recognized to date.
Our unconsolidated investments in real estate are accounted for under the equity method of accounting in our consolidated financial statements. 

11 

The
following summarizes the key assumptions that were used in each DCF Analysis to estimate the value of the remaining Stanger Appraised
Properties (12 hospitality properties, all of which are consolidated, and two retail properties, both of which are unconsolidated) and
the Hilton Garden Inn - Long Island City, which is unconsolidated, as of December 31, 2022: 

Consolidated Real Estate Properties 
 Unconsolidated Real
 Estate Properties 

(12 hospitality properties) 
 (two retail properties) 
 (one hospitality property) 
 
 Weighted-average: 

Exit capitalization rate 
 7.88 
 6.83 
 6.00 
 
 Discount rate 
 9.40 
 7.74 
 7.00 
 
 Annual market rent growth rate 
 4.05 
 2.30 
 3.38 
 
 Annual net operating income growth rate 
 5.51 
 1.46 
 4.14 
 
 Holding period (in years) 
 10 
 10 
 12 

While
we believe that the assumptions utilized are reasonable, a change in these assumptions would affect the calculation of the value of our
Real Estate Properties. The table below presents the estimated increase or decrease to our NAV per Share resulting from a 25-basis point
increase and decrease in the discount rates and capitalization rates. The table is presented to provide a hypothetical illustration of
possible results if only one change in assumptions was made, with all other factors remaining constant. Further, each of these assumptions
could change by more or less than 25 basis points or not at all. 

Change in NAV per Share 

Increase of 25 basis points 
 Decrease of 25 basis points 
 
 Capitalization rate 
 (0.29 
 0.31 
 
 Discount rate 
 (0.29 
 0.31 

As
of December 31, 2022, the aggregate estimated fair value of our interests in the Consolidated Real Estate Properties was 221.8 million
and the aggregate carrying value of our Consolidated Real Estate Properties was 180.1 million, which equates to an overall increase
in value of 23.2 . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of our 48.6 membership interest in the Brownmill Joint Venture of 11.1 million was calculated
based on the gross appraised value of the Brownmill Properties of 34.6 million less the fair value of the outstanding indebtedness of
 12.6 million plus all other non-real estate assets and liabilities, net of 0.9 million. The estimated fair value of our 48.6 membership
interest in the Brownmill Joint Venture of 11.1 million compared to our carrying value of 4.2 million, both as of December 31, 2022,
equates to an increase in value of 164.3 . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of our 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture of 17.8 million
was calculated based on the gross appraised value of the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City of 67.3 million less the fair value
of the outstanding indebtedness of 32.3 million plus all other non-real estate assets and liabilities, net of 0.5 million. The estimated
fair value of our 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture of 17.8 million compared to our carrying value of
 9.6 million, both as of December 31, 2022, equates to an increase in value of 85.4 . 

Cash
and cash equivalents: The estimated values of our cash and cash equivalents approximate their carrying values due to their
short maturities. 

Marketable
securities, available for sale: The estimated values of our marketable securities,
available for sale, are based on Level 1 and Level 2 inputs. Level 1 inputs are inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly,
such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are inputs that are observable, either directly
or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs
that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. All
of our marketable securities measured using Level 2 inputs were valued based on a market approach using readily available quoted market
prices for similar assets. 

Restricted
cash: The estimated values of our restricted cash approximate their carrying values due to their short maturities. 

Other
assets: Our other assets consist of tenant accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and other assets. The estimated values
of these items approximate their carrying values due to their short maturities. Certain other items, primarily straight-line rent receivable,
intangibles and deferred costs, have been eliminated for the purpose of the valuation because those items were already considered in
our valuation of the respective investments in real estate properties or financial instruments. 

12 

Mortgages
payable: The values for our mortgages payable were estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis, which used inputs based
on the remaining loan terms and estimated current market interest rates for loans with similar characteristics, including remaining loan
term and loan-to-value ratios. The current market interest rate was generally determined based on market rates for available comparable
debt. The estimated current market interest rate for mortgages payable was 7.65 . 

Other
liabilities: Our other liabilities consist of our accounts payable and accrued expenses, amounts due to related parties,
deposits payable, distributions payable and deferred rental income. The carrying values of these items were considered to equal their
fair value due to their short maturities. Additionally, certain outstanding notes payable were excluded as we expect them to be fully
forgiven. 

Other
noncontrolling interests: Our other noncontrolling interests represent the estimated values of the ownership interests of
others in certain of our consolidated properties pursuant to the terms of their applicable operating agreements. 

Allocations
of Value to Subordinated Profits Interests: 

The
Subordinated Profits Interests held by Lightstone SLP II LLC, an affiliate of our Advisor, are classified in noncontrolling interests
on our consolidated balance sheet. However, for purposes of our NAV, we do not estimate their fair value in accordance with GAAP. Rather,
the IPA s Practice Guideline 2013 01 provides for adjustments to the NAV for preferred securities, special interests and
incentive fees based on the aggregate NAV of the company and payable to the sponsor in a hypothetical liquidation of the company as of
the valuation date in accordance with the provisions of the partnership or advisory agreements and the terms of the preferred securities.
Because certain distributions related to our Subordinated Profits Interests are only payable to their holder in a liquidation event,
we believe they should be valued for our NAV in accordance with these provisions. 

Accordingly,
pursuant to the terms of our operating agreement, no allocations are to the holder of the Subordinated Profits Interests unless the NAV
per Share would have exceeded 10.00 per share plus a cumulative, pre-tax non-compounded annual return of 7.0 as of the indicated valuation
date. In connection with our Offerings, Lightstone SLP II LLC acquired an aggregate of 17.7 million of Subordinated Profits Interests.
In the calculation of our NAV, no allocation of value was made to the holder of the Subordinated Profits Interests because the NAV per
Share did not exceed an aggregate 10.00 price per share plus a cumulative, pre-tax non-compounded annual return of 7.0 as of December
31, 2022. 

Historical
NAV and NAV per Share 

Additional
information on our historical reported NAV and NAV per Share as of December 31, 2021 may be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 28, 2022. 

Limitations
and Risks 

As
with any valuation methodology, the methodology used to determine our NAV and resulting NAV per Share is based upon a number of estimates
and assumptions that may prove later not to be accurate or complete. Further, different participants with different property-specific
and general real estate and capital market assumptions, estimates, judgments and standards could derive a different NAV per Share, which
could be significantly different from the NAV per Share approved by our Board of Directors. The NAV per Share approved by our Board of
Directors does not represent the fair value of our assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP, and such NAV per Share is not a representation,
warranty or guarantee that: 

A
stockholder would be able to resell his or her shares of common stock at the NAV per Share; 

A
stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share of common stock equal to the NAV per Share upon liquidation of our assets
and settlement of our liabilities or a sale of the Company; 

Our
shares of common stock would trade at the NAV per Share on a national securities exchange; 

An
independent third-party appraiser or other third-party valuation firm would agree with the NAV per Share; or 

The
methodology used to estimate our NAV per Share would be acceptable to FINRA or under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act with
respect to their respective requirements. 

The
Internal Revenue Service and the Department of Labor do not provide any guidance on the methodology an issuer must use to determine its
NAV per share. FINRA guidance provides that NAV valuations be derived from a methodology that conforms to standard industry practice. 

13 

As
with any valuation methodology, our methodology is based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete.
Different parties with different assumptions and estimates could derive different NAVs and resulting NAVs per share, and these differences
could be significant. The NAV per Share is not audited and does not represent the fair value of our assets less our liabilities in accordance
GAAP, nor do they represent an actual liquidation value of our assets and liabilities or the amount shares of our common stock would
trade at on a national securities exchange. As of the date of this filing, although we have not sought stockholder approval to adopt
a plan of liquidation of the Company, certain distributions may be payable to Lightstone SLP, LLC for its SLP Units in connection with
a liquidation event. Accordingly, our NAV reflects any allocations of value to the SLP Units representing the amount that would be payable
to Lightstone SLP, LLC in connection with a liquidation event pursuant to the guidelines for estimating NAV contained in IPA Practice
Guideline 2013-01, Valuation of Publicly Registered Non-Listed REITs. Our NAV per Share is based on the estimated
value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities and other noncontrolling interests less any allocations to the Subordinated
Profits Interests divided by the number of our diluted shares of common stock outstanding, all as of the date indicated. Our NAV per
Share does not reflect a discount for the fact we are externally managed, nor does it reflect a real estate portfolio premium/discount
versus the sum of the individual property values. Our NAV per Share does not take into account estimated disposition costs or fees or
penalties, if any, that may apply upon the prepayment of certain of our debt obligations or the impact of restrictions on the assumption
of certain debt. Our NAV per Share will fluctuate over time as a result of, among other things, future acquisitions or dispositions of
assets, developments related to individual assets and the management of those assets and changes in the real estate and capital markets.
Different parties using different assumptions and estimates could derive different NAVs and resulting NAVs per share, and these differences
could be significant. Markets for real estate and real estate-related investments can fluctuate and values are expected to change in
the future. We currently expect that our Advisor will estimate our NAV on at least an annual basis. Our Board of Directors will review
and approve each estimate of NAV and resulting NAV per Share. 

The
following factors may cause a stockholder not to ultimately realize distributions per share of common stock equal to the NAV per Share
upon liquidation: 

The
methodology used to determine NAV per Share includes a number of estimates and assumptions that may not prove to be accurate or complete
as compared to the actual amounts received in the liquidation; 

In
a liquidation, certain assets may not be liquidated at their estimated values because of transfer fees and disposition fees, which are
not reflected in the NAV calculation; 

In
a liquidation, debt obligations may have to be prepaid and the costs of any prepayment penalties may reduce the liquidation amounts.
Prepayment penalties are not included in determining the estimated value of liabilities in determining NAV; 

In
a liquidation, the real estate assets may derive a portfolio premium which premium is not considered in determining NAV; 

In
a liquidation, the potential buyers of the assets may use different estimates and assumptions than those used in determining NAV; 

If
the liquidation occurs through a listing of the common stock on a national securities exchange, the capital markets may value the Company s
net assets at a different amount than the NAV. Such valuation would likely be based upon customary REIT valuation methodology including
funds from operation FFO multiples of other comparable REITs, FFO coverage of dividends and adjusted FFO
payout of the Company s anticipated dividend; and 

If
the liquidation occurs through a merger of the Company with another REIT, the amount realized for the common stock may not equal the
NAV per Share because of many factors including the aggregate consideration received, the make-up of the consideration (e.g., cash, stock
or both), the performance of any stock received as part of the consideration during the merger process and thereafter, the reception
of the merger in the market and whether the market believes the pricing of the merger was fair to both parties. 

SRP 

Our
share repurchase program (the SRP may provide eligible stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to
sell their Common Shares back to us, subject to restrictions and applicable law. 

On
March 19, 2020, the Board of Directors amended the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension of
all redemptions. 

14 

Effective
May 10, 2021, the Board of Directors reopened the SRP only for redemptions submitted in connection with either a stockholder s
death or hardship and set the price for all such purchases at our current NAV per Share, as determined by the Board of Directors and
reported by the Company from time to time, on the date of redemption. Additionally, beginning on January 1, 2022, any requests for redemptions
in connection with a stockholder s death must be submitted and received by us within one year of the stockholder s date of
death for consideration. 

On
the above noted date, the Board of Directors established that on an annual basis, we would not redeem in excess of 0.5 of the number
of shares outstanding as of the end of the preceding year for either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Additionally, redemption
requests generally would be processed on a quarterly basis and would be subject to pro ration if either type of redemption requests exceeded
the annual limitation. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 we repurchased 158,885 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 8.89. For the year ended
December 31, 2021 we repurchased 98,866 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 8.02. 

Distributions 

Common
Shares 

Our
Board of Directors commenced declaring and we began paying regular quarterly distributions on our Common Shares at the pro rata equivalent
of an annual distribution of 0.65 per share, or an annualized rate of 6.5 assuming a purchase price of 10.00 per share, beginning
with the fourth quarter of 2009 through the third quarter of 2015. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, our Board of Directors increased
the regular quarterly distributions on our Common Shares to the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.70 per share, or
an annualized rate of 7.0 assuming a purchase price of 10.00 per share. Additionally, in February 2017 our Board of Directors declared,
and in March 2017 we paid a special catch-up distribution on our Common Shares at an annualized rate of 0.5 assuming a
purchase price of 10.00 per share for all the quarterly periods beginning with the fourth quarter of 2009 and ending with the third
quarter of 2015. 

On
March 19, 2020, our Board of Directors determined to suspend regular quarterly distributions. As a result, there were no distributions
declared during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

On
March 22, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized and we declared a Common Share distribution of 0.075 per share for the quarterly period
ending March 31, 2023. The distribution is the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.30 per share, or an annualized rate
of 3 based on a share price of 10.00. The distribution will be paid on or about the 15th day of the month following the quarter-end
to stockholders of record at the close of business on the last day of the quarter end. 

Future
distributions declared, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors based on their analysis of our performance over the
previous periods and expectations of performance for future periods. The Board of Directors will consider various factors in its determination,
including but not limited to, the sources and availability of capital, revenues and other sources of income, operating and interest expenses
and our ability to refinance near-term debt as well as the IRS s annual distribution requirement that REITs distribute no less
than 90 of their taxable income. We cannot assure that any future distributions will be made or that we will maintain any particular
level of distributions that we have previously established or may establish. 

Subordinated
Profits Interests 

In
connection with our Offerings, Lightstone SLP II LLC, an affiliate of the Company s Sponsor, contributed an aggregate of 17.7
million consisting of (i) cash of 12.9 million and (ii) equity interests in the Brownmill Joint Venture valued at 4.8 million to the
Operating Partnership in exchange for 177.0 Subordinated Profits Interests in the Operating Partnership with an aggregate value of 17.7
million, which are included in noncontrolling interests in the consolidated balance sheets. These Subordinated Profits Interests, for
which the aggregate consideration of 17.7 million will only be repaid after stockholders receive a stated preferred return in addition
to their net investment, entitle Lightstone SLP II, LLC to a portion of any regular distributions made by the Operating Partnership. 

There
were no distributions paid on the Subordinated Profit Interests through December 31, 2016. However, in connection with the Board of Directors
declaration of a special distribution on our Common Shares on February 28, 2017, they also declared that distributions be brought current
through December 31, 2016 on the Subordinated Profits Interests at a 7 annualized rate of return which amounted to 4.2 million and
were paid to Lightstone SLP II, LLC on March 15, 2017. Beginning with the first quarter of 2017, our Board of Directors declared, and
we paid regular quarterly distributions on the Subordinated Profits Interests at an annualized rate of 7.0 along with the regular quarterly
distributions on our Common Shares for all quarterly periods through December 31, 2019. 

These
Subordinated Profits Interests may entitle the Associate General Partner to a portion of any regular distributions that we make to our
stockholders, but only after its stockholders have received a stated preferred return. There have been no distributions declared on the
Subordinated Profits Interests for any periods after December 31, 2019. Since our inception through December 31, 2022, the cumulative
distributions declared and paid on the Subordinated Profits Interests were 7.9 million. Any future distributions on the Subordinated
Profits Interests will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a stated preferred return. 

15 

The
Subordinated Profits Interests may also entitle Lightstone SLP II, LLC to a portion of any liquidating distributions made by the Operating
Partnership. The value of such distributions will depend upon the net sale proceeds upon the liquidation of the Company and, therefore,
cannot be determined at the present time. Liquidating distributions to Lightstone SLP II, LLC will always be subordinated until stockholders
receive a distribution equal to their initial investment plus a stated preferred return 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the period covered by this Form 10-K, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS: 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis together with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following information contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements. Please see Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above for a description
of these risks and uncertainties. Dollar amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data, revenue per available
room RevPAR ), average daily rate ADR and where indicated in millions. 

Overview 

Lightstone
Value Plus REIT II, Inc. Lightstone REIT II ), which was formerly known as Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment
Trust II, Inc. before September 16, 2021, together with
Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, LP (the Operating Partnership and collectively the Company , also referred
to as we , our or us has and may continue to acquire and operate commercial (including hospitality
and retail properties) and residential real estate assets, as well as other real estate-related investments, principally in the United
States. Our acquisitions and investments are principally conducted through our Operating Partnership and generally include both portfolios
and individual properties. Our commercial holdings currently consist of hospitality and retail (multi-tenanted shopping centers) properties.
Our real estate investments have been and will continue to be acquired and operated by us alone or jointly with others. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we (i) majority owned and consolidated the operating results and financial condition of 12 limited-service hotels
containing a total of 1,582 rooms, (ii) held an unconsolidated 48.6 membership interest in Brownmill,
LLC (the Brownmill Joint Venture ), an affiliated entity that owns two retail properties, and (iii) held an unconsolidated
50.0 membership interest in LVP LIC Hotel JV LLC (the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture ), an affiliated real estate entity
that owns and operates a 183-room limited-service hotel located in Long Island City, New York (the Hilton Garden Inn Long
Island City ). We account for our membership interests in the Brownmill Joint Venture and the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture under
the equity method of accounting. 

The
Brownmill Joint Venture owns two retail properties known as Browntown Shopping Center, located in Old Bridge, New Jersey, and Millburn
Mall, located in Vauxhaull, New Jersey. The Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture owns a 183-room, limited-service hotel (the Hilton
Garden Inn Long Island City) located in the Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. Both the Brownmill
Joint Venture and the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture are between us and related parties. 

As
of December 31, 2022, seven of our consolidated limited-service hotels are held in LVP Holdco JV LLC (the Hotel Joint Venture ),
a joint venture formed between us and Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. Lightstone REIT I ), a related party REIT also
sponsored by The Lightstone Group, LLC. We and Lightstone REIT I have 97.5 and 2.5 membership interests in the Hotel Joint Venture,
respectively. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, one of our consolidated hotels also has ownership interests held by unrelated minority
owners. The membership interests of Lightstone REIT I and the unrelated minority owners are accounted for as noncontrolling interests. 

We
have no employees. Our Advisor and its affiliates perform a full range of real estate services for us, including asset management, accounting,
legal, and property management, as well as investor relations services. 

We
are dependent on the Advisor and its affiliates for services that are essential to us, including asset management and acquisition, disposition
and financing activities, and other general administrative responsibilities. If the Advisor and its affiliates are unable to provide
these services to us, we would be required to provide the services ourselves or obtain the services from other parties. 

We
also use other unaffiliated third-party property managers, principally for the management of our hospitality properties. 

16 

To
qualify or maintain our qualification as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through a wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ).
As such, we are subject to U.S. federal and state income and franchise taxes from these activities. 

Acquisitions
and Investment Strategy 

We
have and expect to continue to invest in commercial properties (including full-service or limited-service hotels and extended-stay hotels)
and residential properties, as well as other real estate-related investments principally in North America. Our acquisitions may include
both portfolios and individual properties. Full-service hotels generally provide a full complement of guest amenities including restaurants,
concierge and room service, porter service or valet parking. Limited-service hotels typically do not include these amenities. Extended-stay
hotels offer upscale, high-quality, residential style lodging with a comprehensive package of guest services and amenities for extended-stay
business and leisure travelers. We have no limitation as to the brand of franchise or license with which our hotels are associated. We
generally intend to hold each acquired property until its investment objectives are met or it is likely they will not be met. 

Even
though we have and expect to continue primarily to acquire hotels, we have and may continue to purchase other types of real estate. Assets
other than hotels may include, without limitation, office buildings, shopping centers, business and industrial parks, manufacturing facilities,
single-tenant properties, multifamily properties, student housing properties, warehouses and distribution facilities and medical office
properties. We have and expect to continue to invest mainly in direct real estate investments and other equity interests; however, we
may also invest in debt interests, which may include bridge or mezzanine loans, including in furtherance of a loan-to-own strategy. We
have not established any limits on the percentage of our portfolio that may be comprised of various categories of assets which present
differing levels of risk. 

We
have and expect to continue to enter into joint ventures, tenant-in-common investments or other co-ownership arrangements for the acquisition,
development or improvement of properties with third parties or certain affiliates of our Advisor, including other present and future
REITs and real estate limited partnerships sponsored by affiliates of our Advisor. 

Current
Environment 

Our
operating results and financial condition are substantially impacted by the overall health of local, U.S. national and global economies
and may be influenced by market and other challenges. Additionally, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected
by current and future economic and other conditions; including, but not limited to, availability or terms of financings, financial markets
volatility and uncertainty as a result of recent banking failures, political upheaval or uncertainty, natural and man-made disasters,
terrorism and acts of war, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, outbreaks of contagious diseases, cybercrime, loss of key relationships,
inflation and recession. 

Our
overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on consumer behavior. Worsening
economic conditions, increases in costs due to inflation, higher interest rates, certain labor and supply chain challenges, developments
related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other changes in economic conditions, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial
performance . 

We
are not currently aware of any other material trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, that may be reasonably anticipated to
have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from our operations, other than those referred
to above or throughout this Form 10-K. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during a reporting period. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates and Policies 

General . 

Our
consolidated financial statements included in this annual report include our accounts and the Operating Partnership (over which we exercise
financial and operating control). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments about
the effects of matters or future events that are inherently uncertain. These estimates and judgments may affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 

17 

On
an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including contingencies and litigation. We base these estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable in the circumstances. These estimates form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

To
assist in understanding our results of operations and financial position, we have identified our critical accounting policies and discussed
them below. These accounting policies are most important to the portrayal of our results and financial position, either because of the
significance of the financial statement items to which they relate or because they require management s most difficult, subjective
or complex judgments. 

Investments
in Real Estate. 

Carrying
Value of Assets 

The
amounts to be capitalized as a result of periodic improvements and additions to real estate property, when applicable, and the periods
over which the assets will be depreciated or amortized, are determined based on the application of accounting standards that may require
estimates as to fair value and the allocation of various costs to the individual assets. Differences in the amount attributed to the
assets may be significant based upon the assumptions made in calculating these estimates. 

Impairment
Evaluation 

We
evaluate our investments in real estate assets for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
undiscounted projected cash flows are less than the carrying amount for a particular property. We evaluate the recoverability of our
investments in real estate assets at the lowest identifiable level, the individual property level. No single indicator would necessarily
result in us preparing an estimate to determine if an individual property s future undiscounted cash flows are less than its carrying
value. We use judgment to determine if the severity of any single indicator, or the fact that there are a number of indicators
of less severity that when combined, would result in an indication that a property requires an estimate of the undiscounted cash flows
to determine if an impairment has occurred. Relevant facts and circumstances include, among others, significant underperformance relative
to historical or projected future operating results and significant negative industry or economic trends. The undiscounted
projected cash flows used for the impairment analysis are subjective and require us to use our judgment and the determination of estimated
fair value are based on our plans for the respective assets and our views of market and economic conditions. The estimates consider
matters such as future operating income, market and other applicable trends and residual value, as well as the effects of demand, competition,
and recent sales data for comparable properties. An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of a property is
not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation
expense is computed based on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the applicable real estate asset. We generally
use estimated useful lives of up to 39 years for buildings and improvements and 5 to 10 years for furniture and fixtures. Maintenance
and repairs will be charged to expense as incurred. 

Investments
in Unconsolidated Entities . 

We
evaluate all investments in other entities for consolidation. We consider our percentage interest in the joint venture, evaluation of
control and whether a variable interest entity exists when determining whether or not the investment qualifies for consolidation or if
it should be accounted for as an unconsolidated investment under the equity method of accounting. 

If
an investment qualifies for the equity method of accounting, our investment is recorded initially at cost, and subsequently adjusted
for equity in net income or loss and cash contributions and distributions. The net income or loss of an unconsolidated investment is
allocated to its investors in accordance with the provisions of the operating agreement of the entity. The allocation provisions in these
agreements may differ from the ownership interest held by each investor. Differences, if any, between the carrying amount of our investment
in the respective joint venture and our share of the underlying equity of such unconsolidated entity are amortized over the respective
lives of the underlying assets as applicable. These items are reported as a single line item in the statements of operations as income
or loss from investments in unconsolidated entities. 

18 

We
 review investments for impairment in value whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of such investment may not be recoverable. An investment is impaired only if management s
estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the investment, and such decline in value is deemed to
be other than temporary. The ultimate realization of our investment in partially owned entities is dependent on a number of factors
including the performance of that entity and market conditions. If we determine that a decline in the value of a partially owned entity
is other than temporary, we record an impairment charge. 

Treatment
of Management Compensation, Expense Reimbursements and Operating Partnership Participation Interest 

Management
of our operations is outsourced to our Advisor and certain other affiliates of our Sponsor. Fees related to each of these services are
accounted for based on the nature of such service and the relevant accounting literature. Such fees include acquisition fees associated
with the purchase of interests in real estate entities; asset management fees paid to our Advisor and property management fees paid to
its affiliates, which may manage certain of the properties we acquire, or to other unaffiliated third-party property managers, principally
for the management of our hospitality properties. These fees are expensed or capitalized to the basis of acquired assets, as appropriate. 

Our
Advisor s affiliates may also perform fee-based construction management services for both our development and redevelopment activities
and tenant construction projects. These fees will be considered incremental to the construction effort and will be capitalized to the
associated real estate project as incurred . Costs incurred for tenant construction will be depreciated over the shorter of their
useful life or the term of the related lease. Costs related to development and redevelopment activities will be depreciated over the
estimated useful life of the associated project. 

Leasing
activity at certain of our properties has also been outsourced to our Advisor s affiliates. Any corresponding leasing fees we pay
are capitalized and amortized over the life of the related lease. 

Expense
reimbursements made to both our Advisor and its affiliates are expensed or capitalized to the basis of acquired assets, as appropriate. 

Tax
Status and Income Taxes 

We
elected to be taxed and qualify as a REIT commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2009. As a REIT, we generally will not
be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our net taxable income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. To maintain our REIT
qualification under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, we must meet a number of organizational and operational
requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which
does not equal net income, as calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
or GAAP), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. If we fail to remain qualified
for taxation as a REIT in any subsequent year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, our income for that year will
be taxed at regular corporate rates, and we may be precluded from qualifying for treatment as a REIT for the four-year period following
our failure to qualify as a REIT. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution
to our stockholders. Additionally, even if we continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may still be subject
to some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and to U.S. federal income taxes and excise taxes on our undistributed
income, if any. 

To
maintain our qualification as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through TRSs, including when we acquire a hotel we usually establish
a TRS and enter into an operating lease agreement for the hotel. As such, we are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes and franchise
taxes from these activities. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no material uncertain income tax positions. 

Disposition
Activities 

Disposition
of the Courtyard Paso Robles 

On
March 22, 2022, we completed the disposition of a 130-room hotel located in Paso Robles, California, which operates as a Courtyard
by Marriott (the Courtyard Paso Robles ), to an unaffiliated third party, for a contractual sales price of 32.3
million. In connection with the disposition of the Courtyard Paso Robles, we recognized a gain on the sale of investment property
of 7.5 million during the first quarter of 2022. 

19 

Disposition
of the TownePlace Suites - Little Rock 

On
July 14, 2022, we completed the disposition of a 92-room hotel located in Little Rock, Arkansas, which operates as a TownePlace Suites
(the TownePlace Suites - Little Rock to an unaffiliated third party, for a contractual sales price of 5.9 million. In
connection with the disposition of the TownePlace Suites - Little Rock, we recognized a gain on the sale of investment property of 1.0 million
during the third quarter of 2022. 

Results
of Operations 

We
currently have one operating segment. As of December 31, 2022 we (i) majority owned and consolidated the operating results and financial
condition of 12 limited-service hotels containing a total of 1,582 rooms, (ii) held an unconsolidated 48.6 membership interest
in Brownmill LLC the Brownmill Joint Venture ), an affiliated entity that owns two retail properties, and (iii) held
an unconsolidated 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture, an affiliated entity that owns and operates the Hilton
Garden Inn Long Island City, a 183-room limited-service hotel. We account for our unconsolidated membership interests in the
Brownmill Joint Venture and the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture under the equity method of accounting. 

As
of December 31, 2022, seven of our consolidated limited-service hotels are held in LVP Holdco JV LLC (the Hotel Joint Venture ),
a joint venture formed between us and Lightstone Value Plus REIT, Inc. Lightstone REIT I ), a related party REIT also sponsored
by our Sponsor. We and Lightstone REIT I have 97.5 and 2.5 membership interests in the Hotel Joint Venture, respectively. Additionally,
as of December 31, 2022, one of our consolidated hotels also has ownership interests held by unrelated minority owners. The membership
interests of Lightstone REIT I and the unrelated minority owners are accounted for as noncontrolling interest. 

On
March 22, 2022 we disposed of the Courtyard 
Paso Robles and on July 14, 2022 we disposed of the TownePlace Suites - Little Rock (collectively,
the 2022 Dispositions ). 

The
2022 Dispositions did not qualify to be reported as discontinued operations since they did not represent a strategic shift that had a
major effect on our operations and financial results. Accordingly, the operating results of the 2022 Dispositions are reflected in our
results from continuing operations for all periods presented through their respective dates of disposition. 

Properties
owned by us during the entire periods presented are referred to as our Same Store properties. 

Comparison
of the year e nded December 31, 2022 vs. December 31, 2021 

Consolidated

Our
consolidated revenues, property operating expenses, real estate taxes, general and administrative expense and depreciation and amortization
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attributable to our consolidated hospitality properties, including the
2022 Dispositions through their respective dates of disposition. 

As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, room demand and rental rates for our consolidated and unconsolidated hotels significantly declined
starting in March 2020 at the onset of the pandemic; and while these metrics have improved since then (late 2020 and continuing through
the end of 2022); room demand and rental rates still remain below their pre-pandemic historical levels for certain of our hotels. During
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to same period in 2021, o ur
consolidated hospitality portfolio experienced increases in the percentage of rooms occupied to 68.1 from 64.6 , RevPAR to 87.08 from
 69.59 and ADR to 127.83 from 107.69. 

Revenues 

Revenues
increased by 7.3 million to 55.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022,
compared to 48.0 million for the same period in 2021. The increase reflects higher revenues
of 13.3 million for our Same Store properties w hich were attributable to the continuing economic recovery from the COVID-19
pandemic partially offset by a reduction in revenues of 6.0 million due to the 2022 Dispositions.
 Furthermore, the higher RevPAR and ADR reflect the effect of inflation on our room rental rates. 

Property
operating expenses 

Property
operating expenses increased by 6.7 million to 39.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 32.5 million
for the same period in 2021. Excluding the reduction in property operating expenses of 3.1 million
due to the 2022 Dispositions, our property operating expenses increased by 9.8 million for our Same Store properties. The increase
is substantially attributable to the higher occupancy during the 2022 period reflecting increases in room and food expenses of 4.8 million,
franchise management fees of 1.7 million, payroll expenses of 1.2 million and other property operating expenses of 2.1 million. 

20 

Real
estate taxes 

Real
estate taxes decreased by 0.3 million to 2.9 million during the year ended December
31, 2022 compared to 3.2 million for the same period in 2021 resulting from a decrease in real
estate taxes of 0.1 million for our Same Store properties and a reduction in real estate taxes of 0.2 million due to the 2022 Dispositions. 

General
and administrative expenses 

General
and administrative expenses increased by 0.3 million to 5.1 million during the year 
ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4.8 million for the same period in 2021. The increase is principally
attributable to increases in professional fees and bad debt expense. 

Depreciation
and amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization expense decreased by 2.5 million to 7.9 million during the year 
ended December 31, 2022 compared to 10.4 million for the same period in 2021. The decrease
reflects lower depreciation and amortization expense of 1.7 million for our Same Store properties and a reduction in depreciation and
amortization expense of 0.8 million due to the 2022 Dispositions. 

Interest
expense 

Interest
expense was 6.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 6.0 million
for the same period in 2021. Interest expense is primarily attributable to the financings associated with our hotels and reflects increases
in market interest rates on our variable rate indebtedness and the weighted average principal outstanding during the periods. 

Gain
on forgiveness of debt 

During
the year s ended December 31, 2022 ,
and 2021 notice was received from the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA that 3.8 million and 3.4 million,
respectively, of Paycheck Protection loans (the PPP Loans and related accrued
interest had been legally forgiven and therefore, we recognized a gain on forgiveness of debt for these amounts during those periods.
 See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

G ain
on sale of investment property 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 ,
we recognized an aggregate gain on the sale of investment property of 8.5 million consisting of a first quarter gain of 7.5 million
related to the sale of the Courtyard Paso Robles on March 22, 2022 and a third quarter gain of 1.0 million related to the sale
of the TownePlace Suites - Little Rock on July 14, 2022. 

Earnings
from investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities 

Our
income from investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities was 3.4 million during the
year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 44 for the same period in 2021.
Our earnings from investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities is attributable to our ownership interests in the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture and the Brownmill Joint Venture. We account for our membership interests in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint
Venture and the Brownmill Joint Venture under the equity method of accounting. 

Noncontrolling
interests 

The
income or loss allocated to noncontrolling interests relates to the interest in our Operating Partnership held by our Advisor, the membership
interest held by Lightstone I in the Hotel Joint Venture, and the ownership interests held by unrelated minority owners in one of our
consolidated hotels. 

Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 42.2 million of cash on hand, restricted cash of 0.3 million and marketable securities of 4.2 million.
We currently believe that these items, along with revenues from our properties, interest and dividend income on our marketable securities,
proceeds from the potential sale of marketable securities, and potential distributions received from our unconsolidated affiliated entities
will be sufficient to satisfy our expected cash requirements for at least twelve months from the date of filing this report, which primarily
consist of our anticipated operating expenses, scheduled debt service (excluding balloon payments due at maturity), capital expenditures
(excluding non-recurring capital expenditures), contributions to our unconsolidated affiliated entities, redemptions and cancellations
of shares of our Common Shares, if approved, and distributions, if any, required to maintain our status as a REIT. However, we may also
obtain additional funds through selective asset dispositions, joint venture arrangements, new borrowings and refinancing of existing
borrowings. 

21 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have mortgage indebtedness totaling 118.5 million. We have and intend to continue to limit our aggregate long-term
permanent borrowings to 75 of the aggregate fair market value of all properties unless any excess borrowing is approved by a majority
of our independent directors and is disclosed to our stockholders. Market conditions will dictate the overall leverage limit; as such
our aggregate long-term permanent borrowings may be less than 75 of aggregate fair market value of all properties. We may also incur
short-term indebtedness, having a maturity of two years or less. 

Our
charter provides that the aggregate amount of our borrowing, both secured and unsecured, may not exceed 300 of net assets in the absence
of a justification showing that a higher level is appropriate, the approval of our Board of Directors and disclosure to stockholders.
Net assets means our total assets, other than intangibles, at cost before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves less our
total liabilities, calculated at least quarterly on a basis consistently applied. Any excess in borrowing over such 300 of net assets
level must be approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report to stockholders,
along with justification for such excess. Market conditions will dictate our overall leverage limit; as such our aggregate borrowings
may be less than 300 of net assets. As of December 31, 2022, our total borrowings aggregated 118.5 million which represented 65 of
our net assets. 

Additionally,
in order to leverage our investments in marketable securities and seek a higher rate of return, we have access to borrowings under a
margin loan. This loan is due on demand and any outstanding balance must be paid upon the liquidation of securities. 

Any
future properties that we may acquire may be funded through a combination of borrowings and the proceeds received from the selective
disposition of certain of our real estate assets. These borrowings may consist of single-property mortgages as well as mortgages cross-collateralized
by a pool of properties. Such mortgages may be put in place either at the time we acquire a property or subsequent to our purchasing
a property for cash. In addition, we may acquire properties that are subject to existing indebtedness where we choose to assume the existing
mortgages. Generally, though not exclusively, we intend to seek to encumber our properties with debt, which will be on a non-recourse
basis. This means that a lender s rights on default will generally be limited to foreclosing on the property. However, we may,
at our discretion, secure recourse financing or provide a guarantee to lenders if we believe this may result in more favorable terms.
When we give a guaranty for a property owning entity, we will be responsible to the lender for the satisfaction of the indebtedness if
it is not paid by the property owning entity. 

We
may also obtain lines of credit to be used to acquire properties. If obtained, these lines of credit will be at prevailing market terms
and will be repaid from proceeds from the sale or refinancing of properties, working capital and/or permanent financing. Our Sponsor
and/or its affiliates may guarantee our lines of credit although they are not obligated to do so. We expect that such properties may
be purchased by our Sponsor s affiliates on our behalf, in our name, in order to minimize the imposition of a transfer tax upon
a transfer of such properties to us. 

We have
various agreements, including an advisory agreement, with the Advisor to pay certain fees in exchange for services performed by the Advisor
and/or its affiliated entities. Additionally, our ability to secure financing and our real estate operations are dependent upon our Advisor
and its affiliates to perform such services as provided in these agreements. 

In
addition to meeting working capital needs and distributions, if any, made to maintain our status as a REIT, our capital resources are
used to make certain payments to our Advisor, including payments related to asset acquisition fees and asset management fees, the reimbursement
of acquisition-related expenses to our Advisor. We also reimburse our advisor for actual expenses it incurs for administrative and other
services provided to us. 

The
advisory agreement has a one-year term and is renewable for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods upon the mutual consent
of the Advisor and our independent directors. 

The
following table represents the fees incurred associated with the payments to the Advisor for the periods indicated: 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Asset management fees (general and administrative costs) 
 2,739 
 2,954 

22 

Summary
of Cash Flows. 

The
following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive
discussion of the changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Net cash flows provided by/(used in) operating activities 
 2,263 
 (416 
 
 Net cash flows provided by/(used in) investing activities 
 45,532 
 (3,065 
 
 Net cash flows (used in)/provided by financing activities 
 (22,188 
 2,017 
 
 Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 25,607 
 (1,464 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 
 16,959 
 18,423 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 42,566 
 16,959 

Operating
activities 

The
cash provided by operating activities of 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of our net income of 8.9 million
plus depreciation and amortization, amortization of deferred financing costs and other non-cash items aggregating 9.1 million partially
offset by an aggregate gain recognized in connection with the sales of the Courtyard Paso Robles and the TownePlace Suites -
Little Rock of 8.5 million, a gain on debt forgiveness of 3.8 million, income from investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities
of 3.4 million and net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 0.1 million. 

Investing
activities 

The
cash provided by investing activities of 45.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022
consists primarily of the following: 

capital
expenditures of 0.8 million; 

2.1
million of net proceeds from the sale of marketable securities; 

36.7
million of aggregate proceeds from the sales of the Courtyard Paso Robles and the TownePlace Suites - Little Rock; and 

5.6
million of aggregate distributions from our investment in the Brownmill Joint Venture and 2.0 million of aggregate distributions
from our investment in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. 

Financing
activities 

The
cash used in financing activities of 22.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022
consists primarily of the following: 

debt
principal payments of 18.0 million; 

payments
of loan fees and expenses of 0.4 million; 

net
margin loan payments of 2.3 million; 

distributions
to noncontrolling interests of 0.1 million ; and 

redemption
and cancellation of Common Shares of 1.4 million. 

SRP 

Our
share repurchase program (the SRP may provide eligible stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to
sell their Common Shares back to us, subject to restrictions and applicable law. 

23 

On
March 19, 2020, the Board of Directors amended the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension of
all redemptions. 

Effective
May 10, 2021, the Board of Directors reopened the SRP only for redemptions submitted in connection with either a stockholder s
death or hardship and set the price for all such purchases at our current estimated net asset value per share of common stock, as determined
by the Board of Directors and reported by the Company from time to time, on the date of redemption. Additionally, beginning on January
1, 2022, any requests for redemptions in connection with a stockholder s death must be submitted and received by us within one
year of the stockholder s date of death for consideration. 

Our
Board of Directors has established that on an annual basis we will not redeem in excess of 0.5 of the number of shares outstanding
as of the end of the preceding year for either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Redemption requests are expected to be processed
on a quarterly basis and may be subject to pro ration if either type of redemption requests exceed the annual limitation. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 we repurchased 158,885 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 8.89. For the year ended
December 31, 2021 we repurchased 98,866 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 8.02. 

Distributions 

Common
Shares 

On
March 19, 2020, the Board of Directors determined to suspend regular quarterly distributions on our Common Shares. As a result, there
were no distributions declared during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

On
March 22, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized and we declared a Common Share distribution of 0.075 per share for the quarterly period
ending March 31, 2023. The distribution is the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.30 per share, or an annualized rate
of 3 based on a share price of 10.00. The distribution will be paid on or about the 15th day of the month following the quarter-end
to stockholders of record at the close of business on the last day of the quarter end. 

Future
distributions declared, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors based on their analysis of our performance over the
previous periods and expectations of performance for future periods. The Board of Directors will consider various factors in its determination,
including but not limited to, the sources and availability of capital, revenues and other sources of income, operating and interest expenses
and our ability to refinance near-term debt as well as the IRS s annual distribution requirement that REITs distribute no less
than 90 of their taxable income. We cannot assure that any future distributions will be made or that we will maintain any particular
level of distributions that we have previously established or may establish. 

Contractual
Mortgage Obligations 

The
following is a summary of our estimated contractual mortgage obligations outstanding over the next five years and thereafter as of December
31, 2022. 

Contractual Mortgage Obligations 
 2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Principal maturities 
 118,485 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 118,485 
 
 Interest payments (1) 
 6,611 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,611 
 
 Total Contractual Mortgage Obligations 
 125,096 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 125,096 

Note: 

(1) These
 amounts represent future interest payments related to mortgage payable obligations based
 on the interest rates specified in the associated debt agreement. All variable rate debt
 agreements are based on the one-month AMERIBOR rate.
 For purposes of calculating future interest amounts on variable interest rate debt the one-month
 AMERIBOR rate as of December 31, 2022 was
 used. 

Revolving
Credit Facility 

We,
through certain subsidiaries, have a non-recourse revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with a financial
institution. The Revolving Credit Facility provides a line of credit of up to 140.0 million pursuant to which we may designate
our hotel properties as collateral that allow borrowings up to a 65.0 loan-to-value ratio subject to also meeting certain financial
covenants. The Revolving Credit Facility provides for monthly interest-only payments and the entire principal balance is due upon its
scheduled expiration. 

24 

Except
as discussed below, the Revolving Credit Facility, which was scheduled to mature on September 15, 2022, bore interest at LIBOR plus 3.15 ,
subject to a 4.00 floor. However, on September 6, 2022, the Revolving Credit Facility was amended and is now scheduled to mature on
September 15, 2023. In connection with the amendment of the Revolving Credit Facility, the interest rate was prospectively changed to
AMERIBOR plus 3.15 , subject to a 4.00 floor. 

On
June 2, 2020, our revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility was amended to provide for (i) the deferral
of the six monthly debt service payments aggregating 2.6 million from April 1, 2020 through September 30, 2020, until November 15, 2021;
(ii) a 100 bps reduction in the interest rate spread to LIBOR plus 2.15 , subject to a 3.00 floor, for the six-month period from September
1, 2020 through February 28, 2021; (iii) us pre-funding 2.5 million into a cash collateral reserve account to cover the six monthly
debt service payments which were due from October 1, 2020 through March 1, 2021; and (iv) a waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end
periods before June 30, 2021. 

Subsequently,
on March 31, 2021, the Revolving Credit Facility was further amended providing for (i) us to pledge the membership interests in another
hotel as additional collateral within 45 days, (ii) us to fund an additional 2.5 million into the cash collateral reserve account; (iii)
a waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end periods through September 30, 2021 with a phased-in gradual return to the full financial
covenant requirements over the quarter-end periods beginning December 31, 2021 through March 31, 2023; (iv) an extension of the maturity
date from May 17, 2021 to September 15, 2022 upon the pledge of the additional collateral (which was subsequently completed on May 13,
2021); (v) one additional one-year extension option at the lender s sole discretion; and (vi) certain limitations and restrictions
on asset sales and additional borrowings related to the pledged collateral. 

On
July 14, 2022, in connection with the disposition of the TownePlace Suites - Little Rock, we used proceeds of 4.6 million to make a
principal paydown on the Revolving Credit Facility. 

As
of December 31, 2022, all 12 of our majority owned and consolidated hotel properties were pledged as collateral under the Revolving Credit
Facility and the outstanding principal balance was 118.5 million. Additionally, no additional borrowings were available under the Revolving
Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. We currently intend to seek to extend or refinance the Revolving Credit Facility on or
before its maturity date of September 15, 2023, however, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in such endeavors. 

We
are currently in compliance with respect to all of our financial debt covenants. 

Courtyard
 Paso Robles Mortgage Loan 

In
connection with our acquisition of the Courtyard Paso Robles on December 14, 2017, we assumed its mortgage loan (the Courtyard
- Paso Robles Mortgage Loan ). On March 22, 2022, the Courtyard Paso Robles Mortgage Loan was fully defeased in connection
with the disposition of the Courtyard Paso Robles (See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) and we were
legally released from any ongoing obligation. 

PPP
Loans 

In
April 2020, we, through various subsidiaries (each such entity, a Borrower and collectively, the Borrowers ),
received aggregate funding of 3.3 million through the PPP Loans originated under the federal Paycheck Protection Program, which
was established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and is administered by the
SBA. During the first quarter of 2021, the Borrowers received an additional aggregate funding of 3.7 million of PPP Loans. The
PPP Loans were classified as Notes Payable in the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
PPP Loans each had a term of five years and provided for an interest rate of 1.00 . The payment of principal and interest on
the PPP Loan was deferred until the day that the forgiven amount was remitted to the lender (approximately five months after the forgiveness
application is submitted to the lender, unless the Borrower appeals a denial of forgiveness) or ten months after the end of the Borrower s
covered period, whichever is earlier. Pursuant to the terms of the CARES Act, the proceeds of the PPP Loans may be used for payroll costs,
mortgage interest, rent or utility costs. 

The
promissory note for each of the PPP Loans contained customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults and
breach of representations and warranties or of provisions of the relevant promissory note. Under the terms of the CARES Act, each Borrower
could apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of the PPP Loans. Such forgiveness was determined, subject to limitations,
based on the use of loan proceeds in accordance with the terms of the CARES Act. In the event all or any portion of a PPP Loan was forgiven,
the amount forgiven was applied to outstanding principal and recorded as income. The PPP Loans are subject to audit by the SBA for up
to six years after the date the loans were forgiven. 

25 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we received notices from the SBA that all of the PPP Loans received and their related accrued
interest had been legally forgiven and therefore no amounts were owed as of December 31, 2022. As a result, during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized a gain on forgiveness of debt of 3.8 million and 3.4 million, respectively, in its consolidated
statements of operations. 

Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture 

On
March 27, 2018, we and Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT III ), a REIT also sponsored by our Sponsor
and a related party, acquired, through the newly formed Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture, the Hilton Garden Inn Long
Island City from an unrelated third party for aggregate consideration of 60.0 million, which consisted of 25.0 million of
cash and 35.0 million of proceeds from a five-year term, non-recourse mortgage loan from a financial institution (the Hilton
Garden Inn Mortgage ), excluding closing and other related transaction costs. We paid 12.9 million for a 50.0 membership interest
in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. 

The
Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage bore interest at LIBOR plus 3.15 , subject to a 5.03 floor, initially provided for monthly interest-only
payments for the first 30 months of its term with principal and interest payments pursuant to a 25-year amortization schedule thereafter,
and the remaining unpaid balance due in full at its maturity on March 27, 2023. The Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage is collateralized by the
Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City. 

We
and Lightstone III each have a 50.0 co-managing membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. We account for our membership
interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting because we exert significant influence
over but do not control the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. All capital contributions and distributions of earnings from the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture are made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any
distributions in excess of earnings from the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture s operating agreement. We commenced recording our allocated portion of profit/loss and cash distributions
beginning as of March 27, 2018 with respect to our membership interest of 50.0 in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. 

In
light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the operating results of the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City, the Hilton Garden
Inn Joint Venture previously entered into certain amendments with respect to the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage as discussed below. 

On
June 2, 2020, the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage was amended to provide for (i) the deferral of the six monthly debt service payments aggregating
 0.9 million for the period from April 1, 2020 through September 30, 2020 until March 27, 2023; (ii) a 100 bps reduction in the interest
rate spread to LIBOR plus 2.15 , subject to a 4.03 floor, for the six-month period from September 1, 2020 through February 28, 2021;
(iii) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture pre-funding 1.2 million into a cash collateral reserve account to cover the six monthly debt
service payments due from October 1, 2020 through March 1, 2021; and (iv) waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end periods before
June 30, 2021. 

Additionally,
on April 7, 2021, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the lender further amended the terms of the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage to provide
for (i) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture to make a principal paydown of 1.7 million; (ii) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture to
fund an additional 0.7 million into the cash collateral reserve account; (iii) a waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end periods
through September 30, 2021 with a phased-in gradual return to the full financial covenant requirements over the quarter-end periods beginning
December 31, 2021 through December 31, 2022; (iv) a 11-month interest-only payment period from May 1, 2021 through March 31, 2022; and
(v) certain restrictions on distributions to the members of the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture during the interest-only payment period. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture was in compliance with respect to all of its financial debt covenants. 

Subsequent
to the acquisition of our 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Joint Venture through December 31, 2022, we made an aggregate
of 2.8 million of additional capital contributions (all of which was made prior to 2022) and received aggregate distributions of
 4.0 million of which 2.0 million was received in 2022). 

On
March 27, 2023, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the lender amended the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage to extend the maturity date
for 90 days, through June 25, 2023, to provide additional time to finalize the terms of a long-term extension. 

26 

Funds
from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations 

The
historical accounting convention used for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation of buildings, improvements, and straight-line
amortization of intangibles, which implies that the value of a real estate asset diminishes predictably over time. We believe that, because
real estate values historically rise and fall with market conditions, including, but not limited to, inflation, interest rates, the business
cycle, unemployment and consumer spending, presentations of operating results for a REIT using the historical accounting convention for
depreciation and certain other items may be less informative. 

Because
of these factors, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ), an industry trade group, has published
a standardized measure of performance known as funds from operations FFO ), which is used in the REIT industry as a supplemental
performance measure. We believe FFO, which excludes certain items such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, is an appropriate
supplemental measure of a REIT s operating performance. FFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

We
calculate FFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the standards established over time by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, as restated
in a White Paper approved by the Board of Governors of NAREIT effective in December 2018 (the White Paper ). The White Paper
defines FFO as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding depreciation and amortization related to real estate, gains
and losses from the sale of certain real estate assets, gains and losses from change in control and impairment write-downs of certain
real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable
real estate held by the entity. Our FFO calculation complies with NAREIT s definition. 

We
believe that the use of FFO provides a more complete understanding of our performance to investors and to management, and reflects
the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and
interest costs, which may not be immediately apparent from net income. 

Changes
in the accounting and reporting promulgations under GAAP that were put into effect in 2009 subsequent to the establishment of NAREIT s
definition of FFO, such as the change to expense as incurred rather than capitalize and depreciate acquisition fees and expenses incurred
for business combinations, have prompted an increase in cash-settled expenses, specifically acquisition fees and expenses, as items that
are expensed under GAAP across all industries. These changes had a particularly significant impact on publicly registered, non-listed
REITs, which typically have a significant amount of acquisition activity in the early part of their existence, particularly during
the period when they are raising capital through ongoing initial public offerings. 

Because
of these factors, the Investment Program Association (the IPA ), an industry trade group, published a standardized measure
of performance known as modified funds from operations MFFO ), which the IPA has recommended as a supplemental measure
for publicly registered, non-listed REITs. MFFO is designed to be reflective of the ongoing operating performance of publicly registered,
non-listed REITs by adjusting for those costs that are more reflective of acquisitions and investment activity, along with other items
the IPA believes are not indicative of the ongoing operating performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT, such as straight-lining
of rents as required by GAAP. We believe it is appropriate to use MFFO as a supplemental measure of operating performance because we
believe that both before and after we have deployed all of our offering proceeds, it reflects the impact on our operations from
trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs, which may not be immediately
apparent from net income. MFFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

We
define MFFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the IPA s Guideline 2010-01, Supplemental Performance Measure for Publicly Registered,
Non-Listed REITs: Modified Funds from Operations (the Practice Guideline issued by the IPA in November 2010. The Practice
Guideline defines MFFO as FFO further adjusted for acquisition and transaction-related fees and expenses and other items. In calculating
MFFO, we follow the Practice Guideline and exclude acquisition and transaction-related fees and expenses incurred for business combinations,
amounts relating to deferred rent receivables and amortization of market lease and other intangibles, net (which are adjusted in order
to reflect such payments from a GAAP accrual basis to a cash basis of disclosing the rent and lease payments), accretion of discounts
and amortization of premiums on debt investments and borrowings, mark-to-market adjustments included in net income (including gains or
losses incurred on assets held for sale), gains or losses included in net income from the extinguishment or sale of debt, hedges, foreign
exchange, derivatives or securities holdings where trading of such holdings is not a fundamental attribute of the business plan, unrealized
gains or losses resulting from consolidation from, or deconsolidation to, equity accounting, and after adjustments for consolidated and
unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, with such adjustments calculated to reflect MFFO on the same basis. Certain of the
above adjustments are also made to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, such as for the
amortization of a premium and accretion of a discount on debt and securities investments, amortization of fees, any unrealized gains
(losses) on derivatives, securities or other investments, as well as other adjustments. 

MFFO
excludes non-recurring impairment of real estate-related investments. We assess the credit quality of our investments and adequacy of
reserves on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as necessary. Significant judgment is required in this analysis. We consider the estimated
net recoverable value of a loan as well as other factors, including but not limited to the fair value of any collateral, the amount and
the status of any senior debt, the prospects for the borrower and the competitive situation of the region where the borrower does business. 

27 

We
believe that, because MFFO excludes costs that we consider more reflective of non-operating items, MFFO can provide, on a going-forward
basis, an indication of the sustainability (that is, the capacity to continue to be maintained) of our operating performance once our
portfolio is stabilized. We also believe that MFFO is a recognized measure of sustainable operating performance by the non-listed REIT
industry and allows for an evaluation of our performance against other publicly registered, non-listed REITs. 

Not
all REITs, including publicly registered, non-listed REITs, calculate FFO and MFFO the same way. Accordingly, comparisons with other
REITs, including publicly registered, non-listed REITs, may not be meaningful. Furthermore, FFO and MFFO are not indicative of cash flow
available to fund cash needs and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or income (loss) from continuing operations
as determined under GAAP as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operations as an indication of our
liquidity, or indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. FFO
and MFFO should be reviewed in conjunction with other GAAP measurements as an indication of our performance. FFO and MFFO should not
be construed to be more relevant or accurate than the current GAAP methodology in calculating net income or in its applicability in evaluating
our operating performance. The methods utilized to evaluate the performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT under GAAP should
be construed as more relevant measures of operational performance and considered more prominently than the non-GAAP measures, FFO and
MFFO, and the adjustments to GAAP in calculating FFO and MFFO. 

Neither
the SEC, NAREIT, the IPA nor any other regulatory body or industry trade group has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments
that we use to calculate FFO or MFFO. In the future, NAREIT, the IPA or another industry trade group may publish updates to the
White Paper or the Practice Guidelines or the SEC or another regulatory body could standardize the allowable adjustments across the publicly
registered, non-listed REIT industry, and we would have to adjust our calculation and characterization of FFO or MFFO accordingly. 

28 

The
below table illustrates the items deducted from or added to net income/(loss) in the calculation of FFO and MFFO. Items are presented
net of noncontrolling interest portions where applicable. 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net income/(loss) 
 8,888 
 (5,399 
 
 FFO adjustments: 

Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets 
 7,945 
 10,383 
 
 Gain on sale of investment property 
 (8,524 
 - 
 
 Adjustments to equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities, net 
 (888 
 1,745 
 
 FFO 
 7,421 
 6,729 
 
 MFFO adjustments: 

Adjustments to equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities, net 
 (219 
 (238 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of debt (1) 
 (3,791 
 (3,387 
 
 Mark-to-market adjustments (2) 
 380 
 44 
 
 Non-recurring loss/(gain) from extinguishment/sale of debt, derivatives or securities holdings (1) 
 83 
 - 
 
 MFFO 
 3,874 
 3,148 
 
 Straight-line rent (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 MFFO - IPA recommended format 
 3,874 
 3,148 

Net income/(loss) 
 8,888 
 (5,399 

Less: (income)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (45 
 79 
 
 Net income/(loss) applicable to Company s common shares 
 8,843 
 (5,320 
 
 Net income/(loss) per common share, basic and diluted 
 0.51 
 (0.31 

FFO 
 7,421 
 6,729 
 
 Less: FFO attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (221 
 (132 
 
 FFO attributable to Company s common shares 
 7,200 
 6,597 
 
 FFO per common share, basic and diluted 
 0.42 
 0.38 

MFFO - IPA recommended format 
 3,874 
 3,148 
 
 Less: MFFO attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (147 
 (67 
 
 MFFO attributable to Company s common shares 
 3,727 
 3,081 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 17,229 
 17,407 

Notes: 

(1) Management
 believes that adjusting for gains or losses related to extinguishment/sale of debt, derivatives
 or securities holdings is appropriate because they are items that may not be reflective of
 ongoing operations. By excluding these items, management believes that MFFO provides supplemental
 information related to sustainable operations that will be more comparable between other
 reporting periods. 

(2) Management
 believes that adjusting for mark-to-market adjustments is appropriate because they are items
 that may not be reflective of ongoing operations and reflect unrealized impacts on value
 based only on then current market conditions, although they may be based upon current operational
 issues related to an individual property or industry or general market conditions. Mark-to-market
 adjustments are made for items such as ineffective derivative instruments, certain marketable
 securities and any other items that GAAP requires we make a mark-to-market adjustment for.
 The need to reflect mark-to-market adjustments is a continuous process and is analyzed on
 a quarterly and/or annual basis in accordance with GAAP. 

(3) Under
 GAAP, rental receipts are allocated to periods using various methodologies. This may result
 in income recognition that is significantly different than underlying contract terms. By
 adjusting for these items (to reflect such payments from a GAAP accrual basis to a cash basis
 of disclosing the rent and lease payments), MFFO provides useful supplemental information
 on the realized economic impact of lease terms and debt investments, providing insight on
 the contractual cash flows of such lease terms and debt investments, and aligns results with
 management s analysis of operating performance. 

29 

The
table below presents our cumulative distributions declared and cumulative FFO: 

For the period April, 28, 2008 (date of inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 FFO 
 77,550 
 
 Distributions declared 
 85,040 

FFO
attributable to our Common Shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 7.2 million and cash flow provided by operations was 2.3
million. FFO attributable to our Common Shares for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 6.6 million and cash flow used in operations
was 0.4 million. There were no distributions paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

30 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Lightstone
Value Plus REIT II, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 (a
Maryland corporation) 

Index 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Lightstone
Value Plus REIT II, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income/(loss), stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Investment
Property and Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliated Entities Impairment Evaluation 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had investment property, net of accumulated depreciation, of approximately 180.1 million and investments
in unconsolidated affiliated entities of 13.8 million. As more fully described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company evaluates
the recoverability of investment property at the lowest identifiable level, the individual property level, and the recoverability of
the investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the investment property or the investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities may not be recoverable. The Company utilizes
judgment to determine if the severity of any single indicator, or the fact that there are a number of indicators of less severity that
when combined, would result in an indication that the individual property may not be recoverable. The Company considers relevant facts
and circumstances which may include the significant underperformance of an investment property relative to historical or projected future
operating results as well as significant negative industry or economic trends. When such events or changes in circumstances are present,
the Company assesses potential impairment by comparing estimated undiscounted future operating cash flows expected to be generated over
the holding period of the investment property and from its eventual disposition to the carrying amount. The estimates include significant
assumptions such as future operating income, market and other applicable trends and residual value, as well as the effects of demand,
competition, and recent sales data for comparable properties. An investment property is impaired only if management s estimate
of the fair value of the investment property is less than the carrying value and not recoverable. The ultimate realization of the Company s
investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities is dependent on a number of factors including the performance of that entity and market
conditions. If the Company determines that a decline in the value of the investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities is other than
temporary, it will record an impairment charge. 

F- 2 

We
identified the impairment evaluation as a critical audit matter due to significant judgment made by management in identifying indicators
of impairment and in determining the estimated recoverability of investment property and the investments in unconsolidated affiliated
entities. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and audit effort in performing procedures to evaluate
the reasonableness of management s significant estimates and assumptions related to the impairment evaluation including identifying
events and circumstances that exist that would indicate the carrying amount of investment property and investments in unconsolidated
affiliated entities may not be recoverable, as well as future operating income, holding period, capitalization rates, residual values,
entity performance and market conditions. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence, in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of controls over the Company s impairment evaluation process.
Our procedures included, among others: (i) assessing the methodologies applied; (ii) identifying the existence of any triggering events;
(iii) comparing the estimated undiscounted cash flows to historical operating results by property; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness
of significant estimates and assumptions utilized in determining future operating income, the holding period, capitalization rates and
residual values and determining if they were reasonable considering the past and current performance of the property and if consistent
with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. In addition, we performed sensitivity analysis over significant estimates and assumptions
including future operating income and residual values. We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by management
in its evaluation. We held discussions with management about the current status of certain properties to understand how management s
significant estimates and assumptions are developed considering potential future market conditions. In addition, we evaluated the mathematical
accuracy of the calculations included in the Company s evaluation. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 

Iselin,

March
29, 2023 

F- 3 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (dollars
in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 

Assets 

Investment property: 

Land and improvements 

Building and improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Construction in progress 

Gross investment property 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net investment property 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities, available for sale 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable and other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Accounts payable and other accrued expenses 

Margin loan 
 - 

Mortgages payable, net 

Notes payable 
 - 

Due to related party 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Company s stockholders equity: 

Preferred shares, par value, million shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; million shares authorized, million and million shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Company stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Amounts
in thousands, except per share data) 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

Real estate taxes 

General and administrative costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total expenses 

Interest and dividend income 

Interest expense 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Gain on sale of investment property 
 
 - 
 
 Other expense, net 

Income from investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities 

Net income/(loss) 

Less: net (income)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net income/(loss) applicable to Company s common shares 

Net loss per Company s common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (Amounts
in thousands) 

For the Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net income/(loss) 

Other comprehensive income/(loss): 

Holding gain/(loss) on available for sale securities 

Other comprehensive income/(loss) 

Comprehensive income/(loss) 

Less: Comprehensive (income)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to the Company s common shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (Amounts
in thousands) 

Additional 
 Accumulated Other 

Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Equity 

BALANCE, December 31, 2020 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Contributions of noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Redemption and cancellation of shares 

- 
 - 
 - 

BALANCE, December 31, 2021 

- 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Acquisition of non-controlling interest in a subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Redemption and cancellation of shares 

- 
 - 
 - 

BALANCE, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Amounts
in thousands) 

For the Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income/(loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash provided
 by/(used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Gain on sale of investment property 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss on marketable equity securities 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Income from investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities 

Other non-cash adjustments 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accounts receivable and other assets 

Increase/(decrease) in accounts payable and other accrued expenses 

Decrease in due to related party 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of investment property 

Purchase of noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of marketable debt securities 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of investment property, net of closing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities 
 - 

Distributions from unconsolidated affiliated entities 

Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments on mortgages payable 

Payments on margin loan, net 

Payment of loan fees and expenses 

Proceeds received from notes payable 
 - 

Redemption and cancellation of common shares 

Contribution of noncontrolling interests 
 - 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 

Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

See
Note 2 for supplemental cash flow information. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share/unit
data and where indicated in millions) 

 general partnership interest in the Operating Partnership s common units. 

Lightstone REIT II and the Operating Partnership
and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the Company and the use of we, 
 our, us or similar pronouns in these consolidated
financial statements refers to Lightstone REIT II, its Operating Partnership or the Company as required by the context in which
such pronoun is used. 

Through the Operating Partnership, the Company
owns and operates commercial properties and makes real estate-related investments. Since its inception, the Company has primarily acquired
and operated commercial hospitality properties, principally consisting of limited-service-hotels all located in the United States. However,
its commercial holdings may also consist of full-service hotels, and to a lesser extent, retail (primarily multi-tenanted shopping centers),
industrial and office properties. The Company s real estate investments are held by it alone or jointly with other parties. In addition,
the Company may invest up to 20 of its net assets in collateralized debt obligations, commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS and mortgage and mezzanine loans secured, directly or indirectly, by the same types of properties which it may acquire directly. Although
most of its investments are these types, the Company may invest in whatever types of real estate or real estate-related investments that
it believes are in its best interests. The Company evaluates all of its real estate investments as one operating segment. The Company
currently intends to hold its investments until such time as it determines that a sale or other disposition appears to be advantageous
to achieve its investment objectives or until it appears that the objectives will not be met. 

As of December 31, 2022, we (i) majority owned
and consolidated the operating results and financial condition of 12 limited-service hotels containing a total of 1,582 rooms, (ii) held
an unconsolidated membership interest in Brownmill, LLC Brownmill Joint Venture ), an affiliated entity that owns
two retail properties, and (iii) held an unconsolidated 50.0 membership interest in LVP LIC Hotel JV LLC
(the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture ), an affiliated real estate entity that owns and operates a 183-room limited-service
hotel located in Long Island City, New York (the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City ). The Company accounts
for its membership interests in the Brownmill Joint Venture and the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture under the equity method of accounting. 

The Brownmill Joint Venture owns two retail properties
known as Browntown Shopping Center, located in Old Bridge, New Jersey, and Millburn Mall, located in Vauxhaull, New Jersey. The Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture owns a 183-room, limited-service hotel (the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City) located in the
Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. Both the Brownmill Joint Venture and the Hilton Garden Inn Joint
Venture are between the Company and related parties. 

As of December 31, 2022, seven of the Company s
consolidated limited-service hotels are held in LVP Holdco JV LLC (the Hotel Joint Venture ), a joint venture formed between
the Company and Lightstone Value Plus REIT, Inc. Lightstone REIT I ), a related party REIT also sponsored by The Lightstone
Group, LLC. The Company and Lightstone I have 97.5 and 2.5 membership interests in the Hotel Joint Venture, respectively. Additionally,
as of December 31, 2022, one of the Company s consolidated hotels also has ownership interests held by unrelated minority owners.
The membership interests of Lightstone I and the unrelated minority owners are accounted for as noncontrolling interests. 

The Company s advisor is Lightstone
Value Plus REIT II LLC (the Advisor ), which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein. On May 20, 2008, the Advisor contributed
 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner common units in the Operating Partnership. The Advisor also owns 
shares of the Company s common stock Common Shares which were issued on May 20, 2008 for , or per share.
 Mr. Lichtenstein also is a majority owner of the equity interests of the Lightstone Group, LLC. The
Lightstone Group, LLC served as the Company s sponsor (the Sponsor during its initial public offering
(the Offering and follow-on offering (the Follow-On Offering , and collectively, the Offerings ),
which terminated on August 15, 2012 and September 27, 2014, respectively. The Advisor, pursuant to the terms of an advisory agreement,
together with the Company s board of directors (the Board of Directors ), is primarily responsible for making investment
decisions on behalf of the Company and managing its day-to-day operations. Through his ownership and control of the Lightstone Group,
LLC, Mr. Lichtenstein is the indirect owner and manager of Lightstone SLP II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Associate
General Partner ), which has subordinated profits interests in the Operating Partnership Subordinated Profits Interests which were acquired for aggregate consideration of million in connection with the Company s Offerings. Mr. Lichtenstein also
acts as the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but does not control Lightstone
REIT II or the Operating Partnership. 

The Company has no employees. The Company s
Advisor and its affiliates perform a full range of real estate services for it, including asset management, accounting, legal, and property
management, as well as investor relations services. 

The Company is dependent on the Advisor and its
affiliates for services that are essential to it, including asset management and acquisition, disposition and financing activities, and
other general administrative responsibilities. If the Advisor and its affiliates are unable to provide these services to the Company,
it would be required to provide the services itself or obtain the services from other parties. 

The Company also uses other unaffiliated third-party
property managers, principally for the management of its hospitality properties. 

The Company s Common Shares are not currently
listed on a national securities exchange. The Company may seek to list its Common Shares for trading on a national securities exchange
only if a majority of its independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of its stockholders. The Company does not
intend to list its shares at this time. The Company does not anticipate that there would be any market for its Common Shares until they
are listed for trading. 

On January
17, 2023, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment and restatement to the Company s charter pursuant to which
 the Company is no longer required to either (a) amend its charter to extend the deadline to begin the process of achieving a liquidity
event, or (b) hold a stockholders meeting to vote on a proposal for an orderly liquidation of its portfolio. 

Current Environment 

The Company s operating results and
financial condition are substantially impacted by the overall health of local, U.S. national and global economies and may be influenced
by market and other challenges. Additionally, the Company s business and financial performance may be adversely affected by current
and future economic and other conditions; including, but not limited to, availability or terms of financings, financial markets volatility
 and uncertainty as a result of recent banking failures , political upheaval or uncertainty,
natural and man-made disasters, terrorism and acts of war, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, outbreaks of contagious diseases,
cybercrime, loss of key relationships, inflation and recession. 

The Company s overall performance depends
in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on consumer behavior. Worsening economic conditions, increases
in costs due to inflation, higher interest rates, certain labor and supply chain challenges, developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic,
and other changes in economic conditions, may adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial performance. 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Partners of the Operating Partnership 

Limited Partner 

On May 20, 2008, the Advisor contributed 2 to
the Operating Partnership in exchange for limited partner common units in the Operating Partnership. The Advisor has the right to
convert limited partner common units into cash or, at the Company s option, an equal number of Common Shares. 

Associate General Partner 

In connection with the Company s Offerings,
the Associate General Partner contributed (i) cash of million and (ii) equity interests totaling in the Brownmill Joint Venture,
which were valued at million, to the Operating Partnership in exchange for Subordinated Profits Interests in the Operating
Partnership with an aggregate value of million. 

As the indirect majority owner of the Associate
General Partner, Mr. Lichtenstein is the beneficial owner of a 99 interest in such Subordinated Profits Interests and thus receives an
indirect benefit from any distributions made in respect thereof. 

These Subordinated Profits Interests may entitle
the Associate General Partner to a portion of any regular distributions that the Company makes to its stockholders, but only after its
stockholders have received a stated preferred return. There have been no distributions declared on the Subordinated Profits Interests
for any periods after December 31, 2019. Since the Company s inception through December 31, 2022, the cumulative distributions declared
and paid on the Subordinated Profits Interests were 7.9 million. Any future distributions on the Subordinated Profits Interests will
always be subordinated until stockholders receive a stated preferred return. 

The Subordinated Profits Interests may also entitle
Lightstone SLP II, LLC to a portion of any liquidating distributions made by the Operating Partnership. The value of such distributions
will depend upon the net sale proceeds upon the liquidation of the Company and, therefore, cannot be determined at the present time. Liquidating
distributions to Lightstone SLP II, LLC will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a distribution equal to their initial investment
plus a stated preferred return. 

Other Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Other noncontrolling interests consist of the
(i) membership interest in the Hotel Joint Venture held by Lightstone I and (ii) membership interests held by minority owners in one of
the Company s hotels. 

The Company s Sponsor, Advisor and its affiliates,
including the Special Limited Partner, are related parties of the Company as well as the other public REITs also sponsored and/or advised
by these entities. Certain of these entities are entitled to compensation and reimbursement for services and costs incurred related to
the investment, management and disposition of our assets during the Company s acquisition, operational and liquidation stages. The
compensation levels during the acquisition and operational stages are based on the cost of acquired properties/investments and the annual
revenue earned from such properties/investments, and other such fees and expense reimbursements as outlined in each of the respective
agreements. 

See Notes 4 and 9 for additional information. 

 general partnership interest in the Operating Partnership.
All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). GAAP requires
the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during a reporting period. The most significant
assumptions and estimates relate to the valuation of investment property and investments in other unconsolidated real estate entities
and depreciable lives of long-lived assets. Application of these assumptions requires the exercise of judgment as to future uncertainties
and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Investments in other unconsolidated
real estate entities where the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, but does not exercise financial and operating
control and is not considered to be the primary beneficiary are accounted
for using the equity method. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Holding loss on available for sale securities 

Room revenue is generated through contracts with
customers whereby the customers agree to pay a daily rate for right to use a hotel room. The Company s contract performance obligations
are fulfilled at the end of the day that the customer is provided the room and revenue is recognized daily at the contract rate. Payment
from the customer is secured at the end of the contract upon check-out by the customer from our hotel. The Company participates in frequent
guest programs sponsored by the brand owners of our hotels whereby the brand owner allows guests to earn loyalty points during their hotel
stay. The Company recognizes revenue at the amount earned that it will receive from the brand owner when a guest redeems their loyalty
points by staying at one of the Company s hotels. 

Revenue from food, beverage and other ancillary
services is generated when a customer chooses to purchase goods or services separately from a hotel room and revenue is recognized when
these goods or services are provided to the customer and the Company s contract performance obligations have been fulfilled. 

Some contracts for rooms, food, beverage or other
services require an upfront deposit which is recorded as deferred revenues (or contract liabilities) and recognized once the performance
obligations are satisfied. The contract liabilities are not significant. 

The Company notes no significant judgments regarding
the recognition of room, food and beverage or other revenues. 

The following table represents the total revenues
from hotel operations on a disaggregated basis : 

Food, beverage and other 

Total revenues 

Impairment Evaluation 

The Company evaluates its investments in real
estate assets for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the undiscounted projected cash flows
are less than the carrying amount for a particular property. The Company evaluates the recoverability of its investments in real estate
assets at the lowest identifiable level, the individual property level. No single indicator would necessarily result in the Company preparing
an estimate to determine if an individual property s future undiscounted cash flows are less than its carrying value. The
Company uses judgment to determine if the severity of any single indicator, or the fact that there are a number of indicators of less
severity that when combined, would result in an indication that a property requires an estimate of the undiscounted cash flows to determine
if an impairment has occurred. Relevant facts and circumstances include, among others, significant underperformance relative to historical
or projected future operating results and significant negative industry or economic trends. The undiscounted projected cash
flows used for the impairment analysis are subjective and require the Company to use its judgment and the determination of estimated fair
value are based on the Company s plans for the respective assets and the Company s views of market and economic conditions.
 The estimates consider matters such as future operating income, market and other applicable trends and residual value, as well as
the effects of demand, competition, and recent sales data for comparable properties. An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying
amount of a property is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. 

years for buildings and improvements and five to 
years for furniture and fixtures. Expenditures for ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 

of its REIT taxable income (which does
not equal net income, as calculated in accordance with GAAP), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding
any net capital gain. If the Company fails to remain qualified for taxation as a REIT in any subsequent year and does not qualify for
certain statutory relief provisions, its income for that year will be taxed at regular corporate rates, and it may be precluded from qualifying
for treatment as a REIT for the four-year period following its failure to qualify as a REIT. Such an event could materially adversely
affect the Company s net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. Additionally, even if the Company continues
to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it may still be subject to some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on its
income and property and to U.S. federal income taxes and excise taxes on its undistributed income, if any. 

To maintain its qualification as a REIT, the Company
engages in certain activities through taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ), including when it acquires a hotel it usually establishes
a TRS and enters into an operating lease agreement for the hotel. As such, the Company is subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes
and franchise taxes from these activities. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had no material uncertain income tax positions. 

The fair value of our mortgages payable was determined
by discounting the future contractual interest and principal payments by market interest rates. 

million.
In connection with the transaction, the Company also fully defeased a mortgage loan (the Courtyard Paso Robles Mortgage
Loan with an outstanding principal balance of million at a total cost of million and its net proceeds after
closing and other costs, pro rations and working capital adjustments were million. In connection with the disposition of the
Courtyard Paso Robles, the Company recognized a gain on the sale of investment property of million during the year ended
December 31, 2022. See Note 7. 

Disposition of the TownePlace
Suites - Little Rock 

On July 14, 2022, the
Company completed the disposition of a 92-room hotel located in Little Rock, Arkansas, which operates as a TownePlace Suites (the TownePlace
Suites - Little Rock to an unaffiliated third party, for a contractual sales price of million. In connection with the
disposition of the TownePlace Suites - Little Rock, the Company used proceeds of million to make a principal paydown on
the Revolving Credit Facility and its net proceeds after closing and other costs, pro rations and working capital adjustments
were million . In connection with the disposition of the TownePlace Suites
- Little Rock, the Company recognized a gain on the sale of investment property of million during the year ended December 31,
2022. See Note 7. 

The dispositions of the
Courtyard Paso Robles and the TownePlace Suites - Little Rock did not qualify to be reported as discontinued operations since
the dispositions did not represent a strategic shift that had a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results.
Accordingly, the operating results of the Courtyard Paso Robles and the TownePlace Suites - Little Rock are reflected in the Company s
results from continuing operations for all periods presented through their respective dates of disposition. 

Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture 

Total investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities 

Brownmill Joint Venture 

During 2010 through 2012,
the Company entered into various contribution agreements with Lightstone Holdings LLC LGH ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Sponsor, pursuant to which LGH contributed to the Company an aggregate membership interest in the Brownmill Joint Venture
in exchange for the Company issuing an aggregate of units of Subordinated Profits Interests, at per unit (at an
aggregate total value of million), to Lightstone SLP II LLC. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company owns
a membership interest in the Brownmill Joint Venture, which is a non-managing interest. An affiliate of the Company s
Sponsor is the majority owner and manager of the Brownmill Joint Venture. Profit and cash distributions are allocated in accordance with
each investor s ownership percentage. The Company accounts for its investment in the Brownmill Joint Venture in accordance with
the equity method of accounting. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received distributions from the Brownmill Joint
Venture aggregating million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company made aggregate capital contributions of million
and received distributions from the Brownmill Joint Venture aggregating million. 

The Brownmill Joint Venture owns two retail properties
known as Browntown Shopping Center, located in Old Bridge, New Jersey, and Millburn Mall, located in Vauxhaull, New Jersey. 

Brownmill Joint Venture Financial Information 

The Company s carrying value of its interest
in the Brownmill Joint Venture differs from its share of member s equity reported in the condensed balance sheet of the Brownmill
Joint Venture because the basis of the Company s investment is in excess of the historical net book value of the Brownmill Joint
Venture. The Company s additional basis, which has been allocated to depreciable assets, is being recognized on a straight-line
basis over the estimated useful lives of the appropriate assets. 

The following table represents the condensed income
statements for the Brownmill Joint Venture for the periods indicated: 

Property operating expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating income 

Gain on disposition of real estate (1) 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense and other, net 

Net income 

Company s share of earnings (48.6 

Additional depreciation and amortization expense (2) 

Company s earnings from investment 

Notes: 

(1) 

(2) 

The following table represents the condensed balance
sheets for the Brownmill Joint Venture: 

Cash and restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Mortgage payable 

Other liabilities 

Members capital 

Total liabilities and members capital 

Hilton Garden Inn
Joint Venture 

On March 27, 2018,
the Company and Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT III ), a related party REIT also sponsored by
the Company s Sponsor, acquired, through the newly formed Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture, the Hilton Garden Inn - Long Island City
from an unrelated third party, for aggregate consideration of million, which consisted of million of cash and million
of proceeds from a five-year term non-recourse loan from a financial institution (the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage ), excluding
closing and other related transaction costs. The Company paid million for a membership interest in the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture. 

The Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage bore interest at
 , subject to a 5.03 floor, initially provided for monthly interest-only payments for the first 30 months of its term
with principal and interest payments pursuant to a 25-year amortization schedule thereafter, and the remaining unpaid balance due in full
at its maturity on March 27, 2023. The Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage is collateralized by the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City. 

The Company and Lightstone
REIT III each have a co-managing membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. The Company s membership
interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture is a co-managing interest. The Company accounts for its membership interest in the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting because it exerts significant influence over but does not
control the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. All capital contributions and distributions of earnings from the Hilton Garden Inn Joint
Venture are made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions in excess of earnings
from the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture s
operating agreement. The Company commenced recording its allocated portion of profit/loss and cash distributions beginning as of March 27,
2018 with respect to its membership interest of 50.0 in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. 

In light of the impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic on the operating results of the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture
previously entered into certain amendments with respect to the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage as discussed below. 

On June 2, 2020, the
Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage was amended to provide for (i) the deferral of the six monthly debt service payments aggregating million
for the period from April 1, 2020 through September 30, 2020 until March 27, 2023; (ii) a 100 bps reduction in the interest rate spread
to , for the six-month period from September 1, 2020 through February 28, 2021; (iii)
the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture pre-funding million into a cash collateral reserve account to cover the six monthly debt
service payments due from October 1, 2020 through March 1, 2021; and (iv) waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end periods before
June 30, 2021. 

Additionally, on April 7, 2021, the Hilton Garden
Inn Joint Venture and the lender further amended the terms of the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage to provide for (i) the Hilton Garden Inn
Joint Venture to make a principal paydown of million; (ii) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture to fund an additional million
into the cash collateral reserve account; (iii) a waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end periods through September 30, 2021
with a phased-in gradual return to the full financial covenant requirements over the quarter-end periods beginning December 31, 2021 through
December 31, 2022; (iv) an 11-month interest-only payment period from May 1, 2021 through March 31, 2022; and (v) certain restrictions
on distributions to the members of the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture during the interest-only payment period. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Hilton Garden Inn
Joint Venture was in compliance with respect to all of its financial debt covenants. 

Subsequent to the Company s acquisition
of its 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Joint Venture through December 31, 2022, it has made an aggregate of million
of additional capital contributions (all of which was made prior to 2022) and received aggregate distributions of million (of
which million was received in 2022). 

On March 27, 2023, the
Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the lender amended the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage to extend the maturity date for 90 days, through
June 25, 2023, to provide additional time to finalize the terms of a long-term extension. 

Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture Financial Information 

The following table represents the condensed statements
of operations for the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture for the periods indicated: 

Property operating expenses 

General and administrative costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating income 

Interest expense and other, net 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Net income/(loss) 

Company s share of net income/(loss) (50.0 

The following table represents the condensed balance
sheets for the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture: 

Cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Mortgage payable, net 

Other liabilities 

Members capital 

Total liabilities and members capital 

- 

Debt securities: 

United States Treasury Bills 

- 

Total 

As of December 31, 2021 

Adjusted Cost 
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
 Fair Value 
 
 Marketable Securities: 

Equity Securities 

- 

Fair Value Measurements 

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that
would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset
or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair
value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 

The standard describes a fair value hierarchy
based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure
fair value: 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s
United States Treasury Bills were classified as Level 1 assets and the Company s equity securities were classified as Level 2 assets.
There were no transfers between the level classifications during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The fair values of the Company s United
States Treasury Bills are measured using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and equity securities are measured using
readily available quoted prices for these securities; however, the markets for these securities are not active. 

The Company did not have any other significant financial
assets or liabilities, which would require revised valuations that are recognized at fair value. 

Margin Loan 

The Company has access to a margin loan from a
financial institution that holds custody of certain of the Company s marketable securities. The margin loan is collateralized by
the marketable securities in the Company s account and due on demand. The amounts available to the Company under the margin loan
are at the discretion of the financial institution and not limited to the amount of collateral in its account. The amount outstanding
under this margin loan was million as of December 31, 2021. The Company repaid the entire outstanding
balance of the Margin Loan million) during the first quarter of 2022 with the proceeds from the sale of marketable securities .
The margin loan bears interest at as of December 31, 2022). 

Courtyard Paso Robles 

Repaid in full 
 - 
 - 

Total mortgages payable 

Less: Deferred financing costs 

Total mortgages payable, net 

AMERIBOR as of December
31, 2022 was . LIBOR as of December 31, 2021 was . 

Revolving Credit Facility 

The Company, through
certain subsidiaries, has a non-recourse Revolving Credit Facility with a financial institution. The Revolving Credit Facility provides
a line of credit of up to million pursuant to which Company may designate its hotel properties as collateral that allow borrowings
up to a loan-to-value ratio subject to also meeting certain financial covenants. The Revolving Credit Facility provides for
monthly interest-only payments and the entire principal balance is due upon its scheduled expiration. 

Except as discussed below,
the Revolving Credit Facility, which was scheduled to mature on , However, on September 6, 2022, the Revolving Credit Facility was amended and is now scheduled to mature on . In connection with the amendment of the Revolving Credit Facility, 

Subsequently, on March
31, 2021, the Revolving Credit Facility was further amended providing for (i) the Company to pledge the membership interests in another
hotel as additional collateral within 45 days, (ii) the Company to fund an additional million into the cash collateral reserve
account; (iii) a waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end periods through September 30, 2021 with a phased-in gradual return
to the full financial covenant requirements over the quarter-end periods beginning December 31, 2021 through March 31, 2023; (iv) an extension
of the maturity date from May 17, 2021 to September 15, 2022 upon the pledge of the additional collateral (which was subsequently
completed on May 13, 2021); (v) one additional one-year extension option at the lender s sole discretion; and (vi) certain limitations
and restrictions on asset sales and additional borrowings related to the pledged collateral. 

On July 14, 2022, in
connection with the disposition of the TownePlace Suites - Little Rock, the Company used proceeds of million to make a principal
paydown on the Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 3. 

As of December 31, 2022,
all of the Company s 12 majority owned and consolidated hotel properties were pledged as collateral under the Revolving Credit Facility
and the outstanding principal balance was million. Additionally, no additional borrowings were available under the Revolving
Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. The Company currently intends to seek to extend or refinance the Revolving Credit Facility on
or before its maturity date of September 15, 2023, however, there can be no assurances that it will be successful in such endeavors. 

The Company is currently
in compliance with respect to all of its financial debt covenants. 

Courtyard Paso Robles Mortgage Loan 

In connection with the Company s acquisition
of the Courtyard Paso Robles on December 14, 2017, it assumed the Courtyard Paso Robles Mortgage Loan. The Courtyard 
Paso Robles Mortgage Loan was scheduled to mature in November 2023, bore interest at a fixed rate of and required monthly principal
and interest payments of through its stated maturity with a balloon payment of million due at maturity. On March
22, 2022, the Courtyard Paso Robles Mortgage Loan was fully defeased in connection with the disposition of the Courtyard 
Paso Robles. See Note 3. 

Principal Mortgage Maturities 

The following table, based on the initial terms
of the mortgages, sets forth their aggregate estimated contractual principal maturities, including balloon payments due at maturity, as
of December 31, 2022: 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Less: deferred financing costs 

Total principal maturities, net 

Pursuant to the Company s loan agreements,
escrows in the amount of million and million were held in restricted cash accounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Such escrows will be released in accordance with the applicable loan agreements for payments of real estate taxes, debt service payments,
insurance and capital improvement transactions, as required. 

 million through loans (the PPP Loans originated under the federal Paycheck Protection Program, which
was established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and is administered by the
 U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA . During the first quarter
of 2021, the Borrowers received an additional aggregate funding of million of PPP Loans. The PPP Loans are classified as Notes
Payable in the consolidated balance sheets. 

The PPP Loans each had a term
of five years and provided for an interest rate of . The payment of principal and interest on the PPP Loans was
deferred until the day that the forgiven amount is remitted to the lender (approximately five months after the forgiveness
application is submitted to the lender, unless the Borrower appealed a denial of forgiveness) or ten months after the end of the
Borrower s covered period, whichever was earlier. Pursuant to the terms of the CARES Act, the proceeds of the PPP Loans were
to be used for payroll costs, mortgage interest, rent or utility costs. 

The promissory note for each of the PPP Loans
contained customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults and breach of representations and warranties or
of provisions of the relevant promissory note. Under the terms of the CARES Act, each Borrower could apply for and be granted forgiveness
for all or a portion of the PPP Loans. Such forgiveness was determined, subject to limitations, based on the use of loan proceeds in accordance
with the terms of the CARES Act. In the event all or any portion of a PPP Loan was forgiven, the amount forgiven was applied to outstanding
principal and recorded as income. The PPP Loans are subject to audit by the SBA for up to six years after the date the loans
were forgiven. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company received notices from the SBA that all of the PPP Loans received and their related accrued interest had been legally forgiven
and therefore no amounts were owed as of December 31, 2022. As a result, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recognized a gain on forgiveness of debt of million and million, respectively, in its consolidated statements of operations. 

Under its charter, the Company cannot make certain
material changes to its business form or operations without the approval of stockholders holding at least a majority of the shares of
our stock entitled to vote on the matter. These include (1) amendment of its charter, (2) its liquidation or dissolution, (3) its reorganization,
and (4) to the extent required under Maryland law, its merger, consolidation or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets. 

Distributions on Common Shares 

The Company s Board of Directors commenced
declaring and the Company began paying regular quarterly distributions on its Common Shares at the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution
of per share, or an annualized rate of assuming a purchase price of per share, beginning with the fourth quarter of
2009 through the third quarter of 2015. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, the Board of Directors increased the regular quarterly
distributions on the Company s Common Shares to the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of per share, or an annualized
rate of assuming a purchase price of per share. Additionally, in February 2017 the Board of Directors declared, and in March
2017 the Company paid a special catch-up distribution on its Common Shares at an annualized rate of assuming a purchase
price of per share for all the quarterly periods beginning with the fourth quarter of 2009 and ending with the third quarter of
2015. 

On March 19, 2020, the Board of Directors determined
to suspend regular quarterly distributions. As a result, there were no distributions declared during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

On March 22, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized
and the Company declared a Common Share distribution of per share for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2023. The distribution
is the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.30 per share, or an annualized rate of based on a share price of .
The distribution will be paid on or about the 15th day of the month following the quarter-end to stockholders of record on the close of
business on the last day of the quarter end. 

Future distributions declared, if any, will be
at the discretion of the Board of Directors based on their analysis of the Company s performance over the previous periods and expectations
of performance for future periods. The Board of Directors will consider various factors in its determination, including but not limited
to, the sources and availability of capital, revenues and other sources of income, operating and interest expenses and the Company s
ability to refinance near-term debt as well as the IRS s annual distribution requirement that REITs distribute no less than 90 
of their taxable income. The Company cannot assure that any future distributions will be made or that it will maintain any particular
level of distributions that it has previously established or may establish. 

SRP 

The Company s share repurchase program (the
 SRP may provide eligible stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell their Common Shares back
to the Company, subject to restrictions and applicable law. 

On March 19, 2020, the Board of Directors amended
the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension of all redemptions. 

Effective May 10, 2021, the Board of Directors
reopened the SRP to allow, subject to various conditions as set forth below, for redemptions submitted in connection with a stockholder s
death or hardship and set the price for all such purchases to the Company s current estimated net asset value per share of common
stock, as determined by the Board of Directors and reported by the Company from time to time. 

Deaths that occurred subsequent to January 1,
2020 were eligible for consideration, subject to certain conditions. Beginning January 1, 2022, requests for redemptions in connection
with a stockholder s death must be submitted and received by the Company within one year of the stockholder s date of death
for consideration. 

On the above noted date, the Board of Directors
established that on an annual basis, the Company would not redeem in excess of of the number of shares outstanding as of the
end of the preceding year for either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Additionally, redemption requests generally would be
processed on a quarterly basis and would be subject to pro ration if either type of redemption requests exceeded the annual limitation. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company
repurchased Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of . For the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company repurchased
 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of . 

Noncontrolling Interests 

See Notes 1 and 9 for additional information on
Noncontrolling Interests and the distribution rights related to the Subordinated Profits Interests, respectively. 

 of the gross
 contractual purchase price (including any mortgage assumed) of each property purchased. The Advisor is also be reimbursed for expenses
 that it incurs in connection with the purchase of a property. 

Property Management 
 Residential/Retail/ 
 Hospitality 

Either third party or affiliated property managers are paid a monthly
 management fee of up to of the gross revenues from residential, hospitality and retail properties. The Company may pay the property
 manager a separate fee for (i) the development of (ii) one-time initial rent-up or (iii) leasing-up of newly constructed properties in
 an amount not to exceed the fee customarily charged in arm s length transactions by others rendering similar services in the same
 geographic area for similar properties as determined by a survey of brokers and agents in such area. 

Property Management 
 Office/Industrial 

The property managers are paid monthly property management and leasing
 fees of up to of gross revenues from office and industrial properties. In addition, the Company may pay the property managers a separate
 fee for the one-time initial rent-up or leasing-up of newly constructed properties in an amount not to exceed the fee customarily charged
 in arm s length transactions by others rendering similar services in the same geographic area for similar properties as determined
 by a survey of brokers and agents in such area. 

Asset Management Fee 

The Advisor or its affiliates are paid an asset management fee of 
 of the Company s average invested assets, as defined, 

Reimbursement of Other expenses 

For any year in which the Company qualifies as a REIT, the Advisor
 must reimburse the Company for the amounts, if any, by which the total operating expenses, the sum of the advisor asset management fee
 plus other operating expenses paid during the previous fiscal year exceed the greater of of average invested assets, as defined, for
 that fiscal year, or, of net income for that fiscal year. Items such as property operating expenses, depreciation and amortization
 expenses, interest payments, taxes, non-cash expenditures, the special liquidation distribution, the special termination distribution,
 organization and offering expenses, and acquisition fees and expenses are excluded from the definition of total operating expenses, which
 otherwise includes the aggregate expense of any kind paid or incurred by the Company. 
 
 The Advisor or its affiliates are reimbursed for expenses that may
 include costs of goods and services, administrative services and non-supervisory services performed directly for the Company by independent
 parties. 

Subordinated Profits Interests 

In connection with the Company s
Offerings, Lightstone SLP II LLC, an affiliate of the Company s Sponsor, contributed an aggregate of million consisting of
(i) cash of million and (ii) equity interests in the Brownmill Joint Venture (see Note 4) valued at 4.8 million to the Operating
Partnership in exchange for 177.0 Subordinated Profits Interests in the Operating Partnership with an aggregate value of million,
which are included in noncontrolling interests in the consolidated balance sheets. 

These Subordinated Profits Interests,
for which the aggregate consideration of 17.7 million will only be repaid after stockholders receive a stated preferred return in addition
to their net investment, entitle Lightstone SLP II, LLC to a portion of any regular distributions made by the Operating Partnership. There
were no distributions paid on the Subordinated Profit Interests through December 31, 2016. However, in connection with the Board of Directors
declaration of a special distribution on the Company s Common Shares on February 28, 2017, they also declared that distributions
be brought current through December 31, 2016 on the Subordinated Profits Interests at a annualized rate of return which amounted to
 million and were paid to Lightstone SLP II, LLC on March 15, 2017. Beginning with the first quarter of 2017, the Company s
Board of Directors declared and the Company paid regular quarterly distributions on the Subordinated Profits Interests at an annualized
rate of along with the regular quarterly distributions on its Common Shares for all quarterly periods through December 31, 2019. 

These Subordinated Profits Interests may entitle
the Associate General Partner to a portion of any regular distributions that the Company makes to its stockholders, but only after its
stockholders have received a stated preferred return. There have been no distributions declared on the Subordinated Profits Interests
for any periods after December 31, 2019. Since the Company s inception through December 31, 2022, the cumulative distributions declared
and paid on the Subordinated Profits Interests were million. Any future distributions on the Subordinated Profits Interests will
always be subordinated until stockholders receive a stated preferred return. 

The Subordinated Profits Interests may
also entitle Lightstone SLP II, LLC to a portion of any liquidating distributions made by the Operating Partnership. The value of such
distributions will depend upon the net sale proceeds upon the liquidation of the Company and, therefore, cannot be determined at the present
time. Liquidating distributions to Lightstone SLP II, LLC will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a distribution equal
to their initial investment plus a stated preferred return. 

The following tables provide further
information with respect to the Company s distributions during its liquidating stage and operating stage, respectively: 

Liquidating Stage Distributions 
 
 Amount of Distribution 
 
 7 Stockholder Return Threshold 

Once stockholders have received liquidation distributions, and a cumulative
 non-compounded return per year on their initial net investment, Lightstone SLP, LLC will receive available distributions until it has
 received an amount equal to its initial purchase price of the Subordinated Profits Interests plus a cumulative non-compounded return of
 per year. 

Returns in Excess of 7 

Once stockholders have received liquidation distributions, and a cumulative
 non-compounded return of per year on their initial net investment, of the aggregate amount of any additional distributions from
 the Operating Partnership will be payable to the stockholders, and of such amount will be payable to Lightstone SLP II, LLC, until
 a return is reached. 

Returns in Excess of 12 
 
 After stockholders and Lightstone SLP II, LLC have received liquidation distributions, and a cumulative non-compounded return of per year on their initial net investment, of any remaining distributions from the Operating Partnership will be distributable to stockholders, and of such amount will be payable to Lightstone SLP II, LLC. 

Operating Stage Distributions 
 
 Amount of Distribution 
 
 7 stockholder Return Threshold 

Once a cumulative non-compounded return of return on their net investment
 is realized by stockholders, Lightstone SLP II, LLC is eligible to receive available distributions from the Operating Partnership until
 it has received an amount equal to a cumulative non-compounded return of per year on the purchase price of the Subordinated Profits
 Interests. Net investment refers to per share, less a pro rata share of any proceeds received from the sale or refinancing
 of the Company s assets. 

Returns in excess of 7 

Once a cumulative non-compounded return of 7 per year is realized
 by stockholders on their net investment, of the aggregate amount of any additional distributions from the Operating Partnership will
 be payable to the stockholders, and of such amount will be payable to Lightstone SLP II, LLC until a 12 return is reached. 

Returns in Excess of 12 
 
 After the return threshold is realized by stockholders and Lightstone SLP II, LLC, of any remaining distributions from the Operating Partnership will be distributable to stockholders, and of such amount will be payable to Lightstone SLP II, LLC. 

The following table represents the fees incurred
associated with the payments to the Company s Advisor for the periods indicated: 

year to years however, the agreements can be cancelled for any reason by the Company after
giving 60 days notice after the one year anniversary of the commencement of the respective agreement. 

The Management
Agreements provide for the payment of a base management fee equal to to of gross revenues, as defined, and an incentive management
fee based on the operating results of the hotel, as defined. The base management fee and incentive management fee, if any, are
recorded as a component of property operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Franchise Agreements 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company s hotels operated pursuant to various franchise agreements. Under the franchise agreements, the Company generally pays
 a fee equal to of gross room sales, as defined, and a marketing fund charge from to 
of gross room sales. The franchise fee and marketing fund charge are recorded as a
component of property operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The
franchise agreements are generally for initial terms ranging from years to years, expiring between 2025 and 2037. 

Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Company may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. 

As of the date hereof, the Company
is not a party to any material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible to have a material adverse
effect on its results of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the contingency and possible
range of loss. Additionally, the Company has not recorded any loss contingencies related to legal proceedings in which the potential loss
is deemed to be remote. 

F- 28 

PART II. CONTINUED: 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE: 

None . 

Item 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
As of December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Advisor s management,
including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a
company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded as of December 31, 2022 that our disclosure controls and procedures were adequate and effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control system is a process designed by,
or under the supervision of, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our Board of Directors,
management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Our internal control over financial reporting includes
policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and disposition of assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, they used the control criteria framework of the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations, or COSO, of the Treadway Commission published in its report entitled Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) . Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting . There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION: 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN
JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

31 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
OF THE REGISTRANT 

Directors 

The following table presents certain information
as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our directors serving in such capacity: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal Occupation and Positions Held 
 
 Year Term of Office Will Expire 
 
 Served as a Director Since 
 
 David Lichtenstein 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 2023 
 
 2008 
 
 George R. Whittemore 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 2023 
 
 2008 
 
 Yehuda Judah L. Angster 
 
 40 
 
 Director 
 
 2023 
 
 2021 

DAVID LICHTENSTEIN is the Chairman of our Board
of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Lichtenstein founded both American Shelter Corporation and The Lightstone Group. From
1988 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of The Lightstone Group,
directing all aspects of the acquisition, financing and management of a diverse portfolio of multi-family, lodging, retail and industrial
properties located in 20 states and Puerto Rico. From June 2004 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as the Chairman of the board
of directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc.( Lightstone REIT I and Lightstone Value
Plus REIT LLC, its advisor. From October 2012 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as the Chairman of the board of directors of
Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT III and from April 2013 to the present, as the Chief Executive Officer
of Lightstone REIT III and of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LLC. From September 2014 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as Chairman
of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc., Lightstone REIT IV ), and
as Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Real Estate Income LLC, its advisor. From October 2014 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served
as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Enterprises Limited Lightstone Enterprises ).
Mr. Lichtenstein was appointed Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT V, Inc. Lightstone
V on August 31, 2021 and is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of its advisor. Mr. Lichtenstein previously served
as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone V from September 28, 2017 through August 30, 2021. Mr. Lichtenstein
previously served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone V from September 28, 2017 through August 30, 2021. From
July 2015 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as a member of the Board of Directors of the New York City Economic Development
Corporation. Mr. Lichtenstein is also a member of the International Council of Shopping Centers and the National Association of Real Estate
Investment Trusts, Inc., an industry trade group, as well as a member of the Board of Directors of Touro College and New York Medical
College. Mr. Lichtenstein has been selected to serve as a director due to his extensive experience and networking relationships in the
real estate industry, along with his experience in acquiring and financing real estate properties. 

GEORGE R. WHITTEMORE is one of our independent
directors and the Chairman of our Audit Committee. From July 2006 to the present, Mr. Whittemore has served as a member of the board of
directors of Lightstone REIT I and from December 2013 to present, has served as a member of the board of directors of Lightstone REIT
III. Mr. Whittemore also presently serves as a Director and member of the Audit Committee of Village Bank Financial Corporation in Richmond,
Virginia, a publicly traded company. Mr. Whittemore previously served as a as a Director of Condor Hospitality, Inc. in Norfolk,
Nebraska, a publicly traded company, from November 1994 to March 2016. Mr. Whittemore previously served as a Director and Chairman of
the Audit Committee of Prime Group Realty Trust from July 2005 until December 2012. Mr. Whittemore previously served as President and
Chief Executive Officer of Condor Hospitality Trust, Inc. from November 2001 until August 2004 and as Senior Vice President and Director
of both Anderson Strudwick, Incorporated, a brokerage firm based in Richmond, Virginia, and Anderson Strudwick Investment
Corporation, from October 1996 until October 2001. Mr. Whittemore has also served as a Director, President and Managing Officer of Pioneer
Federal Savings Bank and its parent, Pioneer Financial Corporation, from September 1982 until August 1994, and as President of Mills Value
Adviser, Inc., a registered investment advisor. Mr. Whittemore is a graduate of the University of Richmond. Mr. Whittemore has been selected
to serve as an independent director because of his extensive experience in accounting, banking, finance and real estate. 

32 

YEHUDA JUDAH L. ANGSTER is one of
our independent directors. From August 2021 to the present, Mr. Angster has served as a member of the board of directors of
Lightstone REIT III and from November 2015 through August 2021, Mr. Angster served as a member of the board of directors
of Lightstone REIT I. Mr. Angster is currently the Chief Executive Officer of CastleRock Equity Group in Florham Park, NJ. Before joining
CastleRock Equity Group in June of 2015, Mr. Angster was the Vice President of Global Development for PCS Wireless, LLC in Florham Park
NJ beginning in September 2012. Mr. Angster was the Internal Counsel for Empire Bank from June 2009 to September 2012. Mr. Angster earned
his J.D. from the Pace University School of Law in May 2009. Mr. Angster earned a Bachelor of Talmudic Law from Tanenbaum Educational
Center, Rockland, NY. Mr. Angster is licensed to practice law in New Jersey and New York. Mr. Angster has been selected to serve as an
independent director due to his extensive experience in global business development and real estate transactions. 

Executive Officers: 

The following table presents certain information
as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our executive officers serving in such capacities: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal Occupation and Positions Held 
 
 David Lichtenstein 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Mitchell Hochberg 
 
 70 
 
 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Joseph Teichman 
 
 49 
 
 General Counsel 
 
 Seth Molod 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

David Lichtenstein for biographical
information about Mr. Lichtenstein, see Management Directors. 

MITCHELL HOCHBERG is our President and Chief Operating
Officer. Mr. Hochberg also serves as the President and Chief Operating Officer of our sponsor. Mr. Hochberg serves as President and Chief
Operating Officer of Lightstone REIT I, Lightstone REIT III and Lightstone REIT IV and their respective advisors. From October 2014 to
the present, Mr. Hochberg has served as President of Lightstone Enterprises. Mr. Hochberg was appointed Chief Executive Officer of
Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT I, Inc. OP 1 and Lightstone REIT V effective as of September 28, 2017. Additionally,
on August 31, 2021, Mr. Hochberg was appointed as a director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone REIT V and
will continue to serve as the Lightstone V s Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining The Lightstone Group in August 2012, Mr.
Hochberg served as principal of Madden Real Estate Ventures, a real estate investment, development and advisory firm specializing in hospitality
and residential projects from 2007 to August 2012 when it combined with our sponsor. Mr. Hochberg held the position of President and Chief
Operating Officer of Ian Schrager Company, a developer and manager of innovative luxury hotels and residential projects in the United
States from early 2006 to early 2007 and prior to that Mr. Hochberg founded Spectrum Communities, a developer of luxury residential neighborhoods
in the Northeast in 1985 where for 20 years he served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Hochberg served on the board of
directors of Belmond Ltd from 2009 to April 2019. Additionally, through October 2014 Mr.
Hochberg served on the board of directors and as Chairman of the board of directors of Orleans Homebuilders, Inc. Mr. Hochberg received
his law degree as a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar from Columbia University School of Law and graduated magna cum laude from New York University
College of Business and Public Administration with a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting and finance. 

JOSEPH E. TEICHMAN is our General Counsel and also
serves as General Counsel of Lightstone REIT I, Lightstone REIT III and Lightstone REIT IV and their respective advisors. Mr. Teichman
also serves as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of our Advisor and Sponsor. From October 2014 to the present, Mr. Teichman
has served as Secretary and a Director of Lightstone Enterprises. Prior to joining us in January 2007, Mr. Teichman practiced law at the
law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton Garrison LLP in New York, NY from September 2001 to January 2007. Mr. Teichman earned his
J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in May 2001. Mr. Teichman earned a B.A. from Beth Medrash Govoha, Lakewood, NJ. Mr.
Teichman is licensed to practice law in New York and New Jersey. Mr. Teichman is also a member of the Board of Directors of Yeshiva Orchos
Chaim, Lakewood, New Jersey and was appointed to the Ocean County College Board of Trustees in February 2016. 

33 

SETH MOLOD is our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
and also serves as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Lightstone REIT I, Lightstone REIT III, Lightstone REIT IV and Lightstone
REIT V. Mr. Molod also serves as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of our Sponsor and as the Chief Financial Officer
of our Advisor and the advisors of Lightstone REIT I, Lightstone REIT III, Lightstone REIT IV and Lightstone REIT V. Prior to the joining
the Lightstone Group in August of 2018, Mr. Molod, served as an Audit Partner, Chair of Real Estate Services and on the Executive Committee
of Berdon LLP, a full service accounting, tax, financial and management advisory firm Berdon ). Mr. Molod joined Berdon
in 1989. He has extensive experience advising some of the nation s most prominent real estate owners, developers, managers, and
investors in both commercial and residential projects. Mr. Molod has worked with many privately held real estate companies as well as
institutional investors, REITs, and other public companies. Mr. Molod is a licensed certified public accountant in New Jersey and New
York and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Molod holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree
in Accounting from Muhlenberg College. 

Section 16 (a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, requires each director, officer and individual beneficially owning more than 10 of our common stock to file initial
statements of beneficial ownership (Form 3) and statements of changes in beneficial ownership (Forms 4 and 5) of our common
stock with the Securities Exchange Commission SEC ). Officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required
by Securities and Exchange Commission rules to furnish us with copies of all such forms they file. Based solely on a review of the copies
of such forms furnished to us during and with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, or written representations that no additional
forms were required, we believe that all of our officers and directors and persons that beneficially own more than 10 of the outstanding
shares of our common stock complied with these filing requirements in 2022. 

Information Regarding Audit Committee 

Our Board established an audit committee in December
2008. The charter of audit committee is available at www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com /sec-filings#doc-section or in print to any shareholder
who requests it c/o Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc., 1985 Cedar Bridge Avenue, Lakewood, NJ 08701. Our audit committee consists of
George R. Whittemore and Yehuda Judah L. Angster each of whom is independent within the meaning of the NYSE
listing standards. The Board determined that Mr. Whittemore is qualified as an audit committee financial experts as defined in Item 401
(h) of Regulation S-K. For more information regarding the relevant professional experience of Mr. Whittemore and Mr. Angster see Directors . 

Code of Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics that
applies to all of our executive officers and directors, including but not limited to, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics can be found at www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com/ sec-filings#doc-section 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation of Executive Officers 

Our officers do not receive any cash
compensation from us for their services as our officers. We may compensate our officers with restricted shares of our common stock in
accordance with our Employee and Director Incentive Restricted Share Plan. Our board of directors (including a majority of our independent
directors) will determine if and when any of our officers will receive restricted shares of our common stock. Additionally, our officers
are officers of one or more of our related parties and are compensated by those entities (including our sponsor), in part, for their services
rendered to us. From our inception through December 31, 2022, the Company has not compensated the officers. 

Compensation of Board of Directors 

We pay our independent directors an annual fee
of 40,000 (payable in quarterly installments) and are responsible for reimbursement of their out-of-pocket expenses, as incurred. We
also pay our audit committee chair an additional aggregate annual fee of 10,000 (payable in quarterly installments). Pursuant to our
Employee and Director Incentive Share Plan, in lieu of receiving his or her annual fee in cash, an independent director is entitled to
receive the annual fee in the form of our common shares or a combination of common shares and cash. 

34 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Executive Officers: 

The following table presents certain information
as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our directors and executive officers serving in such capacities: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock of Lightstone REIT II Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of All Common Shares of Lightstone REIT II 

David Lichtenstein (1) 
 20,000 
 0.12 
 
 George R. Whittemore 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yehuda Judah L. Angster 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mitchell Hochberg 
 - 
 - 
 
 Seth Molod 
 - 
 - 
 
 Joseph Teichman 
 - 
 - 
 
 Our directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) 
 20,000 
 0.12 

(1 Includes 20,000 shares owned
by our Advisor. Our Advisor is wholly owned by The Lightstone Group, LLC, which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein. The Lightstone
Group, LLC served as our Sponsor during our initial public offerings, which terminated on September 27, 2014. The beneficial owner s
business address is 1985 Cedar Bridge Avenue, Lakewood, New Jersey 08701. 

Employee and Director Incentive Restricted Share Plan 

Our Employee and Director Incentive
Restricted Share Plan: 

furnishes incentives to individuals chosen to receive restricted shares because they are considered capable of improving our operations and increasing profits; 

encourages selected persons to accept or continue employment with our advisor and its affiliates; and 

increases the interest of our employees, officers and directors in our welfare through their participation in the growth in the value of our common shares. 

The Employee and Director Incentive
Restricted Share Plan provides us with the ability to grant awards of restricted shares to our directors, officers and full-time employees
(in the event we ever have employees), full-time employees of our Advisor and its affiliates, full-time employees of entities that provide
services to us, directors of the Advisor or of entities that provide services to us, certain of our consultants and certain consultants
to the advisor and its affiliates or to entities that provide services to us. The total number of common shares reserved for issuance
under the Employee and Director Incentive Restricted Share Plan is equal to 0.5 of our outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis at
any time, not to exceed 255,000 shares. 

Restricted share awards entitle the
recipient to common shares from us under terms that provide for vesting over a specified period of time or upon attainment of pre-established
performance objectives. Such awards would typically be forfeited with respect to the unvested shares upon the termination of the recipient s
employment or other relationship with us. Restricted shares may not, in general, be sold or otherwise transferred until restrictions are
removed and the shares have vested. Holders of restricted shares may receive cash dividends prior to the time that the restrictions on
the restricted shares have lapsed. Any dividends payable in common shares shall be subject to the same restrictions as the underlying
restricted shares. 

The guidance under Section 409A of the
Code provides that there is no deferral of compensation merely because the value of property (received in connection with the performance
of services) is not includible in income by reason of the property being substantially nonvested (as defined in Section 83 of the Code).
Accordingly, it is intended that the restricted share grants will not be considered nonqualified deferral compensation. 

We have not yet granted any awards of
restricted shares. 

35 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

Our advisor is Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LLC
(the Advisor ), which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein. On July 16, 2014, the Advisor contributed 2,000 to the Operating
Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner units in the Operating Partnership. Our Advisor also owns 20,000 shares of common stock Common Shares which were issued on May 20, 2008 for 200,000, or 10.00 per share. Mr. Lichtenstein also is the majority
owner of the equity interests of The Lightstone Group, LLC. The Lightstone Group, LLC served as the sponsor (the Sponsor during our initial public offering and follow-on offering (the Follow-On Offering , and collectively, the Offerings ),
which terminated on August 15, 2012 and September 27, 2014, respectively. Our Advisor, together with our board of directors (the Board
of Directors ), is primarily responsible for making investment decisions on our behalf and managing our day-to-day operations. Through
his ownership and control of The Lightstone Group, LLC, Mr. Lichtenstein is the indirect owner and manager of Lightstone SLP II LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (the Associate General Partner ), which owns 177.0 subordinated profits interests Subordinated
Profits Interests in the Operating Partnership which were acquired for aggregate consideration of 17.7 million in connection
with our Offerings. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but
does not control Lightstone REIT II or the Operating Partnership. 

On February 17, 2009, we entered into agreements
with our Advisor and its affiliates to pay certain fees, as described below, in exchange for services performed by them and/or other related
party entities. As the indirect owner of those entities, Mr. Lichtenstein benefits from fees and other compensation that they receive
pursuant to these agreements. 

Property Managers 

Our Advisor has affiliates which may manage certain
of the properties we acquire. However, we also contract with other unaffiliated third-party property managers, principally for the management
of our hospitality properties. 

We have agreed to pay our property managers a
monthly management fee of up to 5 of the gross revenues from our residential, lodging and retail properties. In addition, for the management
and leasing of our office and industrial properties, we will pay, to our property managers, property management and leasing fees of up
to 4.5 of gross revenues from our office and industrial properties. We may pay our property managers a separate fee for the one-time
initial rent-up or leasing-up of newly constructed office and industrial properties in an amount not to exceed the fee customarily charged
in arm s length transactions by others rendering similar services in the same geographic area for similar properties as determined
by a survey of brokers and agents in such area. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, our property managers
may be entitled to receive higher fees in the event they demonstrate to the satisfaction of a majority of the directors (including a majority
of the independent directors) that a higher competitive fee is justified for the services rendered. Our property managers will also be
paid a monthly fee for any extra services equal to no more than that which would be payable to an unrelated party providing the services.
The actual amounts of these fees are dependent upon results of operations and, therefore, cannot be determined at the present time. 

Advisor 

We pay our Advisor an acquisition fee equal to
0.95 of the gross contractual purchase price (including any mortgage assumed) of each property purchased and will reimburse our Advisor
for expenses that it incurs in connection with the purchase of a property. Acquisition fees and expenses are capped at 5 of the gross
contractual purchase price of a property. The Advisor is also paid an advisor asset management fee of 0.95 of our average invested assets
and we reimburse some expenses of the Advisor. Total fees paid to the Advisor for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 2.7
million and 3.0 million, respectively. 

We have various agreements with the Sponsor, Advisor
and their affiliates to pay certain fees and reimburse certain costs incurred for services performed by these entities. Additionally,
our ability to secure financing and our real estate operations are dependent upon these entities to perform such services as provided
in these agreements. 

Lightstone SLP II, LLC 

In connection with our Offerings, Lightstone SLP
II, LLC acquired 177.0 Subordinated Profits Interests in the Operating Partnership for aggregate consideration of 17.7 million. These
Subordinated Profits Interests, for which the aggregate consideration of 17.7 million will only be repaid after stockholders receive
a stated preferred return and their net investment, entitle Lightstone SLP II, LLC to a portion of any regular distributions made by the
Operating Partnership. 

There were no distributions declared on the Subordinated
Profits Interests during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. From our inception through December 31, 2022, the cumulative distributions
declared and paid on the Subordinated Profits Interests were 7.9 million. Any future distributions on the Subordinated Profits Interests
will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a stated preferred return. 

The Subordinated Profits Interests may also entitle
Lightstone SLP II, LLC to a portion of any liquidating distributions made by the Operating Partnership. The value of such distributions
will depend upon the net sale proceeds upon the liquidation of the Company and, therefore, cannot be determined at the present time. Liquidating
distributions to Lightstone SLP II, LLC will always be subordinated until stockholders receive a distribution equal to their initial investment
plus a stated preferred return. 

36 

Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliated Entities 

Brownmill Joint Venture 

During 2010 through 2012,
we entered into various contribution agreements with Lightstone Holdings LLC LGH ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Sponsor,
pursuant to which LGH contributed an aggregate 48.6 membership interest in the Brownmill Joint Venture to us in exchange for us
issuing an aggregate of 48 units of Subordinated Profits Interests, at 100,000 per unit (at an aggregate total value of 4.8 million),
to Lightstone SLP II LLC. 

As of December 31, 2022, we own a 48.6 
membership interest in the Brownmill Joint Venture, which is a non-managing interest. An affiliate of the Sponsor is the majority owner
and manager of the Brownmill Joint Venture. Profit and cash distributions are allocated in accordance with each investor s ownership
percentage. We account for our investment in the Brownmill Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, we received distributions from the Brownmill Joint Venture aggregating 5.6 million. During the year
ended December 31, 2021, we made aggregate capital contributions of 2.0 million and received distributions from the Brownmill Joint Venture
aggregating 0.3 million. 

The Brownmill Joint Venture owns two retail properties
known as Browntown Shopping Center, located in Old Bridge, New Jersey, and Millburn Mall, located in Vauxhaull, New Jersey. 

Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture 

On March 27, 2018,
we and Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT III ), a REIT also sponsored by our Sponsor and a related party,
acquired, through the newly formed Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City from an
unrelated third party for aggregate consideration of 60.0 million, which consisted of 25.0 million of cash and 35.0 million
of proceeds from a five-year term, non-recourse mortgage loan from a financial institution (the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage ),
excluding closing and other related transaction costs. We paid 12.9 million for a 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn
Joint Venture. 

The Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage bore interest at
LIBOR plus 3.15 , subject to a 5.03 floor, initially provided for monthly interest-only payments for the first 30 months of its term
with principal and interest payments pursuant to a 25-year amortization schedule thereafter, and the remaining unpaid balance due in full
at its maturity on March 27, 2023. The Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage is collateralized by the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City. 

We and Lightstone III
each have a 50.0 co-managing membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. We account for our membership interest in the
Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting because we exert significant influence over but do
not control the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. All capital contributions and distributions of earnings from the Hilton Garden Inn Joint
Venture are made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions in excess
of earnings from the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture s
operating agreement. We commenced recording our allocated portion of profit/loss and cash distributions beginning as of March 27,
2018 with respect to our membership interest of 50.0 in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. 

In light of the impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic on the operating results of the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture
previously entered into certain amendments with respect to the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage as discussed below. 

On June 2, 2020, the
Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage was amended to provide for (i) the deferral of the six monthly debt service payments aggregating 0.9 million
for the period from April 1, 2020 through September 30, 2020 until March 27, 2023; (ii) a 100 bps reduction in the interest rate spread
to LIBOR plus 2.15 , subject to a 4.03 floor, for the six-month period from September 1, 2020 through February 28, 2021; (iii) the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture pre-funding 1.2 million into a cash collateral reserve account to cover the six monthly debt service payments
due from October 1, 2020 through March 1, 2021; and (iv) waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end periods before June 30, 2021. 

Additionally, on April
7, 2021, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the lender further amended the terms of the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage to provide for
(i) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture to make a principal paydown of 1.7 million; (ii) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture to fund
an additional 0.7 million into the cash collateral reserve account; (iii) a waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end periods
through September 30, 2021 with a phased-in gradual return to the full financial covenant requirements over the quarter-end periods beginning
December 31, 2021 through December 31, 2022; (iv) a 11-month interest-only payment period from May 1, 2021 through March 31, 2022; and
(v) certain restrictions on distributions to the members of the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture during the interest-only payment period. 

37 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture was in compliance with respect to all of its financial debt covenants. 

Subsequent to the acquisition
of our 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Joint Venture through December 31, 2022, we made an aggregate of 2.8 million
of additional capital contributions (all of which was made prior to 2022) and received aggregate distributions of 4.0 million (of
which 2.0 million was received in 2022). 

On March 27, 2023, the
Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the lender amended the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage to extend the maturity date for 90 days, through
June 25, 2023, to provide additional time to finalize the terms of a long-term extension. 

Consolidated Hotel Joint Venture 

As of December 31, 2022, seven of our consolidated
limited-service hotels are held in LVP Holdco JV LLC (the Hotel Joint Venture ), a joint venture formed between us and Lightstone
Value Plus REIT I, Inc. Lightstone I ), a related party REIT also sponsored by the Lightstone Group, LLC. We and Lightstone
I have 97.5 and 2.5 membership interests in the Hotel Joint Venture, respectively. The membership interest of Lightstone REIT I is accounted
for as noncontrolling interests. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our independent
public accounting firm is EisnerAmper LLP, Iselin, New Jersey, Auditor ID . 

Audit and Non-Audit Fees 

The following table presents the aggregate fees billed to us
for the years presented by our principal accounting firm: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (a) 
 331,000 
 297,000 
 
 Tax Fees (b) 
 175,000 
 167,000 

Total Fees 
 506,000 
 464,000 

Notes: 

(a) Fees for audit services consisted
of the audit of Lightstone REIT II s annual financial statements and interim reviews, including services normally provided in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings and including registration statements and consents. 

(b) Fees for a tax services. 

In considering the nature of the services provided
by the independent auditor, the audit committee determined that such services are compatible with the provision of independent audit services.
The audit committee discussed these services with the independent auditor and Lightstone REIT II management to determine that they are
permitted under the rules and regulations concerning auditor independence promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission to implement
the related requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

38 

AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 

To the Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc.: 

We have reviewed and discussed with management
Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. s audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We have discussed with the independent auditors
the matters required to be discussed by Auditing Standard No. 16, Communication with Audit Committees, as amended,
as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

We have received and reviewed the written disclosures
and the letter from the independent auditors required by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3526, Communication with Audit
Committees Concerning Independence and have discussed with the auditors the auditors independence. 

Based on the reviews and discussions referred
to above, we recommend to the board of directors that the financial statements referred to above be included in Lightstone Value Plus
REIT II, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Audit Committee 

 George R. Whittemore 
Yehuda Judah L. Angster 

39 

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS REPORT 

To the Stockholders of Lightstone Value Plus
REIT II, Inc.: 

We have reviewed the Company s policies
and determined that they are in the best interest of the Company s stockholders. Set forth below is a discussion of the basis for
that determination. 

General 

The Company has and expects to continue to primarily
invest in full-service or limited-service hotels, including extended-stay hotels. Even though the Company has and expects to continue
primarily to invest in hotels, it has and may continue to invest in other types of real estate. 

Assets other than hotels may include, without
limitation, office buildings, shopping centers, business and industrial parks, manufacturing facilities, single-tenant properties, multifamily
properties, student housing properties, warehouses and distribution facilities and medical office properties. The Company has and expects
to continue to invest mainly in direct real estate investments and other equity interests; however, it may also invest in debt interests,
which may include bridge or mezzanine loans, including in furtherance of a loan-to-own strategy. The Company has not established any limits
on the percentage of its portfolio that may be comprised of various categories of assets which present differing levels of risk. 

The Company expects that its portfolio will provide
consistent current income and may also provide capital appreciation resulting from its expectation that in certain circumstances it has
or will be able to acquire properties at a discount to replacement cost or otherwise at less than what we perceive as the market value
or to reposition or redevelop a property so as to increase its value over the amount of capital we deployed to acquire and rehabilitate
the property. The Company has and may continue to acquire properties that it believes would benefit from a change in management strategy,
or that have incurred substantial deferred maintenance. The Company has and plans to continue to diversify its portfolio by geographic
region, investment size and investment risk with the goal of owning a portfolio of hotels and other income-producing real estate properties
and real estate-related assets that provide attractive returns for its investors. 

Financing Policies 

The Company has and expects to continue to utilize
leverage for its properties. The number of different properties the Company will acquire may be affected by numerous factors, including,
the amount of funds available to it. When interest rates on mortgage loans are high or financing is otherwise unavailable on terms that
are satisfactory to the Company, the Company may purchase certain properties for cash with the intention of obtaining a mortgage loan
for a portion of the purchase price at a later time. There is no limitation on the amount the Company may invest in any single property
or on the amount the Company can borrow for the purchase of any property. 

The Company has and expects to continue to limit
its aggregate long-term permanent borrowings to 75 of the aggregate fair market value of all properties unless any excess borrowing is
approved by a majority of the independent directors and is disclosed to the Company s stockholders. The Company may also incur short-term
indebtedness, having a maturity of two years or less. By operating on a leveraged basis, the Company may have more funds available for
investment in properties. This may allow the Company to make more investments than would otherwise be possible, resulting in a more diversified
portfolio. Although the Company s liability for the repayment of indebtedness is expected to be limited to the value of the property
securing the liability and the rents or profits derived therefrom, the Company s use of leveraging increases the risk of default
on the mortgage payments and a resulting foreclosure of a particular property. To the extent that the Company does not obtain mortgage
loans on the Company s properties, the Company s ability to acquire additional properties will be restricted. The Company
will endeavor to obtain financing on the most favorable terms available. 

Policy on Sale or Disposition of Properties 

The Company s Board will determine whether
a particular property should be sold or otherwise disposed of after considering the relevant factors, including performance or projected
performance of the property and market conditions, with a view toward achieving its principal investment objectives. 

The Company currently intends to hold its properties
until its investment objectives are met or it is likely they will not be met. At a future date, the Company s Board may decide to
liquidate the Company, list its shares on a national stock exchange, sell its properties individually or merge or otherwise consolidate
the Company with a publicly-traded REIT. . Alternatively, the Company may merge with, or otherwise be acquired by, the Sponsor or its
affiliates. The Company may, however, sell properties prior to such time and if so, may invest the proceeds from any sale, financing,
refinancing or other disposition of its properties into additional properties. Alternatively, the Company may use these proceeds to fund
maintenance or repair of existing properties or to increase reserves for such purposes. The Company may choose to reinvest the proceeds
from the sale, financing and refinancing of its properties to increase its real estate assets and its net income. Notwithstanding this
policy, the Board, in its discretion, may distribute all or part of the proceeds from the sale, financing, refinancing or other disposition
of all or any of the Company s properties to the Company s stockholders. In determining whether to distribute these proceeds
to stockholders, the Board will consider, among other factors, the desirability of properties available for purchase, real estate market
conditions, the likelihood of the listing of the Company s shares on a national securities exchange and compliance with the applicable
requirements under federal income tax laws. 

40 

When the Company sells a property, it intends
to obtain an all-cash sale price. However, the Company may take a purchase money obligation secured by a mortgage on the property as partial
payment, and there are no limitations or restrictions on the Company s ability to take such purchase money obligations. The terms
of payment to the Company will be affected by customs in the area in which the property being sold is located and the then prevailing
economic conditions. If the Company receives notes and other property instead of cash from sales, these proceeds, other than any interest
payable on these proceeds, will not be available for distributions until and to the extent the notes or other property are actually paid,
sold, refinanced or otherwise disposed. Therefore, the distribution of the proceeds of a sale to the stockholders may be delayed until
that time. In these cases, the Company will receive payments in cash and other property in the year of sale in an amount less than the
selling price and subsequent payments will be spread over a number of years. 

Independent Directors 

 George R. Whittemore 
Yehuda Judah L. Angster 

41 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES: 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT II, INC. 

 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

The following exhibits are included, or incorporated by reference,
as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION 
 
 1.1 (6) 
 
 Form of Dealer Manager Agreement by and between Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. and Orchard Securities, LLC. 
 
 1.2 (5) 
 
 Form of Soliciting Dealer Agreement by and between Orchard Securities, LLC and the Soliciting Dealers. 
 
 3.1 (8) 
 
 Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement. 
 
 3.2 (2) 
 
 Bylaws of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. 
 
 4.1 (2) 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LP. 
 
 4.2 (7) 
 
 Description of shares 
 
 4.3 (1) 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Agreement dated as of January 30, 2009, by and among Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LP, Lightstone SLP II LLC, and David Lichtenstein. 
 
 4.4 (4) 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement dated August 2, 2012, by and among Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LP, Lightstone SLP II LLC, and David Lichtenstein. 
 
 5.1 (5) 
 
 Opinion of Venable LLP. 
 
 8.1 (5) 
 
 Opinion of Proskauer Rose LLP as to tax matters 
 
 10.1 (3) 
 
 Form of Advisory Agreement by and between Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. and Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LLC. 
 
 10.2 (3) 
 
 Form of Management Agreement, by and among Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc., Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LP and Paragon Retail Property Management LLC, formerly known as Prime Retail Property Management, LLC. 
 
 10.3 (3) 
 
 Form of Management Agreement, by and among Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc., Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LP and Beacon Property Management, LLC. 
 
 10.4 (2) 
 
 Form of Employee and Director Incentive Restricted Share Plan. 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101 
 
 XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language).The following financial information from Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2023, formatted in XBRL includes: (1) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (2) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (3) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (4) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (5) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (6) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement. 

As filed herewith 

(1) Previously filed as an exhibit
to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 30,
2009. 

(2) Previously filed as an exhibit
to Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 17,
2008. 

(3) Previously filed as an exhibit
to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22,
2008. 

(4) Previously filed as an exhibit
to Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10,
2012. 

(5) Previously filed as an exhibit
to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September
4, 2012. 

(6) Previously filed as an exhibit
to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 2012 . 

(7) Previously filed as an exhibit
to the Annual Report on Form 10-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2021. 

(8) Previously filed as an exhibit
to the Current Report on Form 8-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 23, 2023. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT II, INC. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David Lichtenstein 

David Lichtenstein 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

NAME 
 
 CAPACITY 
 
 DATE 

/s/ David Lichtenstein 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 David Lichtenstein 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Seth Molod 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 March 29 2023 
 
 Seth Molod 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ George R. Whittemore 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 George R. Whittemore 

/s/ Yehuda Judah L. Angster 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Yehuda Judah L. Angster 

43 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 lightstonereit2_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Registrant 

Property Name 
 State Organization 
 
 Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, LP 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP East Rutherford Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP East Rutherford Loan Acquisition LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP FFI East Rutherford Holding Corp 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP Tucson LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP Tucson Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP Tucson Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP FPS Airport LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP FPS Airport Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP FPS Airport Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP AP Airport LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP AP Airport Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP AP Airport Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP PHL Land LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP PHL Land Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP CY Willoughby Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP CY Willoughby LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP CY Willoughby Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP FFI Des Moines Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP FFI Des Moines LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP FFI Des Moines Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP SHS Des Moines Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP SHS Des Moines LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP SHS Des Moines Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP WVTC Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP WVTC Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP WVTC LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP HMI Ft. Lauderdale Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP HMI Ft. Lauderdale LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP HMI Ft. Lauderdale Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP HMI Miami Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP HMI Miami LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP HMI Miami Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP RI Needham Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP RI Needham LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP RI Needham Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP HP New Orleans Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP HP New Orleans LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP HP New Orleans Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 
 LVP LIC Hotel JV LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 lightstonereit2_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certifications 

I,
David Lichtenstein, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
David Lichtenstein 

David
Lichtenstein 

 Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 lightstonereit2_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Certifications 

I,
Seth Molod, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
Seth Molod 

 Seth
Molod 

 Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 lightstonereit2_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
David Lichtenstein, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1)
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
David Lichtenstein 

 David
Lichtenstein 

 Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 lightstonereit2_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Seth Molod, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1)
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
Seth Molod 

 Seth
Molod 

 Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lvpb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lvpb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lvpb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lvpb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

