<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1110607_0001683168-23-001986.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4779415</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>157220</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1458494</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1065851</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>880515</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1108825</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-001986.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330193604
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-001986
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Koil Energy Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001110607
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		IRS NUMBER:				752263732
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30351
		FILM NUMBER:		23782368

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18511 BEAUMONT HIGHWAY
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77049
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 517-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18511 BEAUMONT HIGHWAY
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77049

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Deep Down, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061220

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MediQuip Holdings, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060501

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRUE HEALTH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000329

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-001986.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 koil_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington D.C., 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State of other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Office) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation received by any of
the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value
of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last
sold, was .20. 

At March 30, 2023, the registrant had 
outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 6 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 6 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 6 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 6 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 7 

Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 7 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 7 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 15 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 15 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 16 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 16 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 17 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 17 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 18 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 19 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 23 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 23 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 25 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 25 

Signatures 
 26 

i 

Forward-Looking Information 

Unless otherwise indicated, the terms Koil
Energy Solutions, Inc. , Koil Energy , Company , we , our and us 
are used in this report to refer to Koil Energy Solutions, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries. 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report ),
we may make certain forward-looking statements Statements ), including statements regarding our plans, strategies, objectives,
expectations, intentions, and resources that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. We do not undertake to update, revise, or correct any of the Statements. The Statements should also be read in conjunction
with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 

The Statements contained in this Report that are
not historical fact are forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995),
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. The Statements contained herein are based on current expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These Statements
can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes , expects , may ,
 will , should , intend , plan , could , is likely , or anticipates ,
or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties.
We caution the readers that these Statements are only predictions. No assurances can be given that the future results indicated, whether
expressed or implied, will be achieved. While sometimes presented with numerical specificity, these projections and other Statements are
based upon a variety of assumptions relating to the business of the Company, which, although considered reasonable by us, may not be realized.
Because of the number and range of assumptions underlying our projections and Statements, many of which are subject to significant uncertainties
and contingencies that are beyond our reasonable control, some of the assumptions inevitably will not materialize, and unanticipated events
and circumstances may occur subsequent to the date of this Report. These Statements are based on current expectations, and we assume no
obligation to update this information. Therefore, our actual experience and the results achieved during the period covered by any projections
or Statements may differ substantially from those projected. Consequently, the inclusion of projections and other Statements should not
be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that these estimates and projections will be realized, and actual results may
vary materially. There can be no assurance that any of these expectations will be realized or that any of the Statements contained herein
will prove to be accurate. 

The risks and uncertainties mentioned previously
relate to, among other matters, the following: 

Economic uncertainty and financial market conditions may impact our customer base, suppliers, and backlog; 

The volatility of oil and natural gas prices; 

Our use of percentage-of-completion accounting could result in volatility in our results of operations; 

A portion of our contracts may contain terms with penalty provisions; 

Fluctuations in the price and supply of raw materials used to manufacture our products may reduce our profits and could materially impact our ability to meet commitments to our customers; 

Our operations could be adversely impacted by the continuing effects of government regulations; 

International and political events may adversely affect our operations; 

ii 

Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter; 

We may be unsuccessful at generating profitable internal growth; 

The departure of key personnel could disrupt our business; 

Our business requires skilled labor, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees; 

Unfavorable legal outcomes could have a negative impact on our business; and 

Impact of global health crises, including epidemics and pandemics. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 Business. 

General 

Koil Energy Solutions, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Company , Koil Energy , we , our and us ), is an energy services
company that provides equipment and support services to the world s energy and offshore industries. Primary operations are conducted
under Koil Energy Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation Koil Energy Delaware ), which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company. 

Koil Energy s website address is www.koilenergy.com .
The Company makes available, free of charge on its website, its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports
on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with,
or furnishes them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Paper or electronic copies of these documents may
be obtained upon request by contacting the Company. The SEC maintains an internet website that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including the Company, at www.sec.gov . 

Business Overview 

Koil Energy is an energy services company that
provides equipment and support services to the world s energy and offshore industries. The Company provides innovative solutions
to complex customer challenges presented between the production facility and the energy source. Koil Energy's core services and technological
solutions include distribution system installation support and engineering services, umbilical terminations, loose-tube steel flying leads,
and related services. Additionally, Koil Energy's experienced professionals can support subsea engineering, manufacturing, installation,
commissioning, and maintenance projects located anywhere in the world. The Company s broad line of solutions are engineered and
manufactured primarily for major integrated, large independent, and foreign national energy companies in offshore areas throughout the
world. These products are often developed in direct response to customer requests for solutions to critical needs in the field. The Company
primarily serves the offshore oil and gas market; however, the Company s product offerings and service capabilities are based on
core competencies that are energy source agnostic and can be applied to additional markets, including offshore wind, offshore wave energy,
hydrogen, and liquefied natural gas. 

Koil Energy s goal is to provide superior
services and products to its customers in a safe, cost-effective, and timely manner. The Company believes there is significant demand
for, and brand name recognition of, its established services and products due to the technical capabilities, reliability, cost-effectiveness,
timeliness of delivery and execution, and operational efficiency features of these solutions. 

In 2022, we changed our name from Deep Down, Inc.,
to Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. In connection with the name change, our ticker symbol was changed to KLNG . 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company s operations were organized as one reportable segment. 

Services 

Koil Energy supports all aspects of subsea field
development with its engineering and project management services, including the design, installation, and retrieval of subsea equipment
and systems, connection and termination operations, well-commissioning services, and construction support. The Company works closely with
all customers to provide the fastest, safest, and most cost-effective solutions to a variety of complex issues. The Company also serves
a range of customers, including operators, installation contractors, and subsea equipment manufacturers. 

1 

Project Management and Engineering . Koil
Energy s project managers and engineers have extensive experience and knowledge to support customers both on and offshore. Particularly,
the Company specializes in the design and engineering of steel tube flying leads, umbilicals, flexible and rigid risers, flowlines, and
jumpers. Koil Energy s comprehensive subsea engineering services oversee all project requirements from conception to final commissioning,
including offshore participation during installation to ensure proper execution and safe completion of projects. 

Spooling Services . Koil Energy s
engineering teams provide the planning, supervision, specialized equipment, and coordination with offshore installation personnel for
a customer s pull-in and spooling needs. The Company has the ability to manage every stage of the process from terminations, spooling
operations, installation, testing, monitoring, and pull-in for umbilicals and flying leads. 

Testing and Commissioning Services . The
Company can perform all aspects of testing related to connecting the umbilical termination assemblies, performing installations, and completing
the commissioning of the system thereafter. This includes initial factory acceptance testing, extended factory acceptance testing, and
system integration testing, and offshore installation and commissioning services. The Company also offers a variety of pumping systems
to meet industry needs and offers maximum flexibility to ensure a safe and efficient commissioning program. 

Storage Management . Koil Energy s
facility in Houston, Texas covers approximately 101,000 square feet of office and warehouse space, offering high quality warehousing and
workshop capacity, external storage, and a strategic location near customers and key suppliers. Among other capabilities, the Company
provides long-term specialized contract warehousing, long and short-term storage, material handling equipment, integrated inventory management,
packing, and labeling. 

The Company also leases a 6,500 square foot shore-based
facility located in Mobile, Alabama. The Mobile site can be used to store customer products and allows for full system integration testing
of equipment prior to deployment offshore. 

Equipment Refurbishment and Intervention Services.
 The Company provides refurbishment and repurposing of recovered subsea equipment and associated support services for offshore interventions.
As an emergency or intervention arises, the stored asset is engineered, reconfigured, and tested per customer specifications. Additionally,
Koil Energy has developed a suite of proprietary equipment and tools available to address the critical offshore needs of its customers
and minimize production disruptions due to unplanned events. A Koil Energy service technician is then deployed with the equipment to support
the offshore campaign. 

Products 

Koil Energy designs, manufactures, fabricates,
inspects, assembles, tests, and installs subsea distribution equipment used by major integrated, large independent, and foreign national
energy companies in offshore areas throughout the world. The Company s products are used during exploration, development, and production
operations on offshore drilling rigs, installation and intervention vessels, and as part of the permanently installed subsea production
infrastructure. 

Flying Leads . Koil Energy designs, manufactures,
and installs flying leads, particularly steel tube flying leads. Flying leads are umbilical jumpers with a termination plate at either
end that support the transmission of hydraulic fluid and/or chemicals between the subsea equipment. The Company s flagship product,
the Loose Steel Tube Flying Lead LSFL ), was developed to eliminate the residual memory left in traditional flying
leads due to the bundling process. The loose lay of the tubes is more compliant allowing the bundle to lay flat on the sea floor
and follow the prescribed lay path precisely. Koil Energy employs the patented Moray termination system on each end of the LSFL .
The Moray termination is a lightweight, high-strength, configurable, and field serviceable framework used to connect any commercially
available Multi-Quick Connect plate to the LSFL bundle. The Moray termination assembly offers several cost and time saving
benefits over traditional competitive solutions that allow the Company to lower the total installed cost of customer projects. 

2 

Umbilical Hardware . Koil Energy designs
and fabricates lightweight and compact umbilical hardware that covers the entire scope of a project s needs from the topside platform
to the subsea connection. The Company s compliant Umbilical Termination Assembly UTA allows the installation team
to terminate an umbilical with a higher degree of quality, place the critical components of the base unit on the reel or on the carousel,
and handle it with additional ease and safety. The UTA can then be combined with the mud mat assembly easily and offers both first-end
stab and hinge-over features as well as yoke second end landing. 

Koil Energy s termination services offer
the ability to refurbish existing topside umbilical terminations from multiple manufacturers and provide a completely new connection,
thus extending the life of the umbilical and the subsea field. Bend Stiffener Latchers are designed to secure a dynamic umbilical
to an existing or standard flange offering significant cost savings without the need for modification to the rig interface or the use
of divers. The quick-release and locking mechanism allows a single remotely operated vehicle to engage or disengage the locking mechanism
resulting in significant savings to the customer. 

Riser Isolation Valves and Subsea Isolation
Valve Services. Koil Energy's Riser Isolation Valve and Subsea Isolation Valve control systems are unique solutions that provide platform
personnel hydraulic control and electrical indication for subsea production valves. These systems provide numerous advantages to the customer
including emergency shutdown capabilities, valve positioning monitoring systems, and auxiliary positions for spare and/or future field
development. 

In addition to the fabrication of these systems,
Koil Energy provides subsea installation engineering, consulting, and service personnel to support customers, installation contractors,
valve vendors, and more. The Koil Energy team provides commissioning and technical assistance to customers and platform personnel and
seeks to ensure that the systems are working properly. 

Installation Aids. The Company has developed
an extensive array of installation aids, including flying lead installation systems, tensioners, lay chutes, buoyancy modules, clump weights,
mud mats, pumping and testing skids, control booths, fluid drum carriers, under-rollers, 200 ton, 400 ton, 3,400 ton, and 3,500 ton carousels,
running and parking deployment frames, termination shelters, pipe straighteners, Subsea Deployment Basket system, Horizontal Drive
Units, and Rapid Deployment Cartridges. 

Manufacturing 

Koil Energy s primary operations are currently
located at a 101,000 square foot facility in Houston, Texas, where the Company has operated since October 2022. This facility allows us
to reduce our carbon footprint, streamline our manufacturing and fabrication capabilities, and attract high caliber talent as the Company
continues to position for future growth. We have also significantly expanded our clean, stainless steel welding and tube bending environment,
which is separated from all carbon steel fabrication. 

Our manufacturing facility is ISO 9001 certified.
We continue to improve our standards and product quality through the use of quality assurance specialists working with our product manufacturing
personnel throughout the manufacturing process. We have the capacity to complete large turn-key projects and still have reserve space
for unforeseen emergency projects requiring immediate service and the attention to which our customers are accustomed. 

Customers 

Demand for our deepwater and ultra-deepwater services,
equipment and offshore rig equipment is dependent on the condition of the energy industry and its ability and need to make capital expenditures,
as well as continual maintenance and improvements on its offshore exploration, drilling, and production operations. The level of these
expenditures is generally dependent upon various factors such as expected commodity prices, exploration and production costs, and the
level of offshore drilling and production activity. The prevailing view of future commodity prices is influenced by numerous factors affecting
supply and demand. These factors include, but are not limited to, worldwide economic activity, interest rates, cost of capital, environmental
regulation, tax policies, and production levels and prices set and maintained by producing nations and the Organization of the Petroleum
Exporting Countries. Capital expenditures are also dependent on the cost of exploring for and producing oil and gas, the sale and expiration
dates of domestic and international offshore leases, the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves in offshore areas and technological
advances. Oil and gas prices and the level of offshore drilling and production activity have historically been characterized by significant
volatility. 

3 

Our principal customers are major integrated,
large independent, and foreign national energy companies as well as subsea equipment manufacturers and subsea equipment installation contractors
involved in the offshore exploration, development, and production of natural and renewable resources. Offshore drilling contractors, engineering
and construction companies, and other companies involved in maritime operations represent a smaller customer base. 

Koil Energy is not dependent on any one customer
or group of customers. The amount and variety of our products and services required in a given period by a customer can depend upon the
customer s capital expenditure budget as well as the results of competitive bids. Consequently, a customer may account for a material
portion of revenues in one period and may represent an immaterial portion of revenues in a subsequent period. While we are not dependent
on any one customer or group of customers, the loss of one or more of our significant customers could, at least on a short-term basis,
have an adverse effect on the results of our operations and cash flows. 

Marketing and Sales 

We market our services and products worldwide
through our Houston-based sales force. We periodically advertise in trade and technical publications targeting our customer base. We also
participate in industry conferences and trade shows to enhance industry awareness of our products and services. Our customers generally
order products and services after consulting with us on their project. Orders are typically completed within two weeks to three months
depending on the type of product or service. Larger and more complex products may require significantly more time to complete. Our customers
generally select our products and services based on the quality, reliability and reputation of the product or service, price, timely delivery,
and advanced technology. For large production system orders, we engage our project management team to coordinate customer needs with our
engineering, manufacturing, and service departments, as well as with our trusted subcontractors and vendors. Our profitability on projects
is dependent on performing accurate and cost-effective bids as well as performing efficiently in accordance with bid specifications. Various
factors can adversely affect our performance on individual projects that could potentially adversely affect the profitability of a project. 

Product Development and Engineering 

The technological demands of the energy industry
continue to increase as offshore exploration and drilling operations expand into deeper and more hostile environments. Conditions encountered
in these environments could soon include well pressures of up to 20,000 psi, mixed flows of oil and gas under high pressure that may also
be highly corrosive, and water depths exceeding 10,000 feet. We are continually engaged in product development activities to generate
new products and to improve existing products and services to meet our customers specific needs. We also focus our activities on
reducing the overall cost to the customer, which includes not only the initial capital costs, but also ongoing operating costs associated
with our products. 

We have an established track record of introducing
new products and product enhancements. Our product development work is conducted at our facility in Houston, Texas, and in the field.
Our application engineering staff also provides engineering services to customers in connection with the design and sales of our products.
Our ability to develop new products and maintain technological advantages is important to our future growth and success. 

We believe that the success of our business depends
more on the technical competence, performance, creativity, and marketing abilities of our employees than on any individual patent, trademark,
or copyright. Nevertheless, as part of our ongoing product development and manufacturing activities, our policy is to seek patents when
appropriate on inventions concerning new products and product improvements. All patent rights for products developed by employees are
assigned to us. 

Competition 

The principal competitive factors in the offshore
drilling, development and production, and maritime equipment markets are quality, reliability, and reputation of the product, price, technology,
and timely delivery. We face significant competition from other manufacturers of exploration, production, and maritime equipment. Several
of our primary competitors are diversified multinational companies with substantially larger operating staffs and greater capital resources
and have a longer history in the manufacturing of these types of equipment. 

4 

Employees 

At March 30, 2023, we had a total of 49 employees,
all of whom are full-time. We also work with a pool of independent contractors who enable us to scale our operations at short notice,
as business needs demand. Our employees are not covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we generally consider our employee relations
to be good. Our operations depend in part on our ability to attract a skilled labor force. While we believe that our wage rates are competitive
and that our relationship with our skilled labor force is good, a significant increase in the wages paid by competing employers could
result in a reduction of our skilled labor force or increases in the wage rates that we pay, or both. 

Governmental Regulations 

A significant portion of our business activities
are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations and similar agencies of foreign governments. The technical requirements
of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly expensive, complex, and stringent. These regulations are administered by
various federal, state, and local health and safety and environmental agencies and authorities, including the Occupational Safety and
Health Administration of the U.S. Department of Labor and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. From time to time, we are also subject
to a wide range of reporting requirements, certifications and compliance as prescribed by various federal and state governmental agencies.
Expenditures relating to such regulations are made in the normal course of our business and are neither material nor place us at any competitive
disadvantage. We do not currently expect that compliance with such laws will require us to make material additional expenditures. 

We are also affected by tax policies and other
laws and regulations generally relating to the oil and gas industry, including those specifically directed to offshore operations. Adoption
of laws and regulations that curtail exploration and development drilling for oil and gas could adversely affect our operations by limiting
demand for our services or products. 

Increased concerns about the environment have
resulted in offshore drilling in certain areas being opposed by environmental groups, and certain areas have been restricted. To the extent
that new or additional environmental protection laws that prohibit or restrict offshore drilling are enacted and result in increased costs
to the oil and gas industry in general, our business could be materially affected. In addition, these laws may provide for strict
liability for damages to natural resources or threats to public health and safety, rendering a party liable for the environmental
damage without regard to negligence or fault on the part of such party. Sanctions for noncompliance may include revocation of permits,
corrective action orders, administrative or civil penalties and criminal prosecution. Certain environmental laws provide for joint and
several liabilities for remediation of spills and releases of hazardous substances. In addition, companies may be subject to claims alleging
personal injury or property damage as a result of alleged exposure to hazardous substances, as well as damage to natural resources. Such
laws and regulations may also expose us to liability for the conduct of or conditions caused by others, or for our acts that complied
with all applicable laws at the time such acts were performed. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations may require us to obtain
permits or other authorizations for certain activities and to comply with various standards or procedural requirements. 

We cannot determine to what extent our future
operations and earnings may be affected by new legislation, new regulations, or changes in existing regulations. We believe that our facilities
are in substantial compliance with current regulatory standards. Based on our experience to date, we do not currently anticipate any material
adverse effect on our business or consolidated financial position as a result of future compliance with existing environmental laws and
regulations controlling the discharge of materials into the environment. However, future events, such as changes in existing laws and
regulations or their interpretation, more vigorous enforcement policies of regulatory agencies, or stricter or different interpretations
of existing laws and regulations, may require additional expenditures which may be material. 

Intellectual Property 

While we are the holder of various patents, trademarks
and licenses relating to our business, we do not consider any individual intellectual property to be material to our business operations. 

5 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Not Applicable 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM 2. 
 Description of Property 

Our operating facility is located at 1310 Rankin
Road, Houston, Texas 77073 Rankin Rd. and includes approximately 101,000 square feet of indoor manufacturing and storage
space. The term of the lease is for ten years, which commenced on August 1, 2022 at a base rate of 78,000 per month with a 2 increase
each subsequent year. Koil Energy will primarily use the facility as its base of operations, which includes the fabrication of custom
engineered products as well as other subsea equipment for both oil and gas and renewable energy applications. 

Additionally, we have a ten year lease on our
former operating facility, located at 18511 Beaumont Highway, Houston, Texas 77049 Beaumont Hwy which commenced in June
2013 at a base rate of 90,000 per month, adjustable based on the CPI, for the remainder of the lease term. We also lease, on a month-to-month
basis, 6,500 square feet of storage space in Mobile, AL to house our 3,400 metric ton and 3,500 metric ton carousel systems for 11,000
per month. 

We believe that these facilities are suitable,
adequate and of sufficient capacity to support our current operations. 

ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, the Company is party to various
legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company expenses or accrues legal costs as incurred and is not involved
in any material legal proceeding as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE s 

None 

6 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market for Common Stock 

Our common stock is quoted on the QB Tier of the
OTC Markets Group (the OTCQB under the symbol KLNG. Quotations for our common stock on the OTCQB represent
quotations between dealers without adjustment for retail markup, mark down or commissions, and may not represent actual transactions. 

Stockholders of Record 

As of March 30, 2023, there were approximately
1,700 holders of record of our common stock. All common stock held in street names are recorded in the Company s stock register
as being held by one stockholder. 

Dividend Policy 

To date, we have not paid any cash dividends and
our present policy is to retain earnings for working capital for the growth of our operations. 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated
financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve significant
risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking
statements. 

All dollar and share amounts in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are in thousands of dollars and shares, unless otherwise indicated. 

General 

Koil Energy is an energy services company that
provides equipment and support services to the world s energy and offshore industries. The Company provides innovative solutions
to complex customer challenges presented between the production facility and the energy source. Koil Energy's core services and technological
solutions include distribution system installation support and engineering services, umbilical terminations, loose-tube steel flying leads,
and related services. Additionally, Koil Energy's experienced professionals can support subsea engineering, manufacturing, installation,
commissioning, and maintenance projects located anywhere in the world. The Company s broad line of solutions are engineered and
manufactured primarily for major integrated, large independent, and foreign national energy companies in offshore areas throughout the
world. These products are often developed in direct response to customer requests for solutions to critical needs in the field. The Company
primarily serves the offshore oil and gas market; however, the Company s product offerings and service capabilities are based on
core competencies that are energy source agnostic and can be applied to additional markets, including offshore wind, offshore wave energy,
hydrogen, and liquefied natural gas. 

7 

Industry and Executive Outlook 

The energy services industry is dependent on the
capital and operating expenditure programs of energy companies. The decision for operators to cut back or accelerate their exploration,
drilling, and production operations is substantially driven by the overall condition of the energy industry. Particularly, the oil and
gas industry has historically been characterized by fluctuations in commodity prices, which are driven by a variety of market forces. 

Our 2022 results reflect the ongoing challenges
that face the offshore industry. Our revenues were impacted by global demand and delays in customer drilling schedules. Inflation, certain
geopolitical events, and the lingering effects of the pandemic, all of which weighed on our customers abilities to commit to long-term
deepwater projects. Despite the broader economic dynamics, we believe that the energy markets will remain productive moving forward. We
have recently seen an increase in bidding activity and execution of contract awards this year as operators execute their offshore agendas,
especially in the current favorable oil price environment. We suspect that the combination of OPEC+ s current proactive stance to
reduce production, underperforming US shale production, and limited non-OPEC+ production capacity will encourage increased investment
to bring balance to the markets, especially in the offshore arena. Our participation in this potential supply-led upcycle is essential
for our business to achieve a sustained level of growth. 

To further enhance our growth prospects, we made
two significant announcements during 2022: a relocation of the business and a rebranding of the Company. 

The transition to our newly leased premises was
completed in October, and we are encouraged about the additional enhancements this facility provides serving as our base of operations.
Additionally, in connection with our move to the new facility, we received our first purchase order to provide hydrogen energy services
in the second quarter of 2022. The scope of this project initially focuses on storage, management and enhancement of customer furnished
materials utilizing our alloy welding and other fabrication capabilities. Following validation of these early-stage activities, future
phases could lead to systems integration activities potentially including the commissioning of systems being developed for the retail
consumer market. 

Rebranding the Company from Deep Down, Inc. to
Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. was the next step in promoting our core competencies to strengthen our position in existing markets as well
as expanding our product and service offerings into new markets. We moved forward with this change operationally in the first quarter
of 2022, and we are currently working with our customers under the new brand. Additionally, we received approval from the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority (FINRA) for our name and ticker symbol change in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

As we look towards the future, our growth efforts
will revolve around three pillars: (i) Systems, (ii) Technology and (iii) Partnerships. These three pillars will be energy source agnostic. 

Systems primarily relates to our legacy offerings
in the oil and gas segment but represents the shift in our approach to becoming a provider of integrated systems instead of providing
only individual components. We have previously realized success with this strategy and have identified several opportunities to pursue
on a systematic basis. 

Technology entails the development of new equipment
and associated services that apply to both traditional oil and gas as well as renewable energy sources. Our product development team is
already hard at work and, in just a short amount of time, has already identified a potentially patentable offering. This pillar will also
include our ongoing efforts to further enhance the environmental friendliness of our equipment. In addition, at the turn of the new year,
we announced the award of a multi-million dollar project to provide 70+ Multi Quick Connect plates to be used for the Shenandoah development
in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. Certain aspects of this project have not been performed before, including qualifying the equipment for 20,000
psi applications, which further solidifies our reputation as an equipment and service provider of choice for unique offshore installation
projects. We envision that the successful execution of this project will provide further opportunities in the future. 

8 

Partnerships involve the collaboration with like-minded
organizations where we will seek to leverage our core competencies to jointly capitalize on future opportunities. This will likely be
a longer-term strategy and could develop in a variety of ways, such as project specific consortia, strategic alliances, or operational
joint ventures. 

We will continue to provide additional details
in due course as we work with our team to accomplish our vision of having the most experienced, professional and dependable team, who
seek to develop the most innovative solutions, including the most efficient and reliable equipment, with the ultimate goal of providing
best-in-class returns for our stockholders. 

Results of Operations 

Revenues 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Increase (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 12,977 
 17,233 
 (4,256 
 (25) 

The 25 percent
decrease in revenues was primarily the result of an overall decline in project activity characterized by a shift in customer demand from
product oriented, fixed price contracts to short duration projects utilizing our support services and rental solutions. 

Cost of sales and Gross profit 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Increase (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 

Cost of sales 
 8,292 
 11,396 
 (3,104 
 (27) 
 
 Gross profit 
 4,685 
 5,837 
 (1,152 
 (20) 
 
 Gross profit 
 36 
 34 
 
 2 

The decrease in gross profit was due to incurring
lower revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales was primarily due to incurring
less materials costs and decreases in lower margin passthrough service costs encountered on certain projects for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

The Company records depreciation expense related
to revenue-generating property, plant and equipment as cost of sales, which totaled 496 and 663 for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. The year-over-year decrease in depreciation was primarily due to certain long-lived assets becoming fully depreciated
throughout the year and the sale or disposal of long-lived assets that were non-strategic to the core operations of the business. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Increase (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 

Selling, general administrative 
 6,687 
 5,892 
 795 
 13 
 
 Selling, general administrative as a of revenue 
 52 
 34 
 
 18 

9 

The increase in selling, general and administrative
expenses SG A for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to incurring costs related the relocation of the
Company to a new facility and rebranding the Company from Deep Down, Inc. to Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. The Company also incurred higher
administrative payroll costs and charges to stock based compensation during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Asset impairment 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded impairment charges of 820 for the impairment of its right-of-use operating lease asset ROU asset related to
the lease for the Beaumont Hwy facility. The impairment was the result of relocating from the Beaumont Hwy facility to the Company s
new Rankin Rd. facility in October 2022. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, no charges
were recorded for the impairment of long-lived assets. 

Interest expense (income), net 

Net interest expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 15 compared to net interest expense of 12 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 3 is due to an increase
of interest expense on insurance premium financing for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Other income, net 

The Company recorded net other income of 55 during
the year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily related to insurance policyholder dividends. 

The Company recorded net other income of 2,869
during the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily related to the forgiveness of its two PPP loans and employee retention credits. 

Gain/loss on sale of assets 

The Company recorded gains of 40 and losses of
 76 related to equipment sold by the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Modified EBITDA 

Koil Energy management evaluates Company performance
based on a non-US GAAP measure which consists of earnings (net income or loss) available to common stockholders before net interest income,
income taxes, depreciation and amortization, non-cash share-based compensation expense, non-cash impairments, non-cash gains or losses
on the sale of property, plant and equipment PP E ), other non-cash items and one-time charges Modified EBITDA ).
This measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. The measure should not be considered in isolation
or as a substitute for operating income or loss, net income or loss, cash flows provided by operating, investing, or financing activities,
or other cash flow data prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The amounts included in the Modified EBITDA calculation, however, are derived
from amounts included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

10 

We believe Modified EBITDA is a useful measure
of a company s operating performance, which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and
book value of assets, financing methods, capital structure and the method by which assets were acquired. It helps investors more meaningfully
evaluate and compare the results of our operations from period to period by removing the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest),
asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization), and actions that do not affect liquidity (share-based compensation expense) from
our operating results. Additionally, it helps investors identify items that are within our operational control. Depreciation and amortization
charges, while a component of operating income, are fixed at the time of the asset purchase or acquisition in accordance with the depreciable
lives of the related asset and as such are not a directly controllable period operating charge. 

The following is a reconciliation of net income
(loss) to Modified EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (2,928 
 2,326 

Add: Interest expense, net 
 15 
 12 
 
 Add: Income tax expense 
 
 112 
 
 Add: Depreciation and amortization 
 682 
 951 
 
 Add: Share-based compensation 
 90 
 48 
 
 Add: ROU asset impairment 
 820 

Add: Relocation costs 
 504 

(Deduct) Add: (Gain) loss on sale of asset 
 (40 
 76 
 
 Deduct: Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 
 (2,222 
 
 Deduct: Employee retention credit 
 
 (650 
 
 Deduct: Reversal of litigation accrual 
 (100 

Modified EBITDA 
 (957 
 653 

The 1,610 decline in Modified EBITDA was mainly
driven by the decrease in revenues and increase in SG A during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December
31, 2021. Modified EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 was also impacted by recording a 9 net reversal to the reserve for doubtful
accounts receivable for the collection of previously reserved amounts during the year ended December 31, 2021. This is compared to recording
a 442 reserve for doubtful accounts receivable during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As an offshore energy services provider, our revenues,
profitability, cash flows, and future rate of growth are generally dependent on the condition of the global oil and gas industry and our
customers ability to invest capital for offshore exploration, drilling and production, and maintenance of offshore drilling and
production facilities. Oil and gas prices and the level of offshore drilling and production activity have historically been characterized
by significant volatility. At times, we enter into large, fixed-price contracts which may require significant lead time and investment.
A decline in offshore drilling and production activity could result in lower contract volume or delays in significant contracts, which
could negatively impact our earnings and cash flows. Our earnings and cash flows could also be negatively affected by delays in payments
by significant customers or delays in the completion of our contracts for any reason. We are generally dependent on our cash flows from
operations to fund our working capital requirements, and the uncertainties noted above create risks that we may not achieve our planned
earnings or cash flow from operations, which may require us to raise additional debt or equity capital. There can be no assurance that
we could raise additional debt or equity capital. 

11 

The principal liquidity needs of the Company are
to fund ongoing operations, working capital, and capital expenditures. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported
a decrease of 1,323 in cash. The Company generated 1,189 of net cash from operating activities, primarily driven by a decrease in accounts
receivable and other components of working capital. The Company used 2,262 in net cash for investing activities, primarily for leasehold
improvements at the Company s new Rankin Rd. facility. The Company also used 303 in net cash from financing activities, for the
repurchase of common stock and principal payments made under its finance lease obligations. 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company reported a decrease of 69 in cash. The Company used 1,067 of net cash from operating activities, primarily driven by an
increase in accounts receivable and other components of working capital. The Company also used 113 in net cash for investing activities,
primarily for purchases of PP E. The Company generated 1,111 of net cash from financing activities, from PPP loan proceeds. 

The Company remains constructive on increasing
tender volume and views this as an opportunity to capitalize on its product, service, and rental offerings to address the subsea distribution
and cable management needs of its customers. The reasons for this expected increase are set forth in the Industry and Executive
Outlook section above. As such, the Company believes it will have adequate liquidity to meet its future operating requirements
through a combination of cash on hand, cash expected to be generated from operations, and potential sales of PP E. Given the inherent
volatility in oil prices and global economic activity, the Company cannot predict this with certainty. To mitigate this uncertainty and
preserve liquidity, the Company will limit capital investments to concentrate on key growth needs and pursue opportunistic cost containment
initiatives, which can include workforce alignment, restricting overhead spending and limiting research and development efforts to only
critical items. 

Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in accordance
with US GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that may affect assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our
estimates, including those related to revenue recognition and related allowances, contract assets and liabilities, impairments of long-lived
assets, including intangibles, income taxes including the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, contingencies and litigation, and
share-based payments. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Property, plant and equipment 

PP E is stated at cost, net of accumulated
depreciation, amortization, and related impairments. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of the respective assets. Replacements and betterments are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs are expensed
as incurred. It is our policy to include amortization expense on assets acquired under finance leases with depreciation expense on owned
assets. Additionally, we record depreciation and amortization expense related to revenue-generating assets as a component of cost of sales
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

If circumstances associated with our PP E
have changed or a significant event has occurred that may affect the recoverability of the carrying amount of our PP E, an impairment
indicator exists, and we test the PP E for impairment. Before testing for impairment, we group PP E with other finite-lived long-lived
assets long-lived assets at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of cash flows from
other assets or groups of assets. Testing long-lived assets for impairment is a two-step process: 

Step 1 - We test the long-lived asset
group for recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group with the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows from use
and the eventual disposal of the asset group. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset group is determined to be greater than the
sum of the undiscounted future cash flows from use and disposal, we would need to perform step 2. 

12 

Step 2 - If the long-lived group of
assets fails the recoverability test in step 1, we would record an impairment expense for the difference between the carrying amount and
the fair value of the long-lived asset group. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, the Company conducted assessments of whether impairment indicators were present that indicate the carrying amount of its long-lived
asset group might not be recoverable and determined that no such events or changes in circumstances were present. 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenues are recognized when control of the promised
goods or services is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange
for those goods or services. To determine the proper revenue recognition method for our customer contracts, we evaluate whether two or
more contracts should be combined and accounted for as one single contract and whether the combined or single contract should be accounted
for as more than one performance obligation. This evaluation requires significant judgment and the decision to combine a group of contracts
or separate the combined or single contract into multiple performance obligations could change the amount of revenue and profit recorded
in a given period. 

For most of our fixed price contracts, the customer
contracts with us to provide a significant service of integrating a complex set of tasks and components into a single project or capability
even if that single project results in the delivery of multiple units. Hence, the entire contract is accounted for as one performance
obligation. We account for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified,
payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. 

Fixed price contracts 

For fixed price contracts, we generally recognize
revenue over time as we perform because of continuous transfer of control to the customer. This continuous transfer of control to the
customer is supported by clauses in the contract that allow the customer to unilaterally terminate the contract for convenience, pay us
for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit and take control of any work in process. In our fixed price contracts, the customer either
controls the work in process or we deliver products with no alternative use to the Company and have rights to payment for work performed
to date plus a reasonable profit as evidenced by contractual termination clauses. 

Because of control transferring over time, revenue
is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. The selection of the method to measure
progress towards completion requires judgment and is based on the nature of the products or services to be provided. We generally use
the cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as
we incur costs on our contracts. Under the cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based
on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenues, including estimated
fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. 

Contracts are often modified to account for changes
in contract specifications and requirements. We consider contract modifications to exist when the modification either creates new, or
changes the existing, enforceable rights and obligations. Most of our contract modifications are for goods or services that are not distinct
from the existing contract due to the significant integration service provided in the context of the contract and are accounted for as
if they were part of that existing contract. The effect of a contract modification on the transaction price, and our measure of progress
for the performance obligation to which it relates, is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction
of revenue) on a cumulative catch-up basis. 

13 

We have a company-wide standard and disciplined
quarterly estimate at completion process in which management reviews the progress and execution of our performance obligations. As part
of this process, management reviews information including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards
completion and the related program schedule, identified risks and opportunities and the related changes in estimates of revenues and costs.
Changes in estimates of net sales, cost of sales and the related impact to operating income are recognized quarterly on a cumulative catch-up
basis, which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a performance
obligation s percentage of completion. A significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of
one or more of our performance obligations. When estimates of total costs to be incurred exceed total estimates of revenue to be earned
on a performance obligation related to fixed price contracts, a provision for the entire loss on the performance obligation is recognized
in the period the loss is estimated. 

Service Contracts 

We recognize revenue for service contracts measuring
progress toward satisfying the performance obligation in a manner that best depicts the transfer of goods or services to the customer.
The control over services is transferred over time when the services are rendered to the customer on a daily basis. Specifically, we recognize
revenue as the services are provided as we have the right to invoice the customer for the services performed. Services are billed and
paid for on a monthly basis. Payment terms for services are usually 30 days from invoice receipt but can increase to 45 or 60 days depending
on the customer. 

Contract balances 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings
on uncompleted contracts arise when revenues are recorded based on the extent of progress towards completion but cannot be invoiced under
the terms of the contract. Such amounts are invoiced upon completion of contractual milestones. Billings in excess of costs and estimated
earnings on uncompleted contracts arise when milestone billings are permissible under the contract, but the related costs have not yet
been incurred. All contract costs are recognized currently on jobs formally approved by the customer and contracts are not shown as complete
until virtually all anticipated costs have been incurred and the risk of loss has passed to the customer. 

Assets related to costs and estimated earnings
in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts, as well as liabilities related to billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on
uncompleted contracts, have been classified as current. The contract cycle for certain long-term contracts may extend beyond one year,
thus complete collection of amounts related to these contracts may extend beyond one year, though such long-term contracts include contractual
milestone billings as discussed above. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no contracts with terms that extended
beyond one year. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

The Company provides an allowance on trade receivables
based on a specific review of each customer s accounts receivable balance with respect to its ability to make payments. When specific
accounts are determined to require an allowance, they are expensed by a provision for bad debts in that period. At December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company estimated the allowance for doubtful accounts requirement to be 0 and 525, respectively. Bad debt expense
(recovery) totaled (9) and 442 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Income Taxes 

We follow the asset and liability method of accounting
for income taxes. This method considers the differences between financial statement treatment and tax treatment of certain transactions.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect of a change in tax rates is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date. 

14 

We record a valuation allowance to reduce the
carrying value of our deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will expire before
realization of the benefit or that future deductibility is not probable. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets depends upon
our ability to generate sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character in the future. This requires management to use estimates
and make assumptions regarding significant future events such as the taxability of entities operating in the various taxing jurisdictions.
In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all reasonably available positive and negative evidence, including
our past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years and our forecast of future taxable income. In
estimating future taxable income, we develop assumptions, including the amount of future state, and federal pre-tax operating income,
the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require
significant judgment. When the likelihood of the realization of existing deferred tax assets changes, adjustments to the valuation allowance
are charged in the period in which the determination is made, either to income or goodwill, depending upon when that portion of the valuation
allowance was originally created. 

We record an estimated tax liability or tax benefit
for income and other taxes based on what we determine will likely be paid in the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate. We use
our best judgment in the determination of these amounts. However, the liabilities ultimately realized and paid are dependent upon various
matters, including resolution of tax audits, and may differ from amounts recorded. An adjustment to the estimated liability would be recorded
as a provision or benefit to income tax expense in the period in which it becomes probable that the amount of the actual liability or
benefit differs from the recorded amount. 

Our future effective tax rates could be adversely
affected by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities or changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof. If and
when our deferred tax assets are no longer fully reserved, we will begin to provide for taxes at the full statutory rate. In addition,
we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess
the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements are included
in Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates , of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in this Report. 

Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not Applicable 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 

The financial statements are included herewith commencing on page F-1. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

15 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures .
 The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that such information required to be disclosed by
the Company in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that
such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive and the principal financial officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system
of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls and procedures.
Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance that control objectives are attained.
The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide such reasonable assurance. 

The Company s principal executive and principal
financial officer, with assistance from other members of management, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, as required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon
that evaluation, the principal executive and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, described
below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting. The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Although the internal control over financial reporting
was not audited, the Company s management, including the principal executive and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on revisions and updates issued in 2013 by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) to its report entitled Internal Control-Integrated Framework. 
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

We identified a material weakness in internal
control related to the controls designed to assess the subsequent measurement of our ROU assets based on a newly adopted accounting principle.
We believe that these control deficiencies were a result of inadequate risk assessment processes designed to identify and assess indicators
for impairment of our ROU assets in accordance with ASC Topic 842. The material weaknesses resulted in an identified misstatement to the
financial statements related to the impairment of an ROU asset. There were no changes to previously released financial results. Based
on this material weakness, the Company s management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Following identification of the material weakness
and prior to filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we completed substantive procedures for the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on
these procedures, management believes that our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Our principal executive and principal financial officer has certified that, based on his knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this Form 10-K, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this Form 10-K. Moss Adams LLP has issued an unqualified
opinion on our financial statements, which is included in this Form 10-K. 

16 

Remediation. Management implemented measures
designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such that these controls are designed,
implemented, and operate effectively. The remediation actions include: (i) enhancing the Company s quarterly analysis of impairment
indicators for its remaining long-lived assets by including an assessment of impairment indicators for its remaining ROU assets; (ii)
improving documentation of underlying internal controls to promote knowledge transfer upon personnel and function changes; and (iii) enhanced
quarterly reporting on the remediation measures to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 

We believe that these actions will remediate the
material weakness. The weakness will not be considered remediated, however, until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period
of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect that the remediation of
this material weakness will be completed prior to the end of fiscal 2023. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting. Except for the material weakness identified during the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company s management, with
the participation of the principal executive and principal financial officer, have concluded that there were no changes in internal control
over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 

Not Applicable 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable. 

17 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our
directors and executive officer as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position Held with Koil Energy 
 
 Charles K. Njuguna 
 
 45 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 
 
 Mark Carden 
 
 64 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 David J. Douglas 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Neal I. Goldman 
 
 78 
 
 Director 

Biographical information regarding each of our
current directors and executive officer is as follows. The following paragraphs also include specific information about each director s
experience, qualifications, attributes, or skills that led the Board of Directors to the conclusion that the individual should serve on
the Board as of the time of this filing, in light of our business and structure: 

Charles K. Njuguna, President, Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director . Mr. Njuguna has served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer since September
2019. Since September 2017, Mr. Njuguna has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Njuguna joined the Company in early
2012 to manage the Company s corporate accounting activities, was later appointed to manage all of the Company s commercial
activities, and was subsequently promoted to Business Manager, with oversight for a wide range of financial, operational, and administrative
functions. Additionally, Mr. Njuguna has over 20 years of international business experience, including various operational and financial
management roles in Africa, the UK, and the US. Mr. Njuguna holds an MBA from the University of Texas at Austin. 

Mr. Njuguna is qualified to serve as a director
based on his in-depth knowledge of the Company s operations and his international business experience. 

Mark Carden, Chairman of the Board of Directors .
Mr. Carden has served as Chairman of the Board since September 30, 2017. Mr. Carden joined the Board as an independent director effective
May 1, 2014 and was appointed Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Carden was a Partner at Coopers Lybrand,
LLP, now PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP and held multiple senior-level financial positions specializing in electric and gas utilities from
1981 to 1999; he most recently served as Chief Operating Officer, Global Energy Assurance Practice. Additionally, Mr. Carden was one of
three CPAs in the US selected to serve a two-year fellowship at the Financial Accounting Standards Board from 1991 to 1993. Mr. Carden
holds a BBA from Texas A M University. He is currently the Executive Pastor and Elder at Clear Creek Community Church, in League City,
Texas. Mr. Carden is also a member of the Compensation Committee. 

Mr. Carden is qualified for service on the Board
based on his experience and expertise in management, notably his knowledge of the energy market and business strategy, and is a financial
expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

David J. Douglas, Director . 

 Mr. Douglas joined the Board as an independent
director effective April 16, 2019. Mr. Douglas is the Principal of Jamaka Capital Management, LLC, the Company s largest institutional
investor. Mr. Douglas has over 30 years of investment experience as a principal, including 25 years in the family office industry. Mr.
Douglas is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania s Wharton School earning a BS in Economics, Magna Cum Laude. Mr. Douglas
is a member of the Audit Committee and Chairman of the Compensation Committee. 

Mr. Douglas is qualified to serve as a director
based on his significant finance and investment experience. 

18 

Neal I. Goldman, Director. 

 Mr. Goldman joined the Board as an independent
director effective April 16, 2019. Mr. Goldman is the President and Founder of Goldman Capital Management, Inc., a family office since
2018, which was previously an investment advisory firm founded in 1985. Mr. Goldman is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA). Mr. Goldman
received his B.A. degree in Economics from The City University of New York (City College). Mr. Goldman is a member of the Audit and Compensation
Committees. 

Mr. Goldman is qualified to serve as a director
based on his significant finance and investment background. 

Corporate Governance 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted Codes of Ethical Conduct
that apply to all its directors, officers (including its chief executive officer, chief operating officer, controller and any person performing
such functions) and employees. These Codes of Ethical Conduct are filed as Exhibits 14.1 and 14.2 to this Report. Copies of the Company s
Codes of Ethical Conduct may also be obtained at the Investors section of the Company s website, www.koilenergy.com , or by
written request addressed to the Corporate Secretary, Koil Energy Solutions, Inc., 1310 Rankin Rd., Houston, TX 77073. The Company intends
to satisfy the requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding disclosure of amendments to, or waivers from, provisions of its code
of ethics that apply to the Chief Executive Officer, Vice President of Finance or Controller by posting such information on the Company s
website. Information contained on the website is not part of this Report. 

The Company s Board of Directors is responsible
for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results, and effectiveness
of the annual audit of the Company's financial statements and other services provided by the Company s independent public accountants.
The Board of Directors reviews the Company's internal accounting controls, practices, and policies. Our Board of Directors has determined
that Mr. Carden qualifies as an independent audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
our officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities, to file reports
of securities ownership and changes in such ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent shareholders also
are required by rules promulgated by the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based solely on the Company s review of
the copies of such forms received by it, the Company believes that all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to its officers
and directors and greater-than ten percent beneficial owners during the year ended December 31, 2022 were satisfied. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth information concerning
total compensation earned in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by our Principal Executive Officer (our Named Officer ). 

19 

Summary Compensation Tables for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Stock Awards 
 All Other Compensation (1) (2) 
 Total 
 
 Charles K. Njuguna, 
 2022 
 325,000 
 
 69,395 
 394,395 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 323,125 
 
 62,275 
 385,400 

(1) 
 Amounts in 2022 represent: 

Automobile allowances of 19,500 to Mr. Njuguna; 

Reimbursement of 24,895 to Mr. Njuguna for healthcare premiums; and 

Payments for vacation not taken in 2021 of 25,000 for Mr. Njuguna. 

(2) 
 Amounts in 2021 represent: 

Automobile allowances of 19,500 to Mr. Njuguna; 

Reimbursement of 24,025 to Mr. Njuguna for healthcare premiums; and 

Payments for vacation not taken in 2020 of 18,750 for Mr. Njuguna. 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

On September 18, 2019, the Company amended the
existing employment agreement with Mr. Njuguna for a term of three years, effective September 1, 2019, and subject to automatic annual
renewals, unless at least 90 days prior to the applicable renewal date, the Company shall give notice that the employment agreement shall
not be extended. On September 1, 2022, Mr. Njuguna s employment agreement was automatically renewed for another year. The employment
agreement provides that Mr. Njuguna receives annual cash compensation of 325,000. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

The following table summarizes information with
respect to unexercised options for our Named Officer as of December 31, 2022. 

OPTION AWARDS 

Number of securities underlying unexercised options 

Name 
 
 (#) exercisable 

(#) unexercisable 

Option exercise price ) 

Option expiration date 
 
 Charles K Njuguna 

150,000 

0.65 

9/24/2024 

Benefits payable upon change in control 

Mr. Njuguna s employment agreement contains
provisions related to a change in control. 

20 

In the event of termination of Mr. Njuguna s
employment for any reason, he will be entitled to receive all accrued, unpaid salary and vacation time through the date of termination
and all benefits to which he is entitled or vested under the terms of all employee benefit and compensation plans, agreements, and arrangements
in which he is a participant as of the date of termination. In addition, subject to executing a general release in favor of us, Mr. Njuguna
will be entitled to receive certain severance payments in the event his employment is terminated by the Company other than for
cause or by him with good reason. These severance payments include the following: 

(i) a lump
sum in cash equal to one times his annual base salary (at the rate in effect on the date of termination), provided, however, that if such
termination occurs prior to the date that is twelve months following a change of control, then such payment will be equal to two times
the Executive s annual base salary (at the rate in effect on the date of termination); 

(ii) a lump
sum in cash equal to the average annual bonus paid to him for the prior two full fiscal years preceding the date of termination; provided,
however, that if such termination occurs prior to the date that is twelve months following a change of control, then such payment will
be equal to two times the average annual bonus paid to him for the prior two full fiscal years preceding the date of termination; 

(iii) a lump
sum in cash equal to a pro rata portion of the annual bonus payable for the period in which the date of termination occurs based on the
actual performance under our annual incentive bonus arrangement; provided, however, that such pro rata portion shall be calculated based
on his annual bonus for the previous fiscal year; but if no previous annual bonus has been paid to him, then the lump sum cash payment
for this current pro rata annual bonus obligation shall be no less than fifty percent of his annual base salary; and 

(iv) if his
termination occurs prior to the date that is twelve months following a change of control, then each and every share option, restricted
share award and other equity-based award that is outstanding and held by the Executive shall immediately vest and become exercisable. 

Mr. Njuguna has agreed to not, during the term
of his employment and for a one-year period after his termination, engage in Competition (as defined in his employment agreement)
with us, solicit business from any of our customers or potential customers, solicit the employment or services of any person employed
by or a consultant to us on the date of termination or within six months prior thereto, or otherwise knowingly interfere with our business
or accounts or any of our subsidiaries. 

Mr. Njuguna s employment agreement also
provides that we, to the extent permitted by applicable law and our by-laws, will defend, indemnify and hold harmless him from any and
all claims, demands or causes of action, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, suffered or incurred by him as a result
of the assertion or filing of any claim, demand, litigation or other proceedings based upon statements, acts or omissions made by or on
behalf of him pursuant to his employment agreement or in the course and scope of his employment with us. We will also maintain and pay
all applicable premiums for directors and officers liability insurance which shall provide full coverage for the defense
and indemnification of Mr. Njuguna, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 

Compensation of Directors 

The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
makes all decisions regarding director compensation. Only directors who are not employees, independent contractors, or consultants of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates Independent Directors ), are entitled to receive a fee, plus reimbursement
of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred to attend Board meetings. 

The Company uses equity-based compensation, in
the form of restricted stock or stock options, to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on the Board. We believe our compensation
arrangement for Independent Directors is comparable to the standards of peer companies within our industry and geographical location. 

21 

The following table provides certain information
with respect to the 2022 compensation awarded or earned by our Independent Directors who served in such a capacity during the year. 

Name 
 Option Awards ) (1)(2) 
 Total 
 
 Mark Carden 
 18,407 
 18,407 
 
 David J. Douglas 
 18,407 
 18,407 
 
 Neal I. Goldman 
 18,407 
 18,407 

(1) 
 On August 11, 2021, the Company s independent directors each received stock options to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of 0.72 per share. Fair value of these stock options was 0.47 per share at the date of grant. Twenty-five percent of the shares vested on each of August 31, 2021, November 30, 2021, February 28, 2022 and May 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 On October 20, 2022, the Company s independent directors each received stock options to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of 0.63 per share. Fair value of these stock options was 0.39 per share at the date of grant. Twenty-five percent of the shares vested on each of October 31, 2022, November 30, 2022, February 28, 2023, and the remainder are scheduled to vest on May 31, 2023. In addition to the foregoing, all shares shall vest immediately prior to a change in control. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Set forth below is certain information with respect
to beneficial ownership of Common Stock as of March 29, 2023, except as otherwise noted below, by (i) each person known by us to beneficially
own more than 5 percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock; (ii) each Director as of such date; (iii) our Named Officers 
(as determined under Item 402(m) of Regulation S-K); and (iv) all directors and executive officers of Koil Energy as a group. To our knowledge,
all persons listed in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to their shares, except to the extent that authority
is shared with their respective spouse under applicable law. 

Name 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 Number of Shares That May Be Acquired By Options Exercisable Within 60 Days 
 Total 
 Percent of Outstanding Common Stock (1) 

Ronald E. Smith 
 2,449,383 
 (2) 
 
 2,449,383 
 20.6 
 
 MAZ Capital Advisors, LLC 
 827,496 
 (3) 
 
 827,496 
 7.0 
 
 Aegis Financial Corporation 
 798,710 
 (4) 
 
 798,710 
 6.7 

Directors and Executive Officers: 

David J. Douglas 
 1,484,091 
 (5) 
 200,000 
 1,684,091 
 14.2 
 
 Neal I. Goldman 
 500,000 
 (6) 
 200,000 
 700,000 
 5.9 
 
 Charles K. Njuguna 
 267,350 
 
 150,000 
 417,350 
 3.5 
 
 Mark Carden 
 60,980 
 (7) 
 200,000 
 260,980 
 2.2 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (4 persons) 
 2,312,421 
 
 750,000 
 3,062,421 
 25.8 

__________________ 

(1) 
 The percentages in the table are calculated using the total shares outstanding as of March 30, 2023 or a total of 11,888,202 shares. 
 
 (2) 
 Based on a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC dated November 26, 2019, by Ronald E. Smith, 806 Vista Del Lago Dr., Huffman, TX 77336. This amount includes 710,562 shares held indirectly through an IRA, 930,651 shares directly held by Mr. Smith s spouse, and 23,071 shares held indirectly by Mr. Smith s spouse through an IRA. This amount excludes 500,663 shares repurchased by the Company in 2022. 

22 

(3) 
 Based on a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC dated February 21, 2023, by MAZ Partners, LP, 8774 Lakes Boulevard, West Palm Beach, Florida 33412. 
 
 (4) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC dated February 10, 2023, by Aegis Financial Corporation, 6862 Elm Street, Suite 830, McLean, Virginia 22101. 
 
 (5) 
 Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC dated September 2, 2022, by Jamaka Capital Management LLC, 3889 Maple Avenue, Dallas, TX 75219. 
 
 (6) 
 Based on a Form 3 filed with the SEC dated April 16, 2019, by Neal I. Goldman, Goldman Capital Management Inc., 767 Third Ave, New York, NY 10017. 
 
 (7) 
 Includes 980 shares held indirectly in retirement and trading accounts owned by Mr. Carden and his wife. 

ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

Our Board of Directors and management recognize
that related person transactions present a heightened risk of conflicts of interest, and therefore we review all relationships and transactions
in which we and our directors, director nominees and executive officers or their immediate family members, as well as holders of more
than 5 percent of any class of our voting securities and their family members, have a direct or indirect material interest. As required
under SEC rules, transactions that are determined to be directly or indirectly material to us or a related person are disclosed in the
appropriate annual and/or quarterly statements filed with the SEC. 

Director Independence 

We believe that Messrs. Carden, Douglas, and Goldman
are independent under the requirements of Rule 303A.02 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. 

ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The Company s independent registered public
accounting firm is Moss Adams LLP Moss Adams issuing office is Houston, TX; PCAOB ID: . The following table sets forth
the aggregate fees billed by Moss Adams for audit services rendered in connection with the Company s consolidated financial statements
and reports for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for other services rendered during those years on behalf of Koil Energy
and its subsidiaries: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 198,750 
 195,550 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 
 72,293 
 36,319 
 
 All Other Fees 

Audit Fees : Consists of fees billed for
professional services rendered for the audit of Koil Energy s consolidated financial statements, the review of interim condensed
consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports, services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and
regulatory filings or engagements and attest services, except those not required by statute or regulation. 

Audit-Related Fees : Consists of fees billed
for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit and review of Koil Energy s consolidated
financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

Tax Fees : Consists of tax compliance, tax
preparation and other tax services. Tax compliance and tax preparation consists of fees billed for professional services related to assistance
with tax returns. Other tax services consist of fees billed for other miscellaneous tax consulting. 

23 

All Other Fees : None. 

Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit
Services of Independent Auditors 

The Board of Directors pre-approves all audit
and permissible non-audit services provided by Moss Adams. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services
and other services. The Board of Directors may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis and may delegate pre-approval
authority to one or more directors. If so delegated, the director must report any pre-approval decision to the Board of Directors at its
first meeting after the pre-approval was obtained. 

24 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference
from the section entitled Exhibit Index of this Report. 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

25 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

KOIL ENERGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ Charles K. Njuguna 
 Charles K. Njuguna 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Trevor Ashurst 
 Trevor Ashurst 
 Vice President of Finance 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 30, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE
PRESENTS that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Charles K. Njuguna and Mark Carden and each of them,
his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and
all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and
all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact
and agents or any of them, or his or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the date indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Charles K. Njuguna 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Charles K. Njuguna 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Mark Carden 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Mark Carden 

/s/ David J. Douglas 
 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 David J. Douglas 

/s/ Neal I. Goldman 
 
 Director 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Neal I. Goldman 

26 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization among MediQuip Holdings, Inc., Deep Down, Inc., and the majority shareholders of Deep Down, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to our Form 10-KSB/A filed on May 1, 2008). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Deep Down, Inc., conformed to include the amendment of the Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on September 29, 2008 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit A to our Schedule 14C filed on August 15, 2008). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Merger of Deep Down, Inc. and Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. and Agreement and Plan of Merger between Deep Down, Inc. and Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on February 22, 2022 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Deep Down, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit B to our Schedule 14C filed on August 15, 2008). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Building and Land Lease Agreement between W P Development Corporation, as Landlord, and Deep Down, Inc., as Tenant, dated effective June 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2013). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement, amended dated effective as of September 18, 2019 between Deep Down, Inc. and Charles K. Njuguna (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2019). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Commercial Lease Agreement between Wellbore Integrity Solutions, LLC,
 as Landlord, and Deep Down, Inc., as Tenant, dated effective May 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to our Form
 10-K filed on March 29, 2022). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Directors Code of Business Conduct (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 14.1 to our Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2010). 
 
 14.2 
 
 Financial Officer s Code of Business Conduct (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 14.2 to our Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2010). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiary list (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 21.1 to our Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020). 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Vice President of Finance 
 
 32.1# 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32.2# 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Vice President of Finance 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 
 
 _________________________ 

 Filed herewith. 

 # Furnished herewith. 

 Exhibit constitutes a management contract or compensatory
plan or arrangement. 

27 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of
Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of
its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter
arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2)
involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any
way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter
below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 1 

Revenue Recognition - Determination of Estimated Costs
to Complete for Fixed Price Contracts 

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements, total revenue of approximately 4,941,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 is generated from fixed price contracts.
For the Company s fixed price contracts, because of control transferring over time, revenue is recognized based on the extent
of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion
requires judgment and is based on the nature of the products or services to be provided. The Company uses the cost-to-cost measure
of progress for its contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as the Company incurs
costs on the contracts. Under the cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on
the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenues, including
estimated fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Management s estimation of total cost at
completion is subject to many variables and requires significant judgment. There are many factors which impact management s
estimate, including, but not limited to, the ability to properly execute the engineering, design and fabrication phases consistent
with customers expectations, the availability and costs of labor and materials resources, productivity, weather, and level of
success in the installation phase. 

Each of these factors can affect the accuracy of cost estimates,
and ultimately, future profitability. 

The principal considerations in our determination that
revenue recognition, specifically determination of estimated costs to complete for fixed price contracts, is a critical audit matter are
the complexity of these estimates and exercise of significant judgment by management when developing these estimates for fixed price contracts.
This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence
related to the estimates of costs to complete. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical
audit matter included: 

Obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of internal controls over the
contract management cycle, including those related to the accumulation of the estimated costs to complete a contract, 
 
 Performed journal entry testing procedures to address the presumed fraud risk over revenue, 
 
 Obtained executed purchase orders, agreements, and subsequent costs incurred to
evaluate the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management in developing their estimates of costs to complete for a sample
of fixed price contracts, 
 
 Discussed progress of contracts completion with management and tested their
assertions by performing corroborative inquiries of appropriate project manager, 
 
 Confirmed contract terms, billings, and estimated completion dates with customers, 
 
 Tested accuracy and occurrence of the actual cost incurred to date, and 
 
 Performed a look-back analysis on completed contracts during the year to assess
variances between actual and prior year estimated costs to complete. 

/s/ 

March 30, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

F- 2 

KOIL ENERGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Employee retention tax credit receivable 

Inventory 

Contract assets 

Right-of-use finance lease assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Intangibles, net 

Right-of-use operating lease assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Current finance lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, long-term 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, shares authorized at par value, issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021, at cost 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

KOIL ENERGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Revenues 

Cost of sales: 

Cost of sales 

Depreciation expense 

Total cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Right-of-use operating lease asset impairment 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other (income) expense: 

Interest expense, net 

Other income, net 

(Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 

Total other (income) expense 

Income (loss) before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

Fully diluted 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Fully diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

KOIL ENERGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated 

(In thousands) 
 Shares (#) 
 Amount ) 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Share-based compensation 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Treasury shares purchased 

Share-based compensation 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

KOIL ENERGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Share-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

(Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 

Bad debt expense (recovery) 

Non-cash lease expense (benefit) 

Loss on right-of-use operating lease asset impairment 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Employee retention tax credit receivable 

Contract assets 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

Payments received on note receivable 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from PPP loan 

Repurchase of common shares 

Principal payments under finance lease obligations 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Change in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Shares of common stock received in exchange for property, plant and equipment 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

KOIL ENERGY SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

All dollar and share amounts in the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements are in thousands of dollars and shares, unless otherwise indicated, except per share amounts. 

and
working capital was as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, cash on hand and working capital were and ,
respectively. The Company does not have a credit facility in place and depends on cash on hand, cash flows from operations, and the potential
opportunistic sales of property, plant and equipment PP E to satisfy its liquidity needs. 

The Company believes it will have adequate liquidity
to meet its future operating requirements through a combination of cash on hand, cash expected to be generated from operations, potential
sales of PP E, disciplined capital investments, and securing a credit facility. Given the inherent volatility in oil prices and global
economic activity, the Company cannot predict this with certainty. To mitigate this uncertainty and preserve liquidity, the Company will
exercise discipline when making capital investments and pursue opportunistic cost containment initiatives, which can include workforce
alignment, limiting overhead spending, and limiting research and development efforts to only critical items. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates 

and ,
respectively. Bad debt expense (recovery) totaled ) and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

percent, percent, percent, percent, and percent of total revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our five largest
customers accounted for percent, percent, percent, percent, and percent of total revenues. The loss of one or more of these
customers could have a material impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 

As of December 31, 2022, three of our customers
accounted for percent, percent, and percent of total accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2021, three of our customers accounted
for percent, percent, and percent of total accounts receivable. 

Koil Energy leases land, buildings, and certain
equipment under non-cancellable operating leases. The Company leases office, indoor manufacturing, warehouse, and operating space in Houston,
Texas and leases storage space in Mobile, Alabama to house its 3,400 metric ton and 3,500 metric ton carousel systems. 

ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized
at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term and include options to extend or terminate the
lease when they are reasonably certain to be exercised. The present value of lease payments is determined primarily using the incremental
borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date. Lease agreements with lease and non-lease components
are generally accounted for as a single lease component. The Company s operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term and a portion is recorded in cost of sales, and the remainder is recorded in selling, general and administrative
expenses. The accounting for some leases may require significant judgment, which includes determining whether a contract contains a lease,
determining the incremental borrowing rate to utilize in our net present value calculation of lease payments for lease agreements which
do not provide an implicit rate, and assessing the likelihood of renewal or termination options and impairment. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded impairment charges of for the impairment of its ROU operating lease asset related to the remaining lease of its former operating
facility. The impairment was the result of abandoning the former operating facility to move to the Company s new operating facility
in October 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
does not have any subleases. 

The following tables present information about
our operating leases: 

Liabilities: 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

The components of our operating lease expense were as follows: 

Operating lease expense included in SG A 

Short term operating lease expense 

Total lease expense 

Weighted-average discount rates on operating leases 

The following tables present information about
our finance lease: 

Liabilities: 

Current finance lease liabilities 

Non-current finance lease liabilities 

Total finance lease liabilities 

The components of our finance lease expense were as follows: 

Finance lease expense included in SG A 

Total finance lease expense 

Weighted-average discount rates on finance leases 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any
sale/leaseback transactions. 

Present value of lease liabilities: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

For most of our fixed price contracts, the customer
contracts with us to provide a significant service of integrating a complex set of tasks and components into a single project or capability
even if that single project results in the delivery of multiple units. Hence, the entire contract is accounted for as one performance
obligation. We account for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified,
payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. 

Disaggregation of Revenue 

The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by fixed price
and service contracts. Sales taxes are excluded from revenues. 

Service Contracts 

Total 

Fixed price contracts 

For fixed price contracts, we generally recognize
revenue over time as we perform because of continuous transfer of control to the customer. This continuous transfer of control to the
customer is supported by clauses in the contract that allow the customer to unilaterally terminate the contract for convenience, pay us
for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit and take control of any work in process. In our fixed price contracts, the customer either
controls the work in process or we deliver products with no alternative use to the Company and have rights to payment for work performed
to date plus a reasonable profit as evidenced by contractual termination clauses. 

Because of control transferring over time, revenue
is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. The selection of the method to measure
progress towards completion requires judgment and is based on the nature of the products or services to be provided. We generally use
the cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as
we incur costs on our contracts. Under the cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based
on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenues, including estimated
fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. 

Contracts are often modified to account for changes
in contract specifications and requirements. We consider contract modifications to exist when the modification either creates new, or
changes the existing, enforceable rights and obligations. Most of our contract modifications are for goods or services that are not distinct
from the existing contract due to the significant integration service provided in the context of the contract and are accounted for as
if they were part of that existing contract. The effect of a contract modification on the transaction price, and our measure of progress
for the performance obligation to which it relates, is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction
of revenue) on a cumulative catch-up basis. 

We have a company-wide standard and disciplined
quarterly estimate at completion process in which management reviews the progress and execution of our performance obligations. As part
of this process, management reviews information including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards
completion and the related program schedule, identified risks and opportunities and the related changes in estimates of revenues and costs.
Changes in estimates of net sales, cost of sales and the related impact to operating income are recognized quarterly on a cumulative catch-up
basis, which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a performance
obligation s percentage of completion. A significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of
one or more of our performance obligations. When estimates of total costs to be incurred exceed total estimates of revenue to be earned
on a performance obligation related to fixed price contracts, a provision for the entire loss on the performance obligation is recognized
in the period the loss is estimated. 

Service Contracts 

We recognize revenue for service contracts measuring
progress toward satisfying the performance obligation in a manner that best depicts the transfer of goods or services to the customer.
The control over services is transferred over time when the services are rendered to the customer on a daily basis. Specifically, we recognize
revenue as the services are provided as we have the right to invoice the customer for the services performed. Services are billed and
paid for on a monthly basis. Payment terms for services are usually 30 days from invoice receipt but have increased to 45 or 60 days depending
on the customer. 

Contract balances 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings
on uncompleted contracts arise when revenues are recorded based on the extent of progress towards completion but cannot be invoiced under
the terms of the contract. Such amounts are invoiced upon completion of contractual milestones. Billings in excess of costs and estimated
earnings on uncompleted contracts arise when milestone billings are permissible under the contract, but the related costs have not yet
been incurred. All contract costs are recognized currently on jobs formally approved by the customer and contracts are not shown as complete
until virtually all anticipated costs have been incurred and the risk of loss has passed to the customer. 

Assets related to costs and estimated earnings
in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts, as well as liabilities related to billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on
uncompleted contracts, have been classified as current. The contract cycle for certain long-term contracts may extend beyond one year;
thus, complete collection of amounts related to these contracts may extend beyond one year though such long-term contracts include contractual
milestone billings as discussed above. For the years ending 2022 and 2021, there were no contracts with terms that extended beyond one
year. 

The following table summarizes our contract assets,
which are Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts and our contract liabilities, which
are Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts . 

Estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts 

Gross costs and estimated earnings 

Less: Billings to date on uncompleted contracts 

Costs incurred plus estimated earning less billings on uncompleted contracts, net 

Included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets under the following captions: 

Contract assets 

Contract liabilities 

Costs incurred plus estimated earning less billings on uncompleted contracts 

The contract asset and liability balances at December
31, 2022 and 2021 consisted primarily of revenue related to fixed-price projects. 

Remaining Performance Obligations 

Remaining performance obligations represent the
transaction price of firm orders for which work has not been performed and excludes unexercised contract options, potential orders, and
any remaining performance obligations for any sales arrangements that had not fully satisfied the criteria to be considered a contract
with a customer pursuant to the requirements of ASC 606. 

Practical Expedients and Exemptions 

We generally expense sales commissions when incurred
because the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling, general and administrative
expenses. 

Many of our services contracts are short-term
in nature with a contract term of one year or less. For those contracts, we have utilized the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14
exempting the Company from disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if the performance obligation
is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. 

Additionally, our payment terms are short-term
in nature with settlements of one year or less. We have, therefore, utilized the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-32-18 exempting the
Company from adjusting the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component given that the period
between when the entity transfers a promised good or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be
one year or less. 

Further, in many of our service contracts, we
have a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of our performance
completed to date (for example, a service contract in which we bill a fixed amount for each hour of service provided). For those contracts,
we have utilized the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-55-18, which allows us to recognize revenue in the amount for which we have the
right to invoice. 

Accordingly, we do not disclose the value of unsatisfied
performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which we recognize
revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed. 

Leasehold improvements 

Equipment 

Furniture, computers and office equipment 

Construction in progress 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense included in cost of sales
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Depreciation expense excluded from cost of sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations was and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Construction in progress represents assets that
are not ready for service or are in the construction stage. Assets are depreciated once they are placed into service. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Earnings (loss) per common share outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

At December 31, 2022, there were outstanding options
that were vested and exercisable into shares of common stock; however, they have been excluded from the calculation of EPS because
their exercise would be anti-dilutive. At December 31, 2021, there were outstanding options that were vested and exercisable into 
shares of common stock; however, 225 been excluded from the calculation of EPS because their exercise would be anti-dilutive. 

Granted 

Vested 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we recognized a total of and , respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to stock options, which is included in
selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The unamortized estimated fair
value of nonvested stock options was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These costs are expected to be recognized
as expense over a weighted-average period of years. 

shares
of common stock were purchased in privately negotiated transactions for an aggregate amount of . shares of common stock were purchased
during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company had 4,018 and 3,517 shares of common stock held in treasury as of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, respectively. Treasury shares are accounted for using the cost method. 

Deferred 

Total 

State: 

Current 

Deferred 

Total 

Total income tax expense 

Income tax expense (benefit) differs from the
amount computed by applying the U.S. statutory income tax rate to loss before income taxes for the reasons set forth below. 

State tax (benefit) expense, net of federal benefit 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 ) 
 
 Research and development credits 

Other permanent differences 
 ) 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 
 ) 
 
 Foreign withholding taxes 

Other, net 
 
 ) 
 
 Total effective rate 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used
for income tax purposes, as well as operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. The tax effects of the temporary differences and carry
forwards are as follows: 

R D and other credit carryforwards 

Share-based compensation 

Intangible amortization 

Allowance for bad debt 

Right-of-use operating asset 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation on property and equipment 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax position 

We have of federal and of state
net operating loss NOL carry forwards and in research and development and other credits available to offset future
taxable income. These federal and state NOLs will expire at various dates through 2034, except for federal NOLs generated in 2018 and
subsequent years. Management analyzed its current operating results and future projections and determined that a full valuation allowance
was needed due to our cumulative losses in recent years. We have uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we do not
have any accruals for penalties or interest related to our tax returns. Should an examination or audit arise, we would evaluate the need
for an accrual and record one, if necessary. Our federal tax returns from the tax years ended December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2021
are open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. 

In addition, subject to executing a general release
in favor of the Company, the CEO will be entitled to receive certain severance payments in the event his employment is terminated by the
Company other than for cause or by the CEO with good reason. These severance payments include: (i) a lump
sum in cash equal to one to two times the CEO s annual base salary; (ii) a lump sum in cash equal to one to two times the average
annual bonus paid to the CEO for the prior two full fiscal years preceding the date of termination; (iii) a lump sum in cash equal to
a pro rata portion of the annual bonus payable for the period in which the date of termination occurs based on the actual performance
under the Company s annual incentive bonus arrangement, but no less than fifty percent of the CEO s annual base salary; and
(iv) if the CEO s termination occurs prior to the date that is twelve months following a change of control, then each and every
share option, restricted share award and other equity-based award that is outstanding and held by the CEO shall immediately vest and become
exercisable. 

Litigation 

From time to time, the Company is party to various
legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company expenses or accrues legal costs as incurred and is not involved
in any material legal proceedings as of the date of these financial statements. 

In November 2011, the Company delivered equipment
to Aker Solutions, Inc. Aker ), but Aker declined to pay the final invoice in the aggregate amount of 270 alleging some
warranty items needed to be repaired. The Company made repairs, but Aker continued to claim further work was required. The Company repeatedly
attempted to collect on the receivable and ultimately filed suit on November 16, 2012, in the Harris County District Court. Aker subsequently
filed a counter claim on March 20, 2013 in the aggregate amount of 1,000 for reimbursement of insurance payments allegedly made for repairs.
The parties convened for mediation on March 9, 2022, and on May 9, 2022, the Company and Aker finalized the terms of a definitive settlement
agreement with a mutual dismissal with prejudice of all claims by and between them. The Company subsequently reversed a liability accrual
of , and liability remained as of December 31, 2022. 

per month, from September 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019, and per month, from
January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2021, in exchange for his services. 

In addition to the other payments provided for
under the Transition Agreement, the Company also agreed to pay Mr. Smith 1.5 of the net sale or lease value of two carousels owned by
Company, if such sale or lease occurred prior to December 31, 2021, and subject to certain other conditions. Such carousels were not sold
prior to December 31, 2021, and in commissions associated with the lease of the two carousels were paid during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

As part of the Transition Agreement, Mr. Smith
is bound by certain non-disclosure and confidentiality provisions, and a non-compete and non-hire agreement. 

On January 5, 2022, the Company repurchased 
shares of common stock from Mr. Smith at a total cost of . On March 24, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common stock from
Mr. Smith in exchange for several long-lived assets valued at 76 that were non-strategic to the core operations of the business. On June
3, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common stock from Mr. Smith at a total cost of . The price per share used for each
transaction was market price, and the average price per share paid to Mr. Smith was 0.65. 

loan under the Small
Business Administration s SBA Paycheck Protection Program in April 2020 April 2020 PPP Loan ). The
April 2020 PPP Loan was used to finance covered payroll expenses during the second and third quarters of 2020. The Company applied for
forgiveness of the April 2020 PPP Loan in October 2020 and received forgiveness of from the SBA on June 29, 2021. The amount of
loan forgiveness, including accrued interest, is presented as a component of other income on the consolidated statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The Company obtained a second PPP loan
in March 2021 March 2021 PPP Loan ). The March 2021 PPP Loan was used to finance covered payroll expenses during the first
and second quarters of 2021. The Company applied for forgiveness of the March 2021 PPP Loan in August 2021 and received forgiveness of
 from the SBA on September 10, 2021. The amount of loan forgiveness, including accrued interest, is presented as a component of
other income on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

employee retention
credit as other income on its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the Company recorded a 
other receivable balance on its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The Company filed for refunds of the employee retention
credits and as of the date of these financial statements, has not received any refunds but expects to receive this balance in full when
paid. 

F- 21 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 koil_ex0302.htm
 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

Exhibit 3.2 

Business Number E0251052006 - 8 Filed in the Office of Secretary of State State Of Nevada Filing Number 20222119240 Filed On 2/22/2022 10:00:00 AM Number of Pages 11 

1 

BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State 202 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701 - 4201 (775) 684 - 5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov Articles of Merger (PURSUANT TO NRS 92A.200) Page 2 USE BLACK INK ONLY DO NOT HIGHLIGHT ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 2) Forwarding address where copies of process may be sent by the Secretary of State of Nevada (if a foreign entity is the survivor in the merger - NRS92A.190): Attn: c!o. 3) Choose one: The undersigned declares that a plan of merger has been adopted by each constituent entity (NRS 92A.200). 00 The undersigned declares that a plan of merger has been adopted by the parent domestic entity (NRS 92A.180). 4) Owner's approval (NRS 92A.200) (options a, b or c must be used, as applicable, for each entity): If there are more than four merging entities, check box and attach an 81 / 2 " x 11 " blank sheet containing the required information for each additional entity from the appropriate section of article four . (a) Owner's approval was not required from Koil Energy Solution . Inc. Name of merging entity, if applicable Name of merging entity, if applicable Name of merging entity, if applicable Name of merging entity, if applicable and, or; Deep Do \ \ 'n, Inc. Name of surviving entity, if applicable This form must be accompanied by appropriate fees. Nevada Secretary o'. State 92A Merger Pag 2 Revised 1 - 0 - 15 

2 

BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State 202 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701 - 4201 {775) 684 5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov Articles of Merger (PURSUANT TO NRS 92A.200) Page 3 USE BLACK INK ONLY DONOT HIGHLIGHT ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY (b) The plan was approved by the required consent of tho owners of': Name of merging entity, if applicable Name of merging entity, If applicable Name of merging entity, if applicable Name of merging entity, If applicable and, or: Name of surviving entity, if applicable Unless otherwise provided in the cer1If1cate of trust or governing instrument of a business trust, a merger must be approved by all the trustees and beneficial owners of each business trust that is a constituent entity in the merger. This form must be accompamod by appropriate fees Nevada se retary of State 92A Merger Page 3 Revised v,.15 

3 

BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State 202 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701 - 4201 (775) 684 - 5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov Articles of Merger (PURSUANT TO NRS 92A.200) Page 4 USE BLACK INK ONLY DO NOT HIGHLIGHT ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY (c) Approval of plan of merger for Nevada non - profit corporation (NRS 92A.160): The plan of merger has been approved by the directors of the corporation and by each public officer or other person whose approval of the plan of merger 1s required by the articles of incorporation of the domestic corporation. Name of merging entity, if applicable Name of merging entity, if applicable Name of merging entity, if applicable Name of merging entity, if applicable and, or; Name of surviving entity, if applicable This form must be accompanied by appropriate fees. Nevada Secretary of State 92A Merger Page 4 Rev sed 1 - 5 - 15 

4 

BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State 202 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701 - 4201 (775) 684 - 5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov Articles of Merger (PURSUANT TO NRS 92A.200) Page 5 USE BLACK INK ONLY - 00 NOT HIGHLIGHT ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 5) Amendments, if any, to the articles or certificate of the surviving entity. Provide article numbers, if available. (NRS 92A.200) : Artick One of the Articles of [ncorporation of Deep Down, Inc. is hereby amended as follow : "The name of the corporation is Koil Energy Solutions, Inc." 6) Location of Plan of Merger (check a orb): [XI (a} The entire plan of merger is attached; (b) The entire plan of merger is on file at the registered office of the surviving corporation, limited - liability company or business trust, or at the records office address if a limited partnership, or other place of business of the surviving entity (NRS 92A.200). 7) Effective date and time of filing: (optional) (must not be later than 90 days after the certificate is filed) Date: Time: Amended and restated articles may be attached as an exhibit or integrated into the articles of merger. Please entitle them "Restated" or "Amended and Restated," accordingly. The form to accompany restated articles prescribed by the secretary of state must accompany the amended and/or restated articles. Pursuant to NRS 92A.180 (merger of subs1d1ary into parent - Nevada parent owning 90 or more of subsidiary}, the ar11cles of merger may not contain amendments to the constituent documents of the su'V1ving entity except !hat the name of the surviving entity may be changed. This form must be accompanied by appropriate fees. Nevada Sccrnlary or Stale 92, \ Merger Page 5 Revised 1.5.15 

5 

BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State 202 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701 - 4201 (775) 684 - 5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov Articles of Merger (PURSUANT TO NRS 92A.200) Page 6 USE BLACK INK ONLY - 00 NOT HIGHLIGHT ABOVE SPACE IS FOR OFFICE USE ONLY 8) Signatures - Must be signed by: An officer of each Nevada corporation; All general partners of each Nevada limited partnership; All general partners of each Nevada limited - liability limited partnership; A manager of each Nevada limited - liability company with managers or one member if there are no managers; A trustee of each Nevada business trust (NRS 92A.2JOt D If there are more than four merging entities, check box and attach an 8 1/2" x 11" blanl( sheet containing the required information for each additional entlly from article eight. Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. Name of merging entity X Charles NJ uguna"'''''"''''""'b'c"""'"'"'"'" Do,e '"" '"''" 18 - UOW Signature Name of merging entity X Signature Title Name of merging entity X Signature Title Name of merging entity X Signature Title and, Deer Down. Inc Name of surviving entity X Charles Njuguna o,, ""' "S wd by (ho,ic,,SJ,g,oa o, - , "'""'"""4' 0 

6 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of February 22, 2022. 

BETWEEN: 

DEEP
DOWN, INC., a Nevada corporation, having its office at 18511 Beaumont Highway, Houston, TX 77049 Deep
Down 

AND: 

KOIL
ENERGY SOLUTIONS, INC., a Nevada corporation, having its office at 18511 Beaumont Highway, Houston, TX 77049 Merger
Sub 

WHEREAS: 

A. Merger Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of Deep Down; 

B. The board of directors of Merger Sub
and Deep Down deem it advisable and in the best interests of their respective companies and shareholders that Merger Sub be merged
with and into Deep Down, with Deep Down remaining as the surviving corporation under the name Koil Energy Solutions,
Inc. 

C. 
 The board of directors of Merger Sub have approved the plan of merger embodied in this Agreement; and 

D. 
 The board of directors of Deep Down have approved the plan of merger embodied in this Agreement. 

THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
agreements and covenants set forth herein, the parties hereto hereby agree to merge on the terms and conditions herein provided, as follows: 

1. THE MERGER 

1.1 The Merger 

Upon the terms and subject
to the conditions hereof, on the Effective Date (as hereinafter defined), Merger Sub shall be merged with and into Deep Down in accordance
 with the applicable laws of the State of Nevada (the Merger ).
The separate existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and Deep Down shall be the surviving corporation under the name Koil Energy Solutions,
Inc. (the Surviving Corporation and shall be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada. The shares of Merger
Sub shall be cancelled as a result of the Merger and shall not be converted into shares, obligations or other securities of the Surviving
Corporation, or into cash or other property in whole or in part. 

1.2 Effective Date 

The Merger shall become
effective (the Effective Date when the Articles of Merger, in substantially the form annexed hereto as Appendix A,
which the parties hereto intend to file with the Secretary of the State of Nevada, arc accepted and declared effective by the Secretary
of State of the State of Nevada. 

7 

1.3 Articles of Incorporation 

On the Effective Date,
the Articles of Incorporation of Deep Down, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date, shall continue in full force and effect
as the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation except that Article I of the Articles of Incorporation of Deep Down, as
the Surviving Corporation, shall be amended to state that the name of the corporation is Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. 

1.4 Bylaws 

On the Effective Date,
the Bylaws of Deep Down, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date, shall continue in full force and effect as the bylaws of
the Surviving Corporation. 

1.5 Directors and Officers 

The directors and officers
of Deep Down immediately prior to the Effective Date shall be the directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation, until their successors
shall have been duly elected and qualified or until otherwise provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation
or the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. 

2. EFFECT OF THE MERGER 

2.1 Rights, Privileges, etc. 

On the Effective Date
of the Merger, the Surviving Corporation, without further act, deed or other transfer, shall retain or succeed to, as the case may be,
and possess and be vested with all the rights, privileges, immunities, powers, franchises and authority, of a public as well as of a private
nature, of Merger Sub and Deep Down; all property of every description and every interest therein, and all debts and other obligations
of or belonging to or due to each of Merger Sub and Deep Down on whatever account shall thereafter be taken and deemed to be held by or
transferred to, as the case may be, or invested in the Surviving Corporation without further act or deed, title to any real estate, or
any interest therein vested in Merger Sub or Deep Down, shall not revert or in any way be impaired by reason of this merger; and all of
the rights of creditors of Merger Sub and Deep Down shall be preserved unimpaired, and all liens upon the property of Merger Sub or Deep
Down shall be preserved unimpaired, and all debts, liabilities, obligations and duties of the respective corporations shall thenceforth
remain with or be attached to, as the case may be, the Surviving Corporation and may be enforced against it to the same extent as if all
of said debts, liabilities, obligations and duties had been incurred or contracted by it. 

2.2 Further Assurances 

From time to time, as
and when required by the Surviving Corporation or by its successors and assigns, there shall be executed and delivered on behalf of Merger
Sub such deeds and other instruments, and there shall be taken or caused to be taken by it such Further other action, as shall be appropriate
or necessary in order to vest or perfect in or to confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation the title to and possession
of all the property, interest, assets, rights, privileges, immunities, powers, franchises and authority of Merger Sub and otherwise to
carry out the purposes of this Agreement, and the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation are fully authorized in the name
and on behalf of Merger Sub or otherwise to take any and all such action and to execute and deliver any and all such deeds and other instruments. 

3. GENERAL 

3.1 Abandonment 

Notwithstanding any
approval of the Merger or this Agreement by the boards of directors of Merger Sub or Deep Down or both, this Agreement may be terminated
and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, by mutual written agreement of Merger Sub and Deep Down. 

8 

3.2 Amendment 

At any time prior to
the Effective Date, this Agreement may be amended or modified in writing by the board of directors of both Merger Sub and Deep Down. 

3.3 Governing Law 

This Agreement shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, 

3.4 Counterparts 

In order to facilitate
the filing and recording of this Agreement, the same may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be
an original. 

3.5 Electronic Means 

Delivery of an executed
copy of this Agreement by electronic facsimile transmission or other means of electronic communication capable of producing a printed
copy will be deemed to he execution and delivery of this Agreement as of the date hereof 

[Signature Page Follows] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
 the parties hereto have entered into and signed this Agreement as of the date
 set forth above. 

DEEP DOWN, INC., 

 a
Nevada corporation 

By: /s/ Charles Njuguna 

 Name: Charles Njuguna 
Title: President 

KOIL ENERGY SOLUTIONS, INC., 

 a Nevada corporation 

By: /s/ Charles Njuguna 

 Name: Charles
Njuguna 
Title: President 

10 

Appendix
A 

Articles of Merger 

See attached. 

11 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-32.2>
 3
 koil_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Trevor Ashurst, Vice President of Finance of the Company hereby
certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

/s/ Trevor Ashurst 

 Trevor Ashurst 

 Vice President of Finance 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

March 30, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 koil_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Charles Njuguna, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

/s/ Charles Njuguna 

 Charles Njuguna 

 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

March 30, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 koil_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Charles Njuguna, President, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in the report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods represented in this report; 

(4) The Company s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which the report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report
any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

(5) The Company s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors
and to the audit committee of the board of directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent function): 

(a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

March 30, 2023 

/s/ Charles Njuguna 

 Charles Njuguna 

 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 koil_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF VICE PRESIDENT OF FINANCE 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Trevor Ashurst, Vice President of Finance of
Koil Energy Solutions, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in the report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods represented in this report; 

(4) The Company s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which the report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report
any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

(5) The Company s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors
and to the audit committee of the board of directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent function): 

(a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

March 30, 2023 

/s/ Trevor Ashurst 

 Trevor Ashurst 

 Vice President of Finance 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 klng-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 klng-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 klng-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 klng-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

