<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1075706_0001437749-23-006793.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16865431</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>260510</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1964609</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6713318</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3460536</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3829116</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-006793.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316080101
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-006793
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CITIZENS HOLDING CO /MS/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001075706
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				640666512
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15375
		FILM NUMBER:		23737186

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 209
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39350
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6016564692

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 209
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39350

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-006793.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 cizn20211231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

cizn20221231c_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______________ to ________________

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
			 (IRS Employer Identification Number) 

Incorporation or Organization) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Office) 
			 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on 

Which Registered 

Global Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definition of accelerated filer, large accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 
			 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, .20 par value, held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market for such date (the exchange on which the registrant s common stock was listed on June 30, 2022).

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

Class

Common stock, .20 par value

Outstanding at March 10, 2023

Shares

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of Citizens Holding Company s Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 are incorporated by reference into Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Auditor 

Portions of Citizens Holding Company s Definitive Proxy Statement with respect to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY

FORM 10-K

INDEX

PAGE 

PART I 

ITEM 1.

BUSINESS

3

ITEM 1A.

RISK FACTORS

11

ITEM 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

23

ITEM 2.

PROPERTIES

24

ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

26

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

26

PART II

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

27 

ITEM 6.

[RESERVED]

27

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

27 

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

27 

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

28

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

28 

ITEM 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

28

ITEM 9B

OTHER INFORMATION

28

ITEM 9C

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

28

PART III

ITEM 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

29 

ITEM 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

29

ITEM 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

29 

ITEM 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

30 

ITEM 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

30

PART IV

ITEM 15.

EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

31

ITEM 16.

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

32

SIGNATURES

34

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY

FORM 10-K

PART I

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements

In addition to historical information, this report contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that are based on management s beliefs, plans, expectations, assumptions and on information currently available to management. The words may, should, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, continue, believe, seek, estimate and similar expressions used in this report that do not relate to historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements appear in a number of places in this report, including, but not limited to, statements found in Item 1, Business, and in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Citizens Holding Company (the Company notes that a variety of factors could cause its actual results or experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations described or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties that may affect the operation, performance, development and results of the business of the Company and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, The Citizens Bank of Philadelphia, Mississippi (the Bank ), include, but are not limited to, the following:

expectations about the movement of interest rates, including actions that may be taken by the Federal Reserve Board in response to changing economic conditions;

adverse changes in asset quality and loan demand, and the potential insufficiency of the allowance for loan losses and our ability to foreclose on delinquent mortgages;

the risk of adverse changes in business conditions in the banking industry generally and in the specific markets in which the Company operates including, but not limited to, the negative impacts and disruptions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic;

natural disasters, civil unrest, epidemics (including any re-emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic) and other catastrophic events in the Company s geographic area;

the impact of increased inflation rates on the general economic, market or business conditions;

extensive regulation, changes in the legislative and regulatory environment that negatively impact the Company and the Bank through increased operating expenses and the potential for regulatory enforcement actions, claims, or litigation;

increased competition from other financial institutions and the risk of failure to achieve our business strategies;

events affecting our business operations, including the effectiveness of our risk management framework, the accuracy of our estimates, our reliance on third party vendors, the risk of security breaches and potential fraud, and the impact of technological advances;

climate change and societal responses to climate change could adversely affect the Company s business and results of operations, including indirectly through impact to its customers;

our ability to maintain sufficient capital and to raise additional capital when needed;

our ability to maintain adequate liquidity to conduct business and meet our obligations;

events affecting our ability to compete effectively and achieve our strategies, such as the risk of failure to achieve the revenue increases expected to result from our acquisitions, branch additions and in new product and service offerings, our ability to control expenses and our ability to attract and retain skilled people;

events that adversely affect our reputation, and the resulting potential adverse impact on our business operations;

increased cybersecurity risk, including network breaches, business disruptions or financial losses;

risks arising from owning our common stock, such as the volatility and trading volume, our ability to pay dividends, the regulatory limitations on stock ownership, and provisions in our governing documents that may make it more difficult for another party to obtain control of us; and

other risks detailed from time-to-time in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements subsequent to the date on which they are made. Please also refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors, for a detailed discussion of the risks related to the Company, the Bank in particular, and the banking industry generally.

2

ITEM 1.

BUSINESS.

BACKGROUND 

The Company is a one-bank holding company incorporated under the laws of the State of Mississippi on February 16, 1982. The Company is the sole shareholder of The Citizens Bank of Philadelphia (the Bank ). The Company does not have any subsidiaries other than the Bank. The Company, we, or our, as used herein, includes the Bank, unless the context otherwise requires. All dollar amounts appearing in this report are in thousands unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise dictates.

The Bank was opened on February 8, 1908 as The First National Bank of Philadelphia. In 1917, the Bank surrendered its national charter and obtained a state charter, at which time the name of the Bank was changed to The Citizens Bank of Philadelphia, Mississippi. At December 31, 2022, the Bank was the largest bank headquartered in Neshoba County, Mississippi, with total assets of 1,323,586 and total deposits of 1,126,927. For more information regarding the assets, revenue and profits of the Company, refer to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company contained in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The Company's only reportable segment is the assets and cash flow of the Bank, resulting in revenues of 50,586, operating profit of 11,501 and total assets of 1,324,003 for the Company as of December 31, 2022.

The principal executive offices of both the Company and the Bank are located at 521 Main Street, Philadelphia, Mississippi 39350, and the main telephone number is (601) 656-4692. All references hereinafter to the activities or operations of the Company reflect the Company s activities or operations through the Bank.

OPERATIONS 

Through its ownership of the Bank, the Company engages in a wide range of commercial and personal banking activities, including accepting demand deposits, savings and time deposit accounts, making secured and unsecured loans, issuing letters of credit, originating mortgage loans, and providing personal and corporate trust services. The Company also provides certain services that are closely related to commercial banking such as credit life insurance and title insurance for its loan customers through third-party relationships.

Revenues from the Company s lending activities constitute the largest component of the Company s operating revenues. Revenue from loan interest and fees made up 53.8 of gross revenues in 2022, 61.6 in 2021 and 60.6 in 2020. Loan demand was stagnant and loan yields compressed due to the low-rate environment coupled with aggressive loan terms offered by other financial institutions. The Company s primary lending area is the entire state of Mississippi and contiguous states. The Company continues to look for areas of growth within the state of Mississippi and surrounding states but, occasionally the Company extends out-of-area credit to borrowers who are considered to be low risk, as defined within the Bank s lending policy. The Company is not dependent upon any single customer or small group of customers, and it has no foreign operations.

3

The Company s market area has historically been rural, however, since 2008, the Company has continued to expand into larger metropolitan areas and now serves a number of larger growth areas with Jackson, population 156,803, Gulfport, population 72,468, Hattiesburg, population 47,074, Biloxi, population 49,061, and Meridian, population 35,625, being the largest markets. The economy throughout Mississippi is becoming more diverse but agriculture and manufacturing continue to be the largest industries in Mississippi. For more information regarding revenue from external customers for the last three fiscal years, attributed by geographic region, please refer to Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," which is included in the Company's Annual Report and attached as an exhibit hereto.

The Company has historically made, and intends to continue to make, most types of real estate loans, including, but not limited to, single and multi-family housing, farm, residential and commercial construction, and commercial real estate loans. At December 31, 2022, approximately 80.7 of the Company s loan portfolio was attributed to real estate lending, 16.6 of the Company s loan portfolio was comprised of commercial, industrial and agricultural production loans, and consumer loans made up the remaining 2.7 of the Company s total loan portfolio.

The Company s loan personnel have the authority to extend credit under guidelines established and approved by the Company s Board of Directors. Any aggregate credit that exceeds the authority of the loan officer is forwarded to the Board s loan committee for approval. The loan committee is composed of certain independent Company directors. All aggregate credits that exceed the loan committee s lending authority are presented to the Board of Directors for ultimate approval or denial. The loan committee not only acts as an approval body to ensure consistent application of the Company s loan policies, but also provides valuable insight through the communication and pooling of knowledge, judgment and experience of its members.

All loans in the Company s portfolio are subject to risk based on the state of both the local and national economy. As our footprint expands, the Company s portfolio risks are more closely aligned with the state economy. The state economy remains stable after having an increase in unemployment due to the pandemic with unemployment rates having improved to pre-pandemic levels. The state economy is expected to remain stable. The national economic outlook remains uncertain as it relates to inflation and rising interest rates and the ultimate impact of monetary policy. Therefore, it is still uncertain how the recovering economies on the local, state and national levels will affect the Company in the future.

The Company continues to invest in technology as we understand it is necessary to compete in today s market. The Company has the technology for consumers to perform many of the routine, transaction-related items through its online and mobile platforms. Additionally, the Company continues to build out a robust treasury management suite of products for business banking such as remote deposit capture, ACH transactions and wire transfers. The Company is evolving with the market to ensure we continue to offer a great customer experience that they have come to expect from the Company.

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Stacy M. Brantley, 48, was employed by the Bank in February of 2023. He was named President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank. From 2009 to February 2023, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer of Morris Bank in Dublin, GA. Prior to that role, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Magnolia Bankshares, Inc. in Eastman, GA. Prior to that role, he served as a Senior Accountant at a regional CPA firm in Georgia.

4

Greg L. McKee, 61, was employed by the Bank in 1984. He was named President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank in January 2003 until his retirement in January 2023 in which he no longer serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank. He served as President of the Bank from January 2002 until January 2023 and served as Chief Operating Officer of the Bank from January 2002 until December 31, 2002. He has also been a member of the Board of Directors of both the Company and the Bank since 2001. Mr. McKee served as Executive Vice-President of the Bank from 2001 to 2002, Senior Vice-President of the Bank from 2000 to 2001, Vice-President of the Bank from 1992 to 2000, Assistant Vice-President of the Bank from 1989 to 1992, and Assistant Cashier of the Bank from 1984 to 1989.

Phillip R. Branch, 39, has been employed by the Bank since 2018. He has served as Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank since October 2020. Prior to October 2020, Mr. Branch held the title of Vice-President and Comptroller of the Bank from 2018 until 2020. Prior to joining Citizens, Mr. Branch was a Senior Manager in the Financial Institutions practice of HORNE LLP, beginning in September 2006, serving banks throughout the southeastern United States. Mr. Branch has been a Certified Public Accountant since 2009.

EMPLOYEES 

The Company has no employees other than three Bank officers who provide services to the Company. These officers receive no compensation from the Company for their services to it as their compensation is paid by the Bank. At December 31, 2022, the Bank employed 271 full-time equivalents. The Bank is not a party to any collective bargaining agreements, and employee relations are considered to be good.

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 

The Bank is chartered under the banking laws of the State of Mississippi and is subject to the supervision of, and is regularly examined by, the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The Company is a registered bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ), and is subject to the supervision of the Federal Reserve Board FRB ). Certain legislation and regulations affecting the businesses of the Company and the Bank are discussed below.

General .

The current regulatory environment for financial institutions includes substantial enforcement activity by the federal and state banking agencies, and other state and federal law enforcement agencies, reflecting an increase in activity over prior years. This environment entails significant increases in compliance requirements and associated costs. The FRB requires the Company to maintain certain levels of capital and to file an annual report with the FRB. The FRB also has the authority to conduct examinations of the Company and the Bank and to take enforcement action against any bank holding company that engages in any unsafe or unsound practice or that violates certain laws, regulations, or conditions imposed in writing by the FRB.

5

Capital Standards .

The FRB, FDIC and other federal banking agencies have established risk-based capital adequacy guidelines. These guidelines are intended to provide a measure of a bank s capital adequacy that reflects the degree of risk associated with a bank s operations.

Under those guidelines, assets and off-balance sheet items are assigned to broad risk categories, each with appropriate weights. The resulting capital ratios represent capital as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet items. Under the current risk-based capital adequacy guidelines, we are required to maintain (1) a ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital CET1 to total risk-weighted assets of not less than 4.5 ; (2) a minimum leverage capital ratio of 4 ; (3) a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 ; and (4) a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 8 . CET1 generally consists of common stock, retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income and certain minority interests, less certain adjustments and deductions. In addition, we must maintain a capital conservation buffer, which is a specified amount of CET1 capital in addition to the amount necessary to meet minimum risk-based capital requirements. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. If our ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted capital is below the capital conservation buffer, we will face restrictions on our ability to pay dividends, repurchase our outstanding stock and make certain discretionary bonus payments. The required capital conservation buffer is 2.5 of CET1 to risk-weighted assets in addition to the amount necessary to meet minimum risk-based capital requirements.

Management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements under Basel III. Management will continue to monitor these and any future proposals submitted by the Company s and Bank s regulators.

Prompt Corrective Action and Other Enforcement Mechanisms .

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991, as amended FDICIA requires each federal banking agency to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of insured depository institutions, including, but not limited to, those that fall below one or more of the prescribed minimum capital ratios. The law requires each federal banking agency to promulgate regulations defining the following five categories in which an insured depository institution will be placed, based on the level of its capital ratios: well capitalized; adequately capitalized; undercapitalized; significantly undercapitalized; and critically undercapitalized. The Company and the Bank are classified as well capitalized under the guidelines promulgated by the FRB and the FDIC.

Safety and Soundness Standards .

FDICIA also implemented certain specific restrictions on transactions and required the regulators to adopt overall safety and soundness standards for depository institutions related to internal control, loan underwriting and documentation, and asset growth. Among other things, FDICIA limits the interest rates paid on deposits by undercapitalized institutions, the use of brokered deposits and the aggregate extension of credit by a depository institution to an executive officer, director, principal shareholder or related interest, and reduces deposit insurance coverage for deposits offered by undercapitalized institutions and for deposits by certain employee benefits accounts.

6

Restrictions on Dividends and Other Distributions .

The Company s ability to pay dividends depends in large part on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. The power of the board of directors of an insured depository institution to declare a cash dividend or other distribution with respect to capital is subject to federal statutory and regulatory restrictions, which limit the amount available for such distribution depending upon the earnings, financial condition and cash needs of the institution, as well as general business conditions.

The approval of the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance is also required prior to the Bank paying dividends. The department s regulations limit dividends to earned surplus in excess of three times the Bank s capital stock. At December 31, 2022, the maximum amount available for transfer from the Bank to the Company in the form of a dividend was approximately 104,804, or 185.9 of the Bank s consolidated net assets.

FRB regulations limit the amount the Bank may loan to the Company unless those loans are collateralized by specific obligations. At December 31, 2022, the maximum amount available for transfer from the Bank in the form of loans was 5,637, or 10 of the Bank s consolidated net assets. The Bank does not have any outstanding loans with the Company.

FDIC Insurance Assessments .

The FDIC insures the deposits of federally insured banks up to prescribed statutory limits for each depositor, through the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF and safeguards the safety and soundness of the banking and thrift industries. The amount of FDIC assessments paid by each insured depository institution is based on its relative risk of default as measured by regulatory capital ratios and other supervisory factors.

The FDIC s deposit insurance premium assessment is based on an institution s average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity.

We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. At least semi-annually, the FDIC will update its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, will increase or decrease assessment rates, following notice-and-comment rulemaking, if required. If there are additional bank or financial institution failures or if the FDIC otherwise determines to increase assessment rates, the Bank may be required to pay higher FDIC insurance premiums. Any future increases in FDIC insurance premiums may have a material and adverse effect on our earnings.

Other BHC Act Provisions. 

The BHC Act requires a bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the FRB before acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any bank that is not already majority-owned by such bank holding company. The BHC Act provides that the FRB shall not approve any acquisition, merger or consolidation that would result in a monopoly or that would be in furtherance of any combination or conspiracy to monopolize or attempt to monopolize the business of banking. The FRB also will not approve any other transactions in which the effect might be to substantially lessen competition or in any manner be a restraint on trade, unless the anti-competitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed by the public interest in the probable effect of the transaction in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served.

7

The BHC Act also prohibits a bank holding company, with certain exceptions, from engaging in or from acquiring direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company engaged in non-banking activities. The principal exception to this rule is for engaging in or acquiring shares of a company whose activities are found by the FRB to be so closely related to banking or managing banks as to be a proper incident thereto. In making such determinations, the FRB is required to consider whether the performance of such activities by a bank holding company or its subsidiaries can reasonably be expected to produce benefits to the public such as greater convenience, increased competition or gains in efficiency of resources that outweigh the risks of possible adverse effects such as decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest or unsound banking practices.

The BHC Act prohibits the acquisition by a bank holding company of more than 5 of the outstanding voting shares of a bank located outside the state in which the operations of its banking subsidiaries are principally conducted, unless such an acquisition is specifically authorized by statute of the state in which the bank to be acquired is located.

The Company and the Bank are subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act on any extensions of credit to the Company or the Bank, on investments in the stock or other securities of the Company or the Bank, and on taking such stock or other securities as collateral for loans of any borrower.

The BHC Act was amended in 2000 by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999 to permit financial holding companies to engage in a broader range of nonbanking financial activities, such as underwriting and selling insurance, providing financial or investment advice, and dealing and making markets in securities and merchant banking. In order to qualify as a financial holding company, the Company must declare to the FRB its intention to become a financial holding company and certify that the Bank meets the capitalization management requirements and that it has at least a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1997, as amended (the CRA ). To date, we have not elected to become a financial holding company.

Community Reinvestment Act .

The CRA requires the assessment by the appropriate regulatory authority of a financial institution s record in meeting the credit needs of the local community, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods. The regulations promulgated under CRA emphasize an assessment of actual performance in meeting local credit needs, rather than of the procedures followed by a bank to evaluate compliance with the CRA. CRA compliance is also a factor in evaluations of proposed mergers, acquisitions and applications to open new branches or facilities. Overall CRA compliance is rated across a four-point scale from outstanding to substantial noncompliance. Different evaluation methods are used depending on the asset size of the bank.

The FDIC examined the Bank on September 24, 2019 for its performance under the CRA. The Bank was rated Satisfactory during this examination, and the FDIC found no discriminatory practices or illegal discouragement of applications.

8

Consumer Protection. 

The Bank is subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws. These laws provide substantive consumer rights and subject the Bank to substantial regulatory oversight. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual damages, restitution and attorneys' fees. Federal bank regulators, state attorneys general and state and local consumer protection agencies may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by the state and local attorneys general in each jurisdiction in which the Bank operates and civil money penalties. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in the Bank's failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions the Bank may wish to pursue or its prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required.

Anti-Money Laundering Efforts .

The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 USA PATRIOT Act requires financial institutions to establish anti-money laundering programs and due diligence policies, procedures and controls with respect to bank accounts involving foreign individuals and certain foreign banks, and to avoid establishing and maintaining accounts in the United States for, or on the behalf of, foreign banks that do not have a physical presence in any country. We believe that we are in compliance with the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act.

Corporate Governance .

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes Act requires publicly traded companies, such as the Company, to adhere to several directives designed to prevent corporate misconduct. As a result, additional duties have been placed on officers, directors, auditors and attorneys of public companies. The Sarbanes Act requires certifications regarding financial statement accuracy and internal control adequacy by the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer to accompany periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Sarbanes Act also accelerates insider reporting obligations under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, restricts certain executive officer and director transactions, imposes new obligations on corporate audit committees and provides for enhanced review by the SEC.

The Dodd-Frank Act mandated a number of new requirements with respect to corporate governance. The legislation requires publicly traded companies to give stockholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation at least every three years and on so-called golden parachute payments in connection with approvals of mergers and acquisitions. The Dodd-Frank Act also authorizes the SEC to promulgate rules that would allow stockholders to nominate their own candidates using a company s proxy materials. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act directs the federal banking regulators to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of depository institutions and their holding companies with assets in excess of 1.0 billion, regardless of whether the company is publicly traded. The Dodd-Frank Act gives the SEC authority to prohibit broker discretionary voting on elections of directors and executive compensation matters.

9

Impact of Monetary Policies .

Banking is a business that substantially depends on interest rate differentials. In general, the difference between the interest paid by a bank on its deposits and other borrowings and the interest rate earned by banks on loans, securities and other interest-earning assets comprises the major source of banks earnings. Thus, the earnings and growth of banks are subject to the influence of economic conditions generally, both domestic and foreign, and also to the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States and its agencies including the FRB. The nature and timing of any future changes in such policies and their impact on the Company cannot be predicted.

Future Legislation. 

Various legislation affecting financial institutions and the financial industry is from time to time introduced in Congress. Such legislation may change banking statutes and our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways and could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance depending upon whether any of this potential legislation will be enacted, and if enacted, the effect that it or any implementing regulations, would have on the financial condition or our results of operations. With the proposals to alter the Dodd-Frank Act and the evolution of the CFPB, the nature and extent of future legislative and regulatory changes affecting financial institutions continues to be very unpredictable.

COMPETITION 

The banking business is highly competitive. The Company s primary market area is the entire state of Mississippi and contiguous states. The Company continues to look for areas of growth in the state of Mississippi and surrounding states but, occasionally the Company extends out-of-area credit to borrowers who are considered to be low risk, as defined within the Bank s lending policy. The Company competes with local, regional and national financial institutions throughout the state in obtaining deposits, lending activities and providing many types of financial services. The Company also competes with larger regional banks for the business of companies located in the Company s market area.

All financial institutions, including the Company, compete for customers deposits. The Company also competes with savings and loan associations, credit unions, production credit associations, federal land banks, finance companies, personal loan companies, money market funds and other non-depository financial intermediaries. Many of these financial institutions have resources significantly greater than those of the Company. In addition, financial intermediaries, such as money-market mutual funds and large retailers, are not subject to the same regulations and laws that govern the operation of traditional depository institutions. The Company believes it benefits from a good reputation in the community and from the significant length of time it has provided needed banking services to its customers. Also, as a locally owned financial institution, the Company believes it is able to respond to the needs of the community with services tailored to the particular demands of its customers. Furthermore, as a local institution, the Company believes it can provide such services faster than a larger institution not based in the Company s market area.

10

Changes in federal and state law have resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, increased competition. The reductions in legal barriers to the acquisition of banks by out-of-state bank holding companies resulting from implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and other banking laws and regulations are expected to continue to further stimulate competition in the markets in which the Company operates, although it is not possible to predict the extent or timing of such increased competition.

Currently, there are approximately forty different financial institutions in the Company s market competing for the same customer base. According to the FDIC s Summary of Deposits that is collected as of June 30 each year, the Company s market share in its market area was approximately 1.49 at June 30, 2022. The Company competes in its market for loan and deposit products, along with many of the other services required by today s banking customer, on the basis of availability, quality and pricing. The Company believes it is able to compete favorably in its markets, in terms of both the rates the Company offers and the level of service that the Company provides to its customers.

AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION 

The Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments thereto, along with other information about the Company, are available, free of charge, on our website https://www.thecitizensbankphila.com/investor-relations/sec-filings/ . The information contained on our website is not incorporated into this report. Upon request, the Company will provide to any record holder or beneficial holder of its shares a copy of such reports without charge. Requests should be made to Phillip R. Branch, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, Citizens Holding Company, 521 Main Street, Philadelphia, Mississippi 39350.

ITEM 1A.

RISK FACTORS.

In addition to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this report and the exhibits hereto, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating the Company s business. The risks disclosed below, either alone or in combination, could materially adversely affect the business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and/or the Bank. Additional risks not presently known to the Company, or that the Company currently deems immaterial, may also adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations.

11

Risks Related To The Company s Business and Industry 

The Company is subject to interest rate risk. 

One of the most important aspects of management s efforts to sustain long-term profitability for the Company is the management of interest rate risk. Management s goal is to maximize net interest income within acceptable levels of interest-rate risk and liquidity.

The Company s assets and liabilities are principally financial in nature and the resulting earnings thereon are subject to significant variability due to the timing and extent to which the Company can reprice the yields on interest-earning assets and the costs of interest bearing liabilities as a result of changes in market interest rates. Interest rates in the financial markets affect the Company s decisions on pricing its assets and liabilities, which impacts net interest income, an important cash flow stream for the Company. As a result, a substantial part of the Company s risk-management activities is devoted to managing interest-rate risk. Currently, the Company does not have any significant risks related to foreign currency exchange, commodities or equity risk exposures.

The Company s earnings and cash flows are largely dependent upon the net interest income of the Company. Net interest income is the difference between interest earned on assets, such as loans and securities, and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowed funds. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond the Company s control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the FRB. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest the Company receives on loans and securities and the amount of interest the Company pays on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect (i) the Company s ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, which could reduce the amount of fee income generated; (ii) the fair value of the Company s financial assets and liabilities; and (iii) the average duration of the Company s mortgage-backed securities portfolio. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, the Company s net interest income could be adversely affected, which in turn could negatively affect its earnings. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings.

Interest rates increased significantly in 2022 and additional increases are expected in 2023 as the U.S. government attempts to slow economic growth to counteract rising inflation. Although management believes it has implemented effective asset and liability management strategies to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on the results of operations of the Company, any substantial, unexpected, prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. For the reasons set forth above, an increase in interest rates generally as a result of such a credit rating downgrade could adversely affect our net interest income levels, thereby resulting in reduced earnings, and reduce loan demand. Volatility in interest rates may also result in disintermediation, which is the flow of funds away from financial institutions into direct investments, such as United States Government and Agency securities and other investment vehicles, including mutual funds, which generally pay higher rates of return than financial institutions because of the absence of federal insurance premiums and reserve requirements. Disintermediation could also result in material adverse effects on the Company s financial condition and results of operations.

12

A discussion of the policies and procedures used to identify, assess and manage certain interest rate risk is set forth in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

The Company is subject to lending risk. 

There are inherent risks associated with the Company s lending activities. These risks include, among other things, the impact of changes in interest rates and changes in the economic conditions in the markets where the Company operates as well as those across the United States. Increases in interest rates or weakening economic conditions could adversely impact the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans or the value of the collateral securing these loans.

As of December 31, 2022, approximately 79.5 of the Company s loan portfolio consisted of commercial, construction and commercial real estate loans. These types of loans are generally viewed as having more risk of default than residential real estate loans or consumer loans due primarily to the large amounts loaned to individual borrowers. Because the loan portfolio contains a significant number of commercial, construction and commercial real estate loans with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant increase in non-performing loans. An increase in non-performing loans could result in a net loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for possible loan losses and an increase in loan charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations.

Delays in the Company s ability to foreclose on delinquent mortgage loans may negatively impact our business. 

As business necessitates, the Company forecloses on and takes title to real estate serving as collateral for loans. The amount of other real estate held by the Company may increase in the future as a result of, among other things, business combinations, increased uncertainties in the housing market or increased levels of credit stress in residential real estate loan portfolios. Increased other real estate balances could lead to greater expenses as the Company incurs costs to manage, maintain and dispose of real properties as well as to remediate any environmental cleanup costs incurred in connection with any contamination discovered on real property on which the Company has foreclosed and to which the Company has taken title. As a result, the Company s earnings could be negatively affected by various expenses associated with other real estate owned, including personnel costs, insurance and taxes, completion and repair costs, valuation adjustments and other expenses associated with real property ownership, as well as by the funding costs associated with other real estate assets. The expenses associated with holding a significant amount of other real estate could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.

13

The allowance for possible loan losses may be insufficient. 

Although the Company tries to maintain diversification within its loan portfolio in order to minimize the effect of economic conditions within a particular industry, management also maintains an allowance for loan losses, which is a reserve established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense, to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the entire loan portfolio. The appropriate level of the allowance is based on management s quarterly analysis of the loan portfolio and represents an amount that management deems adequate to provide for inherent losses, including collective impairment. Among other considerations in establishing the allowance for loan losses, management considers economic conditions reflected within industry segments, the unemployment rate in the Company s markets, loan segmentation and historical losses that are inherent in the loan portfolio. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires management to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of the Company s control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan losses.

In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review the allowance for loan losses and may require an increase in the provision for loan losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan losses, the Company will need additional provisions to increase the allowance for loan losses. Any increases in the allowance for loan losses will result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital, and may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. A discussion of the policies and procedures related to management s process for determining the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses is set forth in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The Company is subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. 

A significant portion of the loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, the Company may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, the Company may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require the Company to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit the ability of the Company to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase the Company s exposure to environmental liability. Although management has policies and procedures to perform an environmental review during the loan application process and also before initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations.

The profitability of the Company depends significantly on economic conditions in the State of Mississippi. 

The Company s success depends primarily on the general economic conditions of the State of Mississippi and the specific local markets in which it operates. Unlike larger national or other regional banks that are more geographically diversified, the Company provides banking and financial services to customers primarily in the state of Mississippi. The local economic conditions in this area have a significant impact on the demand for the Company s products and services, as well as the ability of its customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans and the stability of its deposit funding sources.

14

The Company is subject to extensive government regulation and supervision. 

The Company and the Bank are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole, not security holders. These regulations and supervisory guidance affect the Company s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations, and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies or supervisory guidance, including changes in interpretation or implementation or statutes, regulations, policies and supervisory guidance, could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject the Company to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products the Company may offer and/or increase the ability of nonbanks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance could result in enforcement and other legal actions by Federal or state authorities, including criminal and civil penalties, the loss of FDIC insurance, the revocation of a banking charter, civil money penalties, other sanctions by regulatory agencies and/or reputational damage. In this regard, government authorities, including bank regulatory agencies, continue to pursue enforcement agendas with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations.

We are subject to claims and litigation. 

From time to time, customers and others make claims and take legal action pertaining to our performance of our responsibilities. Whether customer claims and legal action related to our performance of our responsibilities are founded or unfounded, or if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect the market perception of us and our products and services, as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

The Company operates in a highly competitive financial services industry. 

The Company faces substantial competition in all areas of its operations from a variety of different competitors, many of which are larger and may have greater financial resources. Such competitors primarily include banks, as well as community banks operating nationwide and regionally within the various markets in which the Company operates. The Company also faces competition from many other types of financial institutions, including savings and loans, credit unions, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, factoring companies and other financial intermediaries. Additionally, fintech developments, such as blockchain and other distributed ledger technologies, have the potential to disrupt the financial industry and change the way banks do business. The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation.

15

Some of the Company s competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. Additionally, due to their size, many of the Company s larger competitors may be able to achieve economies of scale and, as a result, may offer a broader range of products and services as well as better pricing for those products and services than the Company.

The Company s ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including: the ability to develop, maintain and build upon long-term customer relationships based on top quality service, high ethical standards and safe, sound assets; the ability to continue to expand the Company s market position through organic growth and acquisitions; the scope, relevance and pricing of products and services offered to meet customer needs and demands; the rate at which the Company s introduces new products and services relative to its competitors; and industry and general economic trends. Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken the Company s competitive position, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition or results of operations.

We are subject to a variety of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by employees, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We are exposed to many types of operational risks, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, legal and compliance risk, strategic risk, information security risk, and reputational risk. We are also reliant upon our employees, and our operations are subject to the risk of fraud, theft or malfeasance by our employees. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze these risks, however, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated, monitored or identified. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses, we may have to expend resources detecting and correcting the failure in our systems and we may be subject to potential claims from third parties and government agencies. We may also suffer severe reputational damage. Any of these consequences could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In particular, the unauthorized disclosure, misappropriation, mishandling or misuse of personal, non-public, confidential or proprietary information of customers could result in significant regulatory consequences, reputational damage and financial loss.

Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including employee misconduct. 

We have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and will continue to do so. Nonetheless, our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. Many of our methods of managing risk and exposures are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior or statistics based on historical models. During periods of market volatility or due to unforeseen events, the historically derived correlations upon which these methods are based may not be valid. As a result, these methods may not predict future exposures accurately, which could be significantly greater than what our models indicate. This could cause us to incur investment losses or cause our hedging and other risk management strategies to be ineffective. Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible to us, which may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated.

16

Moreover, we are subject to the risks of errors and misconduct by our employees and advisors, such as fraud, non-compliance with policies, recommending transactions that are not suitable, and improperly using or disclosing confidential information. These risks are difficult to detect in advance and deter, and could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. Management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. Insurance and other traditional risk-shifting tools may be held by or available to us in order to manage certain exposures, but they are subject to terms such as deductibles, coinsurance, limits and policy exclusions, as well as risk of counterparty denial of coverage, default or insolvency.

The Company may be required to pay significantly higher FDIC premiums in the future. 

The FDIC insures deposits at FDIC insured financial institutions, including the Bank. The FDIC charges the insured financial institutions premiums to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund at an adequate level. The FDIC may increase these rates and impose additional special assessments in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on future earnings.

The Company s controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented. 

Management regularly reviews and updates the Company s internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden, and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the Company s adherence to financial reporting, disclosure and corporate governance policies and procedures.

The Company may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. 

Financial institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. The Company has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, the Company s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by the Company cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to the Company. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations.

17

The Company relies on third party vendors for a number of key components of its business. 

The Company contracts with a number of third party vendors to support its infrastructure. Many of these vendors are large national companies who are dominant in their area of expertise and would be difficult to quickly replace. Failures of certain vendors to provide services could adversely affect the Company s ability to deliver products and services to its customers, disrupting its business and causing it to incur significant expense. External vendors also present information security risks.

The Company is substantially dependent on dividends from the Bank for its revenues. 

The Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from the Bank, and it receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends from the Bank. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on its common stock and interest and principal on debt. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay to the Company. In the event the Bank is unable to pay dividends to the Company, it may not be able to pay obligations or pay dividends on the Company s common stock. The inability to receive dividends from the Bank could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. The information under the heading Supervision and Regulation in Item 1, Business, provides a discussion about the restrictions governing the Bank s ability to transfer funds to the Company.

Potential acquisitions may disrupt the Company s business and dilute shareholder value. 

From time-to-time, the Company evaluates merger and acquisition opportunities and conducts due diligence activities related to possible transactions with other financial institutions. As a result, merger or acquisition discussions and, in some cases, negotiations may take place, and future mergers or acquisitions involving cash, debt or equity securities may occur at any time. Acquiring other banks, businesses or branches involves various risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including, among other things:

potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the target company;

exposure to potential asset quality issues of the target company;

difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of the target company;

potential disruption to the Company s business;

potential diversion of management s time and attention;

the possible loss of key employees and customers of the target company;

difficulty in estimating the value of the target company; and

potential changes in banking or tax laws or regulations that may affect the target company.

In addition, acquisitions typically involve the payment of a premium over book and market values, and, therefore, some dilution of the Company s tangible book value and net income per common share may occur in connection with any future transaction. Furthermore, failure to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, or other projected benefits from an acquisition could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

18

The Company s information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security. Evolving technologies and the need to protect against and react to cybersecurity risks and electronic fraud requires significant resources. 

The Company relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct its business. Furthermore, the Bank provides its customers the ability to bank online. The secure transmission of confidential information over the Internet is a critical element of online banking. The Company needs to invest in information technology to keep pace with technology changes, and while the Company invests amounts it believes will be adequate, it may fail to invest adequate amounts such that the efficiency of information technology systems fails to meet operational needs. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in its customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. While the Company has policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of the Company s information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will be prevented, and if they occur, that they will be adequately addressed. Additionally, to the extent the Company relies on third party vendors to perform or assist operational functions, the challenge of managing the associated risks becomes more difficult. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of the Company s information systems could damage its reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject the Company to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose it to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

The operational functions of business counterparties may experience similar disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which the Company may have limited or no control. 

Over the course of the past few years, companies such as major retailers have experienced data systems incursions reportedly resulting in the thefts of credit and debit card information, online account information, and other financial data of tens of millions of the retailers customers. Retailer incursions affect cards issued and deposit accounts maintained by many banks, including the Bank. Although the Bank systems are not breached in retailer incursions, these events can cause the Bank to reissue a significant number of cards and take other costly steps to avoid significant theft loss to the Bank and its customers. Other possible points of incursion or disruption not within the Bank s control include internet service providers, electronic mail portal providers, social media portals, distant-server cloud service providers, electronic data security providers, telecommunications companies, and smart phone manufacturers.

The Company continually encounters technological change and we may not have the resources to implement new technology. 

The Company s industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and reduce costs. The Company s future success depends, in part, upon its ability to address the needs of its customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in the Company s operations. Many of the Company s competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. The Company may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the Company s industry could have a material adverse impact on its business and, in turn, the Company s financial condition and results of operations.

19

Consumers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions. 

While the Company continually attempts to use technology to offer new products and services, at the same time, technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks through alternative methods. For example, consumers can now maintain funds in brokerage accounts, mutual funds or use electronic payment methods such as Apple Pay or PayPal, that would have historically been held as bank deposits. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations.

The Company is subject to accounting estimate risks. 

The preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. The Company s most critical estimate is the level of the allowance for credit losses. However, other estimates occasionally become highly significant, especially in volatile situations such as litigation and other loss contingency matters. Estimates are made at specific points in time; as actual events unfold, estimates are adjusted accordingly. Due to the inherent nature of these estimates, it is possible that, at some time in the future, the Company may significantly increase the allowance for credit losses or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the provided allowance, or the Company may make some other adjustment that will differ materially from the estimates that the Company makes today.

Risks Associated With the Company s Common Stock 

The trading volume in the Company s common stock is less than that of other larger bank holding companies. 

The Company s common stock is listed for trading on NASDAQ Global Market. The average daily trading volume in the Company s common stock is low, generally less than that of many of its competitors and other larger bank holding companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of the Company s common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which the Company has no control. Given the lower trading volume of the Company s common stock, significant sales of the Company s common stock, or the expectation of these sales, could cause volatility in the price of the Company s common stock.

20

Issuing additional shares of our common stock to acquire other banks, bank holding companies, financial holding companies and/or insurance agencies may result in dilution for existing shareholders and may adversely affect the market price of our stock. 

We may issue, in the future, shares of our common stock to acquire additional banks, bank holding companies, and other businesses related to the financial services industry that may complement our organizational structure. Resales of substantial amounts of common stock in the public market and the potential of such sales could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. We may be required to pay an acquisition premium above the fair market value of acquired assets for acquisitions. Paying this acquisition premium, in addition to the dilutive effect of issuing additional shares, may also adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock.

The Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, as well as certain banking laws, may have an anti-takeover effect. 

Provisions of the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, which are exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire the Company, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to the Company s shareholders. The combination of these provisions impedes a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of the Company s common stock.

General Risk Factors 

The Company is subject to risk from adverse economic conditions. 

Our operations and profitability are impacted by general business and economic conditions in the State of Mississippi, and the United States. These conditions include recession, short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, money supply, political issues, international conflicts (including the conflict between Ukraine and Russia), legislative and regulatory changes, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, broad trends in industry and finance, and the strength of the U.S. economy and the local economies in which we operate, all of which are beyond our control. A deterioration in economic conditions could result in an increase in loan delinquencies and nonperforming assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and services, among other things, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

Negative perceptions or publicity could damage our reputation among existing and potential customers, investors, employees and advisors. 

Our reputation is one of our most important assets. Our ability to attract and retain customers, investors, employees and advisors is highly dependent upon external perceptions of our company. Damage to our reputation could cause significant harm to our business and prospects and may arise from numerous sources, including litigation or regulatory actions, failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality, compliance failures, any perceived or actual weakness in our financial strength or liquidity, technological, cybersecurity, or other security breaches resulting in improper disclosure of client or employee personal information, unethical behavior and the misconduct of our employees, advisors and counterparties. Negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters could damage our reputation among existing and potential customers, investors, employees and advisors. Adverse developments with respect to our industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny or litigation against us. In addition, the SEC and other federal and state regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts of interest. It is possible that potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions. It is possible also that the regulatory scrutiny of, and litigation in connection with, conflicts of interest will make our clients less willing to enter into transactions in which such a conflict may occur and will adversely affect our businesses. 

21

The Company may not be able to attract and retain skilled people. 

The Company s success depends in part on its ability to retain key executives and to attract and retain additional qualified personnel who have experience both in sophisticated banking matters and in operating a bank of the Company s size. Competition for such personnel is strong in the banking industry, and the Company may not be successful in attracting or retaining the personnel it requires. The unexpected loss of one or more of the Company s key personnel could have a material adverse impact on its business because of their skills, knowledge of the Company s markets, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacements. The Company expects to effectively compete in this area by offering financial packages that are competitive within the industry.

Severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could significantly impact the Company s business. 

The Bank has branches along the coast of Mississippi that are subject to risks from hurricanes from time to time. Severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on the ability of the Company to conduct business. Such events could affect the stability of the Company s deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue or cause the Company to incur additional expenses. The occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

The Company s stock price can be volatile . 

Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock when you want and at prices you find attractive. The Company s stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors including, among other things:

actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations;

recommendations by securities analysts;

operating and stock performance of other companies that to be peers;

perceptions in the marketplace regarding the Company or its competitors;

new technology used, or services offered, by competitors;

significant acquisitions or business combinations involving the Company or its competitors;

failure to integrate acquisitions or realize anticipated benefits from acquisitions;

changes in government regulations; and

volatility affecting the financial markets in general.

22

General market fluctuations, the potential for breakdowns on electronic trading or other platforms for executing securities transactions, industry factors and general economic and political conditions could cause the Company s stock price to decrease regardless of operating results.

Climate change and societal responses to climate change could adversely affect the Company s business and results of operations, including indirectly through impact to its customers. 

The current and anticipated effects of climate change are creating an increasing level of concern for the state of the global environment. As a result, political and social attention to the issue of climate change has increased. In recent years, governments across the world have entered into international agreements to attempt to reduce global temperatures, in part by limiting greenhouse gas emissions. The United States Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies have continued to propose and advance numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives seeking to mitigate the effects of climate change. These agreements and measures may result in the imposition of taxes and fees, the required purchase of emission credits and the implementation of significant operational changes, each of which may require businesses to expend significant capital and incur compliance, operating, maintenance and remediation costs. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns.

It is not possible to predict how climate change may impact the Company s financial condition and operations; however, the Company s operates in areas where its business and the activities of its customers could be impacted by the effects of climate change. The effects of climate change may include increased frequency or severity of weather-related events, such as severe storms, hurricanes, flooding and droughts and rising sea levels. These effects can disrupt business operations, damage property, devalue assets and change customer and business preferences, which may adversely affect borrowers, increase credit risk and reduce demand for the Company s products and services. The Company and its customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. The Company and its customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes and the like. The impact to the Company s customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. In addition, the Company could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. The Company s efforts to take these risks into account may not be effective in protecting it from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior and could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations.

ITEM 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.

None.

23

ITEM 2.

PROPERTIES.

The Company, through the Bank, currently operates from its main office in downtown Philadelphia, Mississippi, and from 27 additional branches in Neshoba, Newton, Leake, Lamar, Forrest, Scott, Attala, Lauderdale, Lafayette, Oktibbeha, Rankin, Madison, Harrison, Jackson, Winston, and Kemper counties, Mississippi. Information about these branches, the Bank s main office and its loan production office is set forth in the table below:

LOCATION/ 
			 
			 BANKING 

FUNCTIONS 

NAME OF OFFICE 

TELEPHONE NUMBER 

OFFERED 

Main Office

521 Main Street

Full Service;

Philadelphia, Mississippi

24 Hour Teller

(601) 656-4692

Eastside Branch

599 East Main Street

Full Service;

Philadelphia, Mississippi

24 Hour Teller

(601) 656-4976

Westside Branch

912 West Beacon Street

Full Service;

Philadelphia, Mississippi

24 Hour Teller

(601) 656-4978

Northside Branch

802 Pecan Avenue

Deposits;

Philadelphia, Mississippi

24 Hour Teller

(601) 656-4977

Union Branch

502 Bank Street

Full Service

Union, Mississippi

24 Hour Teller

(601) 774-9231

Carthage Branch

301 West Main Street

Full Service

Carthage, Mississippi

24 Hour Teller

(601) 267-4525

Flowood Branch

2845 Lakeland Drive

Deposits; Loans

Flowood, Mississippi

(601) 992-7688

Ridgeland Branch

320 Highway 51 North

Deposits; Loans

Ridgeland, Mississippi

(601) 519-4020

Sebastopol Branch

24 Pine Street

Full Service;

Sebastopol, Mississippi

24-Hour Teller

(601) 625-7447

24

DeKalb Branch

176 Main Avenue

Full Service

DeKalb, Mississippi

(601) 743-2115

Kosciusko Branch

775 North Jackson Avenue

Full Service;

Kosciusko, Mississippi

24-hour Teller

(662) 289-4356

Scooba Branch

27597 Highway 16 East

Full Service

Scooba, Mississippi

(662) 476-8431

Meridian Eastgate Branch

1825 Highway 39 North

Full Service;

Meridian, Mississippi

24-Hour Teller

(601) 693-8367

Decatur Branch

15330 Highway 15 South

Full Service;

Decatur, Mississippi

24-Hour Teller

(601) 635-2321

Forest Branch

247 Woodland Drive North

Full Service;

Forest, Mississippi

24-Hour Teller

(601) 469-3424

Louisville Main Branch

906 S Columbus Avenue

Full Service;

Louisville, MS

24 Hour Teller

(662) 773-6261

Louisville Industrial Branch

1760 S Church Avenue

Drive-Up

Louisville, MS

(662) 773-6261

Noxapater Branch

45 East Main Street

Deposits

Noxapater, MS

(662) 724-4261

Starkville Branch

201 Highway 12 West

Full Service;

Starkville, MS 39759

24 Hour Teller

(662) 323-1420

Collinsville Branch

9065 Collinsville Road

Full Service;

Collinsville, MS 39325

24 Hour Teller

(601) 626-7608

Hattiesburg

6222 Highway 98 West

Full Service

Hattiesburg, MS 39402

24 Hour Teller

(601) 264-4425

25

Biloxi Lemoyne

15309 Lemoyne Boulevard

Full Service;

Biloxi, MS 39532

24 Hour Teller

(228) 207-2343

Biloxi Cedar Lake

1830 Popps Ferry Road

Full Service

Biloxi, MS 39532

24 Hour Teller

(228) 594-6913

Oxford Branch

902 Sisk Avenue,

Full Service

Suite E

24 Hour Teller

Oxford, MS 38655

Gulfport Branch

12008 Hwy 49

Full Service

Gulfport, MS 39503

24 Hour Teller

(228) 831-3535

Ocean Springs Branch

2702 Bienville Blvd

Full Service

Ocean Springs, MS 39564

24 Hour Teller

(228) 875-3933

Pascagoula Branch

1519 Jackson Ave

Full Service

Pascagoula, MS 39567

24 Hour Teller

(228) 762-3330

The Bank owns its offices, except for the Gulfport Branch and the Oxford Branch, each of which is leased. The main office facility, originally occupied in 1966, is used solely by the Company and the Bank. This facility contains approximately 20,000 square feet and houses the executive offices and all operations-related departments of the Company. The other branches range in size from nearly 1,000 square feet to 12,000 square feet.

ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

There are no material pending legal proceedings, other than routine litigation incidental to their business, to which either the Company or the Bank is a party or to which any of their property is subject.

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.

Not applicable.

26

PART II

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

Information required in partial response to this Item 5 can be found under the heading Market Price and Dividend Information in the 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders, a copy of which is filed as an Exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such information in incorporated herein by reference.

There were no unregistered sales of equity securities not covered by the filing of a Form 10-Q or Form 8-K during the period covered by this filing. There were no repurchases of equity securities not covered by the filing of a Form 10-Q or Form 8-K during the period covered by this filing.

ITEM 6.

[RESERVED]

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

Information required in response to this Item 7 can be found under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in the 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders, a copy of which is filed as an Exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

Information required in response to this Item 7A can be found under the headings Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in the 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders, a copy of which is filed as an Exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

27

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

Information required in response to this Item 8 can be found under the heading Consolidated Financial Statements and Quarterly Financial Trends in the 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders, a copy of which is filed as an Exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

None.

ITEM 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The management of this Company, with the participation of its principal executive and financial officers, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, including ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on such evaluation, the Company s principal executive and financial officers have concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 (the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K).

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Information required in response to this item can be found under the headings Management s Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements contained in its 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders, a copy of which is filed as an Exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes to the internal control over financial reporting in the fourth quarter of 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B.

OTHER INFORMATION.

None.

ITEM 9C.

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS.

Not applicable.

28

PART III

ITEM 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

Information required in partial response to this Item 10 can be found under the heading Executive Officers of the Registrant in Item 1, Business, and under the headings Stock Ownership and Board of Directors in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC on or about March 17, 2023, relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct in compliance with Item 406 of Regulation S-K for the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller. Copies of both the Code of Ethics and the Code of Conduct can be found on the Company s website: https://www.thecitizensbankphila.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance/ The Company intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Ethics and the Code of Conduct by posting information on the Company s website at the address specified above.

ITEM 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

Information required in response to this Item 11 can be found under the headings Board of Directors, Executive Officers and Executive Compensation, Report of the Compensation Committee, and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC on or about March 17, 2023, relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

Information required in partial response to this Item 12 can be found under the heading Stock Ownership in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC on or about March 17, 2023, relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

29

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table provides information about the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022.

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 

(a) 

Number of securities 

to be issued upon 

exercise of 

outstanding options, 

warrants and rights 

(b) 

Weighted-average 

exercise price of 

outstanding options, 

warrants and rights 

(c) 

Number of securities 

remaining available for 

future issuance under 

equity compensation plans 

(excluding securities 

in column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

-0- 

0.00 

270,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders

-0- 

0.00 

-0- 

Total

-0- 

0.00 

270,000 

(1) 

Consists of the 1999 Directors Stock Compensation Plan and the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan.

ITEM 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.

Information required in response to this Item 13 can be found under the heading Board of Directors in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC on or about March 17, 2023, relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.

Information required in response to this Item 14 can be found under the heading Proposal No. 3, Appointment of HORNE LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC on or about March 17, 2023, relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

30

PART IV

ITEM 15.

EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

(a)

Financial Statements

1.

Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Information for years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, which include the following:

(i)

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Financial Statements and Internal Control)

(ii) 
			 
			 Management s Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

(iii) 
			 
			 Consolidated Statements of Condition

(iv) 
			 
			 Consolidated Statements of Income

(v) 
			 
			 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

(vi) 
			 
			 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity

(vii) 
			 
			 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(viii) 
			 
			 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2.

Financial Statement Schedules

None.

3.

Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description of Document 

Form 

Filing Date 

Exhibit 

Number 

SEC File 

No. 

2.1

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 21, 2019, by and among Citizens Holding Company, The Citizens Bank of Philadelphia and Charter Bank 

8-K

May 21, 2019

2.1

000-25221

3(i)

Restated Articles of Incorporation of Citizens Holding Company 

10-Q

May 10, 2017

3(A)

000-25221

3(ii)

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Citizens Holding Company, as amended 

10-Q

May 10, 2017

3(B)

000-25221

4

Description of Common Stock 

000-25221

10(1)

Citizens Holding Company Revolving Credit Loan Agreement 

8-K

June 14, 2021

10(1)

000-25221

10(a)

Directors Deferred Compensation Plan - Form of Agreement 

10/A

June 21, 1999

10

000-25221

10(b)

Citizens Holding Company 1999 Directors Stock Compensation Plan 

10/A

June 21, 1999

10(A)

000-25221

10(c)

Citizens Holding Company 1999 Employees Long-Term Incentive Plan 

10/A

June 21, 1999

10(B)

000-25221

10(d)

Change in Control Agreement dated December 10, 2002 between Citizens Holding Company and Greg L. McKee 

10-K

March 31, 2003

10(D)

000-25221

10(e)

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 

10-K

March 16, 2005

10(F)

000-25221

10(f)

Citizens Holding Company 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan 

DEF-14A

March 21, 2013

A

000-25221

10(g)

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Citizens Holding Company 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan 

8-K

April 25, 2013

10.1

000-25221

31

10(h)

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Citizens Holding Company 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan 

8-K

April 25, 2013

10.2

000-25221

10(i)

Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement under the Citizens Holding Company 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan 

8-K

April 25, 2013

10.3

000-25221

10(j)

Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the Citizens Holding Company 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan 

8-K

April 25, 2013

10.4

000-25221

10(k)

Form of Voting Agreement, between Citizens Holding Company and certain shareholders of Charter Bank (included as an exhibit to the Agreement and Plan of Merger attached as Exhibit 2.1) 

8-K

May 21, 2019

2.1

000-25221

13

2022 Annual Report to Shareholders + 

000-25221

14

Code of Ethics 

10-K

March 26, 2004

000-25221

21

Subsidiaries of Citizens Holding Company + 

000-25221

23

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm + 

31.1

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer + 

000-25221

31.2

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer + 

000-25221

32.1

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer ++ 

000-25221

32.2

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer ++ 

000-25221

101

Inline XBRL Exhibits +

000-25221

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K

+

Filed herewith

++

Furnished herewith

As updated on Citizens Holding Company s website, https://www.thecitizensbankphila.com/investor-relations/ 

ITEM 16.

FORM 10-K SUMMARY.

The Company has elected not to include summary information.

32

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY

Date: March 16, 2023

By: /s/ Greg McKee 

Greg McKee

Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated:

SIGNATURES

CAPACITIES

DATE

/s/ Stacy M. Brantley 

Director, President and

March 16, 2023

Stacy M. Brantley

Chief Executive Officer

The Citizens Bank

/s/ Greg McKee 

Director,

March 16, 2023 

Greg McKee

Chief Executive Officer

Citizens Holding Company

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Phillip R. Branch 

Treasurer, Chief Financial

March 16, 2023

Phillip R. Branch

Officer

(Principal Financial Accounting

Officer)

/s/ Craig Dungan 

Director

March 16, 2023

Craig Dungan, MD

/s/ Jason R. Voyles 

Director

March 16, 2023

Jason R. Voyles

/s/ Donald L. Kilgore 

Director

March 16, 2023

Donald L. Kilgore

/s/ David A. King 

Director

March 16, 2023

David A. King

/s/ Herbert A. King 

Chairman of the Board

March 16, 2023

Herbert A. King

/s/ Adam Mars 

Director

March 16, 2023

Adam Mars

/s/ David P. Webb 

Director

March 16, 2023

David P. Webb

/s/ Jane Crosswhite 

Director

March 16, 2023

Jane Crosswhite

/s/ Terrell E. Winstead 

Director

March 16, 2023

Terrell E. Winstead

/s/ Gregory E. Cronin 

Director 
			 
			 March 16, 2023

Gregory E. Cronin

33

<EX-4>
 2
 ex_485793.htm
 EXHIBIT 4

ex_485793.htm 

Exhibit 4 Description of Common Stock 

As of December 31, 2022, the only class of securities of the Company registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is our common stock, .20 par value common stock ). The following summary of our common stock is based on and qualified by our Restated Articles of Incorporation (the articles of incorporation ), our Bylaws, as amended (the bylaws and applicable provisions of Mississippi law, including the Mississippi Business Corporation Act. This summary is not complete. For a complete description of the terms and provisions of our common stock refer to the certificate of incorporation and bylaws both of which are filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

COMMON STOCK 

 We have authorized 22,500,000 shares of common stock, .20 par value. The common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Its symbol is CIZN. 

Dividend Rights 

 Holders of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared by our Board of Directors, in its discretion, out of funds legally available therefore. 

Voting Rights 

 Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by our shareholders, including the election of directors. Under the Mississippi Business Corporation Act, an affirmative vote of the majority of the shareholders present at a meeting is sufficient in order to take most shareholder actions. Certain extraordinary actions, such as mergers and share exchanges, require the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote. 

Liquidation Rights 

 In the event of the liquidation of the Company, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive pro rata any assets distributed to shareholders with respect to their shares, after payment of all debts and payments to holders of our preferred stock, if any. 

Preemptive Rights 

 Holders of common stock have no right to subscribe to additional shares of capital stock that may be issued by us. 

Liability for Calls and Assessments 

 The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Other Information 

 Holders of common stock have no conversion, redemption or call rights related to their shares. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions Under Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

 Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may delay, deter or inhibit a future acquisition of us not approved by our Board of Directors. Such a result could occur even if our shareholders are offered an attractive value for their shares or even if a majority of our shareholders believe the takeover is in their best interest. 

For example, our articles of incorporation authorize our Board of Directors to issue authorized and unissued shares of common stock without shareholder approval or to issue a series of preferred stock without any further approval from our shareholders, with the designations, preferences and relative rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions, as the Board of Directors determines in its discretion. 

Our bylaws include restrictions on the ability of a shareholder to call a special shareholder meeting and also establish advance notice procedures for the nomination of candidates for election to the Board of Directors by persons other than the Board of Directors and require that such a shareholder provide detailed information about the nominee and satisfy certain other conditions. 

These provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions are intended to encourage any person interested in acquiring us to negotiate with and obtain the approval of our Board of Directors in connection with any such transaction. 

</EX-4>

<EX-13>
 3
 ex_452680.htm
 EXHIBIT 13

ex_452680.htm 

Exhibit 13 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders 

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY 

Philadelphia, Mississippi 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , PCAOB ID #: 

1-2 

Management s Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

3 4 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 

5 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

6 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

7 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

8 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

9 10 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

11 67 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Citizens Holding Company 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Citizens Holding Company and Subsidiary (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting in accordance with PCAOB standards. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with PCAOB standards. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of this critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

1

Allowance for Loan Losses 

As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the financial statements, the Company's allowance for loan losses, allowance ), is a valuation allowance that reflects the Company's estimation of incurred losses in its loan portfolio to the extent they are both probable and reasonable to estimate. The allowance for loan losses was 5,264,000 at December 31, 2022, which consists of two components; the allowance for loans individually evaluated for impairment and the allowance for loans collectively evaluated for impairment ("general reserves"). 

The Company's general reserves include reserves based on historical charge-off factors and qualitative general reserve factors. The component for qualitative general reserve factors involves an evaluation of items which are not yet reflected in the factors for historical charge-offs including changes in: lending policies and procedures, economic and business conditions, nature and volume of the portfolio, lending staff, volume and severity of delinquent loans, loan review systems, collateral values, and concentrations of credit. The evaluation of these items results in qualitative general reserve factors, which contribute significantly to the general reserve component of the estimate of the allowance for loan losses. 

We identified management s estimate of the aggregate effect of the qualitative reserve factors on the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter as it involved subjective auditor judgment. Management's determination of qualitative general reserve factors involved especially subjective judgment because management's estimate relies on qualitative analysis to determine the quantitative impact the items have on the allowance. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Evaluation of loans excluded from the qualitative general reserve calculation for propriety of classification. 

Evaluation of the completeness and accuracy of data inputs used as a basis for the adjustments relating to the qualitative general reserve factors. 

Evaluation of the reasonableness of management's judgments related to the qualitative general reserve factors through a quantitative and quantitative assessment of the data used in the determination of qualitative general reserve factors and the resulting allocation to the allowance. Our evaluation considered the weight of confirming and disconfirming evidence from internal and external sources, loan portfolio performance and third-party data, and whether management s significant assumptions were applied consistently period to period. 

Evaluation of how management addressed estimation uncertainty in determining the qualitative general reserve factors through considering alternative assumptions or outcomes, and how management determined the final qualitative factor adjustments were reasonable. 

/s/ Horne LLP 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1998. 

Memphis, Tennessee 

 March 16, 2023 

2

Report on Management s Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Citizens Holding Company (the Company is responsible for the preparation, integrity and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. The consolidated financial statements and notes included in this annual report have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and necessarily include some amounts that are based on management s best estimates and judgments. 

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

The system of internal control over financial reporting as it relates to the financial statements is evaluated for effectiveness by management and tested for reliability through a program of internal audits. Actions are taken to correct potential deficiencies as they are identified. Any system of internal control, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden, and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. 

3

Citizens Holding Company 

 Page Two 

Management, with the participation of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in the Internal Control Integrated Framework, (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Greg L. McKee 
			 Phillip R. Branch 

Chief Executive Officer 
			 Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

March 16, 2023 

4

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(in thousands, except share data) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest bearing deposits with other banks 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost 

Securities available for sale, at fair value 

Loans held for investment ("LHFI"), net of unearned income 

Less allowance for loan losses, LHFI 

Net LHFI 

Bank premises, furniture, fixtures and equipment, net 

Other real estate owned, net 

Accrued interest receivable 

Cash surrender value of life insurance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Identifiable intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Deposits 

Non-interest bearing deposits 

Interest bearing deposits 

Total deposits 

Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 

Borrowings on secured line of credit 

Accrued interest payable 

Deferred compensation payable 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders' equity 

Common stock, .20 par value, authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss), net of tax benefit of in 2022 and in 2021 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

5

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest income 

Interest and fees on loans 

Interest on securities 

Taxable 

Non-taxable 

Other interest 

Total interest income 

Interest expense 

Deposits 

Other borrowed funds 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Non-interest income 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Other service charges and fees 

Net gains on sales of securities 

Other income 

Total non-interest income 

Non-interest expense 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy expense 

Equipment expense 

Write down on other real estate 

Other expense 

Total non-interest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Net income per share basic 

Net income per share diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

6

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities 

Income tax effect 

Net unrealized (losses) gains 

Amortization of net unrealized losses transferred during the period 

Income tax effect 

Net unrealized losses 

Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income 

Income tax effect 

Net gains included in net income 

Total other comprehensive (loss) income 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

7

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 

Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(in thousands, except share data) 

Accumulated 

Number 

Additional 

Other 

of Shares 

Common 

Paid-In 

Comprehensive 

Retained 

Issued 

Stock 

Capital 

(Loss) Income 

Earnings 

Total 

Balance, January 1, 2020 

Net income 

- 

Dividends paid per share) 

- 

Options exercised 

Restricted stock granted 

Restricted stock forfeited 

Stock compensation expense 

- 

Other comprehensive income, net 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net income 

- 

Dividends paid per share) 

- 

Restricted stock granted 

Stock compensation expense 

- 

Other comprehensive loss, net 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net income 

- 

Dividends paid per share) 

- 

Restricted stock granted 

Stock compensation expense 

- 

Other comprehensive loss, net 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

8

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

1 of 2 

(in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on investment securities, net 

Stock compensation expense 

Provision for loan losses 

Gain on sale of securities 

Gain from death benefit proceeds on BOLI 

(Gain) loss on sale of fixed assets 

Impairment loss on fixed assets 

Net gain on sale of other real estate owned 

Deferred income tax expense 

Writedown on other real estate owned 

(Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable 

Increase in cash surrender value life insurance 

Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable 

Increase (decrease) in deferred compensation liability 

Net change in other operating assets and liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of securities held-to-maturity 

Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale 

Purchases of investment securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds from sale of FHLB stock 

Decrease in federal funds sold 

Death benefit proceeds from bank-owned life insurance 

Purchases of bank premises, furniture, fixtures and equipment 

9

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

2 of 2 

(in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Proceeds from sales of bank premises, furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned 

Purchases of FHLB stock 

Net change in loans 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net change in deposits 

Net increase (decrease) in securities sold under agreement to repurchase 

Proceeds from borrowings on secured line of credit 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Dividends paid to shareholders 

Net (decrease) increase in FHLB advances 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and due from banks 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash paid for 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Noncash disclosures 

Real estate acquired by foreclosure 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

10

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

days past due as to principal or interest; however, management may elect to continue the accrual when the estimated net realizable value of collateral is sufficient to cover the principal balance and the accrued interest. Interest income on other nonaccrual loans is recognized only to the extent of interest payments. 

, specific reserves on an individual loan basis may be applied. The specific reserve is then added to the general reserve calculated using the model. The general reserve is calculated only on loans that have not been individually assessed for a specific reserve. This specific reserve is determined by review of the borrower s credit history, capacity to pay, adequacy of collateral and general economic conditions related to the respective loan. This specific reserve will stay in place until such time that the borrower s obligation is satisfied or the loan is greatly improved. 

to years. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but are tested at least annually for impairment. Fair values are determined based on market valuation multiples for the Company and comparable businesses based on the assets and cash flow of the Bank, the Company s only reportable segment. If impairment has occurred, the goodwill or other intangible asset is reduced to its estimated fair value through a charge to expense. 

Dilutive effect of stock options 

Dilutive weighted average shares outstanding 

Net income 

Net income per share-basic 

Net income per share-diluted 

, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

and . This will be recorded as an adjustment to retained earnings during 2023 and the Company has elected to phase-in the impact for regulatory capital purposes over the next 3 years. 

State, County, Municipals 

Other securities 

Total 

Mortgage-backed securities 

State, County, Municipals 

Other securities 

Total 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities HTM and the corresponding amounts of gross unrealized gains and losses at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Mortgage-backed securities 

State, County, Municipals 

Total 

There were no securities held-to-maturity at December 31, 2021. 

The following tables show the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company s investments classified as AFS and HTM investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

A summary of unrealized loss information for AFS and HTM securities, categorized by security type follows: 

State, County, Municipal 

Other securities 

Total 

Mortgage backed securities 

State, County, Municipal 

Total 

Mortgage backed securities 

State, County, Municipal 

Other securities 

Total 

The unrealized losses shown above are due to increases in market rates over the yields available at the time of purchase of the underlying securities and not credit quality. The Company does not intend to sell any of the securities in an unrealized loss position, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell any such security prior to the recovery of its amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. None of the unrealized losses disclosed in the previous tables are related to credit deterioration. As such, the Company did not record any other-than-temporary impairment for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities at December 31, 2022, by contractual maturity and investment type, are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Residential mortgage backed securities 

Commercial mortgage backed securities 

Total 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Residential mortgage backed securities 

Commercial mortgage backed securities 

Total 

Investment securities with carrying amounts of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, were pledged as collateral for public deposits and securities sold under agreement to repurchase. 

Gross realized gains and losses are included in net gains on sales of securities in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Total gross realized gains and gross realized losses from the sale of investment securities for each of the years ended December 31 were: 

Gross realized losses 

Net realized gains 

and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and is included in other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The Company purchased stock in 2022 and 2021 at the par value of per share. 

Farmland 

1-4 Family Mortgages 

Commercial Real Estate 

Total Real Estate Loans 

Business Loans: 

Commercial and Industrial Loans (1) 

Farm Production and Other Farm Loans 

Total Business Loans 

Consumer Loans: 

Credit Cards 

Other Consumer Loans 

Total Consumer Loans 

Total Gross Loans 

Unearned Income 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

Loans, net 

(1) 
			 
			 and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

footnote 

The Company has certain lending policies and procedures in place that are designed to maximize loan income within an acceptable level of risk. Management reviews these policies and procedures and submits them to the Company s Board of Directors for its approval when needed, but no less frequently than annually. A reporting system supplements the review process by providing management with frequent reports related to loan production, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies and non-performing and potential problem loans. Diversification in the loan portfolio is a means of managing risk associated with fluctuations in economic conditions. 

The Company maintains an independent loan review department that reviews and validates the credit risk program on a periodic basis. Results of this review are presented to management with quarterly reports made to the board of directors. The loan review process complements and reinforces the risk identification and assessment decisions made by the lenders and credit personnel, as well as the Company s policies and procedures. 

Loans are made principally to customers in the Company s market. The Company s lending policy provides that loans collateralized by real estate are normally made with loan-to-value LTV ratios of percent or less. Commercial loans are typically collateralized by property, equipment, inventories or receivables with LTV ratios from percent to percent. Residential real estate mortgage loans are collateralized by personal residences with LTV ratios of percent or less. Consumer loans are typically collateralized by real estate, vehicles and other consumer durable goods. Approximately and of the loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were variable rate loans. 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company has granted loans to certain directors, significant shareholders and their affiliates (collectively referred to as related parties ). These loans were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other unaffiliated persons and do not involve more than normal risk of collectability. Activity in related party loans during 2022 is presented in the following table. 

Principal additions 

Principal reductions 

Balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 

In addition to the loans outstanding above, the Company has an outstanding letter of credit with one of the Company s directors with availability of at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The letter of credit was not drawn on during 2022 or 2021. The letter of credit was made on substantially the same terms as comparable transactions with other unaffiliated persons. 

Loans are considered to be past due if the required principal and interest payments have not been received as of the date such payments were due. Loans are placed on non-accrual status, when, in management s opinion, the borrower may be unable to meet payment obligations as they become due, as well as when required by regulatory provisions. Loans may be placed on non-accrual status regardless of whether such loans are considered past due. When interest accruals are discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Interest income is subsequently recognized only to the extent cash payments are received in excess of principal due. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 

Year-end non-accrual loans, segregated by class of loans, were as follows: 

Farmland 

1-4 Family Mortgages 

Commercial Real Estate 

Total Real Estate Loans 

Business Loans: 

Commercial and Industrial Loans 

Farm Production and Other Farm Loans 

Total Business Loans 

Consumer Loans: 

Other Consumer Loans 

Total Consumer Loans 

Total Non-accrual Loans 

In the event that non-accrual loans had performed in accordance with their original terms, the Company would have recognized additional interest income of approximately , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

An age analysis of past due loans, segregated by class of loans, as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Farmland 

1-4 Family Mortgages 

Commercial Real Estate 

Total Real Estate Loans 

Business Loans: 

Commercial and Industrial Loans 

Farm Production and Other Farm Loans 

Total Business Loans 

Consumer Loans: 

Credit Cards 

Other Consumer Loans 

Total Consumer Loans 

Total Loans 

An age analysis of past due loans, segregated by class of loans, as of December 31, 2021 is as follows: 

Farmland 

1-4 Family Mortgages 

Commercial Real Estate 

Total Real Estate Loans 

Business Loans: 

Commercial and Industrial Loans 

Farm Production and Other Farm Loans 

Total Business Loans 

Consumer Loans: 

Credit Cards 

Other Consumer Loans 

Total Consumer Loans 

Total Loans 

Loans are considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable the Company will be unable to collect all the amounts due in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan agreement, including scheduled principal and interest payments. In determining which loans to evaluate for impairment, management looks at past due loans, bankruptcy filings and any situation that might lend itself to cause a borrower to be unable to repay the loan according to the original contract terms on those loans in excess of . If a loan is determined to be impaired and the collateral is deemed to be insufficient to fully repay the loan, a specific reserve will be established. Interest payments on impaired loans are typically applied to principal unless collectability of the principal amount is reasonably assured, in which case interest is recognized on a cash basis. Impaired loans or portions thereof, are charged-off when deemed uncollectible. 

Impaired loans as of December 31, by class of loans, are as follows: 

Farmland 

1-4 Family Mortgages 

Commercial Real Estate 

Total Real Estate Loans 

Business: 

Commercial and Industrial 

Total Business Loans 

Total Loans 

Farmland 

1-4 Family Mortgages 

Commercial Real Estate 

Total Real Estate Loans 

Business: 

Commercial and Industrial 

Total Business Loans 

Total Loans 

The Company classified one new commercial real estate loan as a TDR for the year ended December 31, 2022 and no new TDRs were added in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Changes in the Company s troubled debt restructurings are set forth in the table below: 

Reductions due to: 

Principal paydowns 

Total at December 31, 2021 

Reductions due to: 

Reclassification to OREO 

Principal paydowns 

Total at December 31, 2022 

Additions 

Reductions due to: 

Principal paydowns 

Total at December 31, 2023 

The allocated allowance for loan losses attributable to restructured loans was and - - at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company had no commitments to lend additional funds on these TDRs at December 31, 2022. 

The Company utilizes a risk grading matrix to assign a risk grade to each of its loans when originated and is updated as factors related to the strength of the loan changes. Loans are graded on a scale of 1 to 9. A description of the general characteristics of the 9 risk grades is as follows. 

Grade 1. MINIMAL RISK - These loans are without loss exposure to the Company. This classification is reserved for only the best, well secured loans to borrowers with significant capital strength, low leverage, stable earnings and growth and other readily available financing alternatives. This type of loan would also include loans secured by a program of the government. 

Grade 2. MODEST RISK - These loans include borrowers with solid credit quality and moderate risk of loss. These loans may be fully secured by certificates of deposit with another reputable financial institution, or secured by readily marketable securities with acceptable margins. 

Grade 3. AVERAGE RISK - This is the rating assigned to most of the loans held by the Company. This includes loans with average loss exposure and average overall quality. These loans should liquidate through possessing adequate collateral and adequate earnings of the borrower. In addition, these loans are properly documented and are in accordance with all aspects of the current loan policy. 

Grade 4. ACCEPTABLE RISK - Borrower generates sufficient cash flow to fund debt service but most working asset and capital expansion needs are provided from external sources. Profitability and key balance sheet ratios are usually close to peers but one or more may not align with peers. 

Grade 5. MANAGEMENT ATTENTION - Borrower has potential weaknesses resulting from performance trends or management concerns. The financial condition of the borrower has taken a negative turn and may be temporarily strained. Cash flow is weak but cash reserves remain adequate to meet debt service. Management weakness is evident. 

Grade 6. OTHER LOANS ESPECIALLY MENTIONED OLEM - Loans in this category are fundamentally sound but possess some weaknesses. OLEM loans have weaknesses, which may, if not checked or corrected, weaken the asset or inadequately protect the Bank's credit position at some future date. These loans have an identifiable weakness in credit, collateral, or repayment ability but there is no expectation of loss. 

Grade 7. SUBSTANDARD ASSETS - Assets classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Assets classified as substandard must have a well-defined weakness based upon objective evidence. Assets classified as substandard are characterized by the distinct possibility that the insured institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. The possibility that liquidation would not be timely requires a substandard classification even if there is little likelihood of total loss. 

Grade 8. DOUBTFUL - A loan classified as doubtful has all the weaknesses of a substandard classification and the added characteristic that the weakness makes collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable or improbable. The possibility of loss is extremely high, but because of certain important and reasonable specific pending factors that may work to the advantage and strengthening of the asset, its classification as an estimated loss is deferred until its more exact status may be determined. A doubtful classification could reflect the fact that the primary source of repayment is gone and serious doubt exists as to the quality of a secondary source of repayment. 

Grade 9. LOSS - Loans classified loss are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the asset has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless asset even though partial recovery may occur in the future. Also included in this classification is the defined loss portion of loans rated substandard assets and doubtful assets. 

These internally assigned grades are updated on a continual basis throughout the course of the year and represent management s most updated judgment regarding grades at December 31, 2022. 

The following table details the amount of gross loans by loan grade and class for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Farmland 

1-4 Family Mortgages 

Commercial Real Estate 

Total Real Estate Loans 

Business Loans: 

Commercial and Industrial Loans 

Farm Production and Other Farm Loans 

Total Business Loans 

Consumer Loans: 

Credit Cards 

Other Consumer Loans 

Total Consumer Loans 

Total Loans 

The following table details the amount of gross loans by loan grade and class for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Farmland 

1-4 Family Mortgages 

Commercial Real Estate 

Total Real Estate Loans 

Business Loans: 

Commercial and Industrial Loans 

Farm Production and Other Farm Loans 

Total Business Loans 

Consumer Loans: 

Credit Cards 

Other Consumer Loans 

Total Consumer Loans 

Total Loans 

The following table details activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment for the years ended December 31: 

Provision for loan losses 

Chargeoffs 

Recoveries 

Net chargeoffs 

Ending Balance 

Period end allowance allocated to: 

Loans individually evaluated for impairment 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Ending Balance 

Provision for loan losses 

Chargeoffs 

Recoveries 

Net chargeoffs 

Ending Balance 

Period end allowance allocated to: 

Loans individually evaluated for impairment 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Ending Balance 

Provision for loan losses 

Chargeoffs 

Recoveries 

Net chargeoffs 

Ending Balance 

Period end allowance allocated to: 

Loans individually evaluated for impairment 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Ending Balance 

The Company s recorded investment in loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to each balance in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment and disaggregated on the basis of the Company s impairment methodology was as follows: 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Net chargeoffs (recoveries), segregated by class of loans, were as follows: 

Farmland 

1-4 Family Mortgages 

Commercial Real Estate 

Total Real Estate Loans 

Business Loans: 

Commercial and Industrial Loans 

Farm Production and Other Farm Loans 

Total Business Loans 

Consumer Loans: 

Credit Cards 

Other Consumer Loans 

Total Consumer Loans 

Total net (recoveries) chargeoffs 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was , , and . 

The Company leases certain premises and equipment under operating leases. At December 31, 2022, the Company had lease liabilities and right-of-use ROU assets totaling related to these leases. Lease liabilities and ROU assets are reflected in other liabilities and other assets, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases was years and the weighted average discount rate used in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was . 

Lease costs were as follows: 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

There were no sale and leaseback transactions, leverage leases or lease transactions with related parties during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

A maturity analysis of operating lease liabilities and reconciliation of the undiscounted cash flows to the total operating lease liability is as follows: 

After one year but within two years 

After two years but within three years 

After three year but within four years 

After four years but within five years 

After five years 

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Discount on cash flows 

Total lease liability 

Addition to goodwill from acquisition 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Addition to goodwill from acquisition 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

There were no changes to goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company performed a goodwill impairment test for 2022 and concluded that no impairment charge was required. 

The following table provides a summary of finite-lived intangible assets as of the dates presented: 

Accumulated amortization 

Total finite-lived intangible assets 

Core deposit intangible amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The estimated amortization expense of finite-lived intangible assets for the five succeeding fiscal years is summarized as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

NOW and money market accounts 

Savings deposits 

Time deposits, 250,000 or more 

Other time deposits 

Total 

The scheduled maturities of time deposits at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Federal funds purchased 

Federal Home Loan Bank short-term advances 

Total short-term borrowings 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase repurchase agreements represent funds received from customers, generally on an overnight or continuous basis, which are collateralized by investment securities owned or, at times, borrowed and re-hypothecated by the Company. The securities used as collateral consist primarily of U.S. Government agency mortgage-backed securities, U.S. Government agency collateralized mortgage obligations, obligations of U.S. Government agencies, and obligations of states and political subdivisions. All securities are maintained by the Company s safekeeping agents. These securities are reviewed by the Company on a daily basis, and the Company may be required to provide additional collateral due to changes in the fair market value of these securities. The terms of the Company s repurchase agreements are continuous but may be canceled at any time by the Company or the customer. 

Federal funds purchased are short term borrowings, generally overnight borrowings, between financial institutions that are generally used to maintain reserve requirements at the Federal Reserve Bank or elsewhere. 

FHLB short-term advances are borrowings with original maturities of less than one year. Interest is payable monthly. Pursuant to collateral agreements with the FHLB, advances are collateralized by all of the Bank s FHLB stock and qualifying first mortgages and other loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance in qualifying first mortgages and other loans was and respectively. 

The average balances and cost of funds of short-term borrowings for the years ending December 31 are summarized as follows: 

Federal funds purchased 

Federal Home Loan Bank short-term advances 

Total short-term borrowings 

Total long-term debt 

Secured line of credit 

On June 9, 2021, the Company obtained a secured revolving line of credit Line in the amount of with First Horizon Bank. The proceeds of the Line were used to enhance the Bank s capital structure. The Line bears interest at a floating interest rate linked to WSJ Prime Rate with an initial interest rate of , which is payable quarterly on the first day of each calendar quarter, commencing on July 1, 2022, with the final installment of interest being due and payable concurrently on the same date that the principal balance is due. The Line also bears an unused line fee at a rate equal to , applied to the unused balance of the Line. The Line is fully secured by the common stock of the Bank. The Line matures on June 9, 2023, at which time all unpaid interest and principal is due and payable. The Company had availability of of unused funds of the secured line of credit at December 31, 2022. 

The aggregate stated maturities of long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022, are summarized as follows: 

Thereafter 

Mortgage Loan Origination Income 

Other Income 

Total Other Income 

The following is a detail of the major expense classifications that comprise the other expense line item in the income statement for the years ended December 31: 

Office supplies 

Professional fees 

FDIC and state assessment 

Technology expense 

Postage and freight 

Loan collection expense 

Other losses 

Debit card/ATM expense 

Other expenses 

Total Other Expense 

State 

Deferred tax expense 

Income tax expense 

The differences between income taxes calculated at the federal statutory rate and income tax expense were as follows: 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Tax-exempt investment interest 

Income related to bank-owned life insurance 

Other, net 

Income tax expense 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, net deferred tax assets consist of the following: 

Deferred compensation liability 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Other real estate owned 

Acquisition fair value adjustments 

Unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale 

Other 

Total 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Premises and equipment 

Core deposit intangible 

Other 

Total 

Net deferred tax asset 

The Company has evaluated the need for a valuation allowance related to the above deferred tax assets and, based on the weight of the available evidence, has determined that it is more likely than not that all deferred tax assets will be realized. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no unrecognized tax benefits related to federal and state income tax matters. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not accrued for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. It is the Company s policy to recognize interest or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. 

The Company and the Bank file a consolidated United States federal income tax return. The Company is currently open to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service for the years ended December 31, 2019 through 2021. The Company and Bank s state income tax returns are open to audit under the statute of limitations for the years ended December 31, 2019 through 2021. 

The Company acquired federal net operating losses as part of its Charter acquisition, with varying expiration periods. The federal net operating losses NOLs acquired were . The Company used and of the NOL during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Investment in bank subsidiary (1) 

Other assets (1) 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Secured line of credit 

Accrued interest payable 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

(1) 

Income Statements 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Other income 

Dividends from bank subsidiary (1) 

Equity in undistributed earnings of bank subsidiary (1) 

Other income 

Total other income 

Other expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 

Net income 

(1) 

Statements of Cash Flows 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Equity in undistributed earnings of the Bank 

Stock compensation expense 

Increase in other assets 

Increase in other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Decrease (increase) in ownership in subsidiary 

Increase in other real estate owned 

Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Dividends paid to shareholders 

Proceeds from borrowings on secured line of credit 

Proceeds from stock options 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

The Bank is required to obtain approval from state regulators before paying dividends. 

and , respectively. 

The Company and its subsidiary have business dealings with companies owned by directors and beneficial shareholders of the Company. One director is a partner of the law firm that provides general counsel to the Company. Legal and other fees paid to this law firm for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were , , and , respectively. Additionally, one director is associated with a business which provides insurance to the Company in which the amounts paid for this service in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were , , and , respectively. 

and , respectively, and standby letters of credit were and , respectively. The fair value of such commitments is not materially different than stated values. 

As some of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company applies the same credit policies and standards as it does in the lending process when making these commitments. The collateral obtained is based upon the assessed credit worthiness of the borrower. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, crops, livestock, inventory, property and equipment, residential real estate and income-producing commercial properties. 

Interest Rate Risk 

The Company is principally engaged in providing short-term and medium-term installment, commercial and agricultural loans with interest rates that are fixed or fluctuate with the prime lending rate. These assets are primarily funded through short-term demand deposits and long-term certificates of deposit with variable and fixed rates. Accordingly, the Company is exposed to interest rate risk because in changing interest rate environments interest rate adjustments on assets and liabilities may not occur at the same time or in the same amount. The Company manages the overall rate sensitivity and mix of its asset and liability portfolio and attempts to minimize the effects that interest rate fluctuations will have on its net interest margin. 

Legal Proceedings 

We are a party to various legal proceedings such as claims and lawsuits arising in the course of our normal business activities. Although the ultimate outcome of all claims and lawsuits outstanding as of December 31, 2022 cannot be ascertained at this time, it is the opinion of management that these matters, when resolved, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Concentration of Risk 

The Company makes commercial, residential and consumer loans throughout the state of Mississippi. A substantial portion of the customers abilities to honor their contracts is dependent on their business and the agricultural economy in the state. 

Although the Company s loan portfolio is diversified, there is a relationship in this state and our operating regions between the agricultural economy and the economic performance of loans made to nonagricultural customers. The Company s lending policies for agricultural and nonagricultural customers require loans to be well-collateralized and supported by cash flows. Credit losses from loans related to the agricultural economy are consistent with credit losses experienced in the portfolio as a whole. The concentration of credit in the regional agricultural economy is taken into consideration by management in determining the allowance for loan losses. See Note 4 for a summary of loans by type. 

percent matching contribution for up to a maximum of percent of each participant s compensation, plus discretionary non-matching contributions. Employees are eligible after one year of service. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company s contributions were , and , respectively. 

Deferred Compensation Plans 

The Company provides a deferred compensation plan covering its directors. Participants in the deferred compensation plan can defer a portion of their compensation for payment after attaining age 70. Life insurance contracts have been purchased which may be used to fund payments under the plan. Expenses related to this plan were , and for the plan years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The Company has also entered into deferred compensation arrangements with certain officers that provide for payments to such officers or their survivors after retirement. Life insurance policies have been purchased that may be used to fund all or a portion of the payments under these arrangements. The obligations of the Company under both the directors and officers deferred compensation arrangements are expensed on a systematic basis over the remaining expected service period of the individual directors and officers. Expenses related to this plan were , and for the plan years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

million in total assets, and all savings and loan holding companies. 

Beginning January 1, 2015, the Bank began to comply with the Basel III rules, which became effective on January 1, 2020. Among other things, the Basel III rules impact regulatory capital ratios of banking organizations in the following manner: 

Create a new requirement to maintain a ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets of not less than 4.5 ; 

Increase the minimum leverage ratio to 4 for all banking organizations (currently 3 for certain banking organizations); 

Increase the minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio from 4 to 6 ; and 

Maintain the minimum total risk-based capital ratio at 8 . 

In addition, the Basel III rules will subject a banking organization to certain limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers if the organization did not maintain a capital conservation buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital in an amount greater than of its total risk-weighted assets. The capital conservation buffer increases the minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio to , the minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio to and the minimum total risk-based capital ratio to for banking organizations seeking to avoid the limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. 

The Basel III rules also changed the capital categories for insured depository institutions for purposes of prompt corrective action. Under the rules, to be well capitalized, an insured depository institution must maintain a minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least , a total risk-based capital ratio of at least , and a leverage capital ratio of at least . In addition, the Basel III rules established more conservative standards for including an instrument in regulatory capital and imposed certain deductions from and adjustments to the measure of common equity Tier 1 capital. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the most recent regulatory notification categorized the Bank as well capitalized. There have been no conditions or events that would cause changes to the capital structure of the Company since this notification. To continue to be categorized as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company would have to maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier I risk-based, and Tier I leverage ratios as disclosed below, in comparison with actual capital amounts and ratios: 

Common Equity tier 1 capital ratio 

Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 

Total risk-based capital ratio 

The Citizens Bank of Philadelphia 

Tier 1 leverage ratio 

Common Equity tier 1 capital ratio 

Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 

Total risk-based capital ratio 

December 31, 2021 

Citizens Holding Company 

Tier 1 leverage ratio 

Common Equity tier 1 capital ratio 

Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 

Total risk-based capital ratio 

The Citizens Bank of Philadelphia 

Tier 1 leverage ratio 

Common Equity tier 1 capital ratio 

Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 

Total risk-based capital ratio 

The following table presents investment securities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022: 

State, County, Municipals 

Other securities 

The following table presents investment securities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021: 

Mortgage-backed securities 

State, County, Municipals 

Other securities 

Impaired Loans 

Loans considered impaired are reserved for at the time the loan is identified as impaired taking into account the fair value of the collateral less estimated selling costs. Collateral may be real estate and/or business assets including but not limited to, equipment, inventory and accounts receivable. The fair value of real estate is determined based on appraisals by qualified licensed appraisers. The fair value of the business assets is generally based on amounts reported on the business s financial statements. Appraised and reported values may be adjusted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of valuation and management knowledge of the client and the client s business. Since not all valuation inputs are observable, these nonrecurring fair value determinations are classified Level 3. The unobservable inputs may vary depending on the individual assets with the fair value of real estate based on appraised value being the predominant approach. The Company reviews the certified appraisals for appropriateness and adjusts the value downward to consider selling, closing and liquidation costs, which typically approximates 25 of the appraised value. Impaired loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on the same factors previously identified. 

Other real estate owned 

OREO is primarily comprised of real estate acquired in partial or full satisfaction of loans. OREO is recorded at its estimated fair value less estimated selling and closing costs at the date of transfer, with any excess of the related loan balance over the fair value less expected selling costs charged to the ALLL. Subsequent changes in fair value are reported as adjustments to the carrying amount and are recorded against earnings. The Company outsources the valuation of OREO with material balances to third party appraisers. The Company reviews the third-party appraisal for appropriateness and adjusts the value downward to consider selling and closing costs, which typically approximate 25 of the appraised value. 

The following table presents assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during December 31, 2022 and 2021 and were still held at those respective dates: 

December 31, 2021 

Impaired loans 

Other real estate owned 

Impaired loans with a carrying value of and had an allocated allowance for loan losses of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The allocated allowance is based on the carrying value of the impaired loan and the fair value of the underlying collateral less estimated costs to sell. 

After monitoring the carrying amounts for subsequent declines or impairment after foreclosure, management determined that a fair value adjustments to OREO in the amount of - - and was necessary and recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

The following represents the carrying value and estimated fair value of the Company s financial instruments at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Interest bearing deposits with banks 

Securities held-to-maturity 

Securities available-for-sale 

Net loans 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 

Securities Sold under Agreement to Repurchase 

Borrowings on secured line of credit 

Interest bearing deposits with banks 

Securities held-to-maturity 

Securities available-for-sale 

Net loans 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 

Securities Sold under Agreement to Repurchase 

Borrowings on secured line of credit 

shares of common stock. The price of each option is equal to the market price determined as of the option grant date. Options granted are exercisable after six months and expire after years. The employee plan expired on April 13, 2009, no options have been granted since this date and all previously granted options either expired or were exercised as of December 31, 2022. The options previously granted under the employee plan expire years from the grant date. The exercise price is equal to the market price of the Company s stock on the date of grant. 

The fair value of each option granted is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Sholes option-pricing model. No options were granted in 2022 or 2021, therefore no calculations were required in 2022 or 2021 to determine fair values. 

The Company has adopted the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2013 Plan ), which the Company has used for all equity grants after the adoption and approval of the 2013 Plan. 

During 2022, the Company s directors received restricted stock grants totaling shares of common stock at a then market value of per share and in 2021 received shares of common stock at a then market value of per share. These grants vest over a one-year period during which time the recipients have rights to vote the shares and to receive dividends. The grant date fair value of these shares granted in 2022 was and will be recognized ratably over the one-year vesting period. The grant date fair value of the shares granted in 2021 was and was recognized ratably over the one-year vesting period. 

During 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded expense of and related to all of the restricted shares. 

At December 31, 2022, there were shares non-vested with in unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the 2013 Plan. 

Following is a summary of the status of the stock options remaining under the plans for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at: 

December 31, 2022 

The intrinsic value of options outstanding under the Directors Plan at December 31, 2022 was - -. Additionally, the total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2022 and 2021 was - - and - -, respectively. 

There were no options granted during 2022 or 2021 under the 2013 Plan. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (in thousands) 

OVERVIEW 

The following information discusses the financial condition and results of operations of Citizens Holding Company (the Company as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. In this discussion, all references to the activities, operations or financial performance of the Company reflect the Company s activities, operations and financial performance through its wholly-owned subsidiary, The Citizens Bank of Philadelphia, Mississippi (the Bank ), unless otherwise specifically noted. The Company s financial statements and accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with this Management s Discussion and Analysis. 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 9,620, an increase of 2,126, or 28.37 compared to 7,494 at December 31, 2021. Net income increased year-over-year primarily due to the aggressive interest rate increases by the Federal Reserve Bank during 2022. Management was able to increase net interest margin NIM by 20 bps year-over-year. 

The Company continued to maintain and expand customer relationships as reflected by the deposit growth of 14,510 or 1.30 to 1,126,402 at December 31, 2022 compared to 1,111,892 at December 31, 2021. The deposit increase was primarily driven by Negotiable Order of Withdrawal NOW accounts which grew 72,278, or 18.20 , when compared to December 31, 2021. Along with increasing deposits for the year, management was able to maintain a low cost of funds even as rates rose significantly, with 50 bps at December 31, 2021 compared to 49 bps at December 31, 2022. Year-over-year interest expense decreased by 224, or (4.50 as a result of management s repricing and reduction of higher cost interest-bearing deposits. 

The actions taken to mitigate the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020 and 2021, including but not limited to the Paycheck Protection Program, the Federal Reserve Bank FRB slashing rates to 0 bps immediately, multiple rounds of economic stimulus in the trillions of dollars all while limiting the amount of economic output that could occur caught up with the economy in 2022 causing record levels of inflation across the globe. This created a situation in which both the FRB and the legislature had to act quickly to reverse course by cutting off the stimulus and hiking interest rates at historic levels. Throughout 2022, the FRB hiked the federal funds rate by 425 bps in addition to methodically shrinking its balance sheet in an effort to slow the economy and ultimately inflation. While the Company s balance sheet was well positioned for rising rates and did ultimately benefit, the amount of uncertainty that was created throughout the year has and will continue to slow economic activity in the markets we serve. The housing market came to a halt in the fourth quarter of 2022 and there was minimal commercial activity as well. While we were ultimately able to grow loans year over year, this was primarily from construction projects that were started in 2020 and 2021. As the Company heads into 2023, there is still uncertainty around the economic outlook and the activity may be somewhat sparse in the Company s operating markets due to the current interest rates. 

68

Additionally, at the end of 2022 and heading into 2023, deposit competition has increased dramatically, driving up the cost of funding. The Company could see decreased margins in 2023 as a result of these increased costs coupled with lower loan demand and lower bond yields. 2023 could be a challenging year but the Company is well positioned should economic activity pick back up. 

The Company and Bank remain well capitalized with all capital ratios above the regulatory requirements. The Bank s leverage capital ratio increased from 9.09 at December 31, 2021 to 9.23 at December 31, 2022. The Tier 1 capital ratio for the Company and Bank was 13.34 and 15.34 , respectively, at December 31, 2022. The Company s capital position reflects the consistent profitability of its diversified financial services businesses. 

The Company s return on average assets ROA was 0.72 in 2022, compared to 0.53 in 2021 and 0.52 in 2020. The Company s return on average equity ROE was 15.30 in 2022, 6.74 in 2021 and 5.89 in 2020. During the 2020 to 2022 period, the Company s leverage capital ratios (the ratio of equity to average total assets) increased from 7.22 in 2020 to 7.80 in 2021 to 7.96 in 2022. The ROE in 2022, 2021 and 2020 is a function of the level of net income and equity balances during those years. The changes in ROA were also a result of the Company s net income in those years and also affected by the increase or decrease in total assets during these time periods. The Company set the annual dividend payout rate to approximately 55.81 of 2022 earnings per share, as compared to 71.64 in 2021 and 77.42 in 2020. 

Management has continued its practice of maintaining excess funding capacity to provide the Company with adequate liquidity for its ongoing operations. In this regard, the Company benefits from its strong deposit base, its liquid investment portfolio, and its access to funding from a variety of external funding sources such as federal funds lines and FHLB advances. Liquidity is discussed in more detail under the heading, Liquidity and Rate Sensitivity . The Company s only commitment at December 31, 2022 that would require a material expenditure of capital resources is the outstanding 18,000 FHN secured line of credit balance. 

The Company is not aware of any developments that would have a material impact on its revenues or net income outside of the recessionary risks inherent entering 2023. Interest rates are currently projected to remain relatively flat over the next year to help mitigate inflation that has affected the economy due to the amount of money supply injected into the economy as a result of the COIVD-19 pandemic. The Company works to be proactive in monitoring the recessionary risks and impacts to its employees, customers and communities. Although the ultimate outcome cannot be accurately predicted at this point, the Company believes that it is well-capitalized and has the financial stability to continue to serve its customers and communities. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

69

Allowance for Loan Losses 

The accounting policy most important to the presentation of the Company s financial statements relates to the allowance for loan loss and the related provision for loan losses. The allowance for loan losses is available to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the entire loan portfolio. The appropriate level of the allowance is based on a monthly analysis of the loan portfolio and represents an amount that management deems adequate to provide for inherent losses, including collective impairment as recognized under ASC Subtopic 450-20, Loss Contingencies . The collective impairment is calculated based on loans grouped by similar risk characteristics. Another component of the allowance is losses on loans assessed as impaired under ASC Subtopic 310-10, Loan Impairments . The balance of these loans determined to be impaired under ASC Subtopic 310-10 and their related allowance is included in management's estimation and analysis of the allowance for loan losses. For a discussion of other considerations in establishing the allowance for loan losses and the Company s and the Bank s loan policies and procedures for addressing credit risk, please refer to the disclosures in this Item under the heading Provision for Loan Losses and Asset Quality. 

Please refer to Note 1, Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company included in this Annual Report for a detailed discussion of other significant accounting policies affecting the Company. 

70

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

In addition to historical information, this report contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that are based on management s beliefs, plans, expectations, assumptions and on information currently available to management. The words may, should, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, continue, believe, seek, estimate and similar expressions used in this report that do not relate to historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements appear in a number of places in this report, including, but not limited to, statements found in Item 1, Business, and in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Citizens Holding Company (the Company notes that a variety of factors could cause its actual results or experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations described or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties that may affect the operation, performance, development and results of the business of the Company and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, The Citizens Bank of Philadelphia, Mississippi (the Bank ), include, but are not limited to, the following: 

expectations about the movement of interest rates, including actions that may be taken by the Federal Reserve Board in response to changing economic conditions; 

adverse changes in asset quality and loan demand, and the potential insufficiency of the allowance for loan losses and our ability to foreclose on delinquent mortgages; 

the risk of adverse changes in business conditions in the banking industry generally and in the specific markets in which the Company operates including, but not limited to, the negative impacts and disruptions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; 

natural disasters, civil unrest, epidemics (including any re-emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic) and other catastrophic events in the Company s geographic area; 

the impact of increasing inflation rates on the general economic, market or business conditions; 

extensive regulation, changes in the legislative and regulatory environment that negatively impact the Company and the Bank through increased operating expenses and the potential for regulatory enforcement actions, claims, or litigation; 

increased competition from other financial institutions and the risk of failure to achieve our business strategies; 

events affecting our business operations, including the effectiveness of our risk management framework, the accuracy of our estimates, our reliance on third party vendors, the risk of security breaches and potential fraud, and the impact of technological advances; 

climate change and societal responses to climate change could adversely affect the Company s business and results of operations, including indirectly through impact to its customers; 

our ability to maintain sufficient capital and to raise additional capital when needed; 

our ability to maintain adequate liquidity to conduct business and meet our obligations; 

events affecting our ability to compete effectively and achieve our strategies, such as the risk of failure to achieve the revenue increases expected to result from our acquisitions, branch additions and in new product and service offerings, our ability to control expenses and our ability to attract and retain skilled people; 

71

events that adversely affect our reputation, and the resulting potential adverse impact on our business operations; 

increased cybersecurity risk, including network breaches, business disruptions or financial losses; 

risks arising from owning our common stock, such as the volatility and trading volume, our ability to pay dividends, the regulatory limitations on stock ownership, and provisions in our governing documents that may make it more difficult for another party to obtain control of us; and 

other risks detailed from time-to-time in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements subsequent to the date on which they are made. 

NET INCOME 

Net income for 2022 increased by 28.37 to 9,620 or 1.72 per share-basic and -diluted, from 7,494 or 1.34 per share-basic and -diluted for 2021. The provision for loan losses for 2022 was 124 as compared to 1,409 in 2021. The decrease in the provision is mainly attributed to the fact that the Company was in a large net recovery position for the year ended December 31, 2022 partially offset with increases in qualitative factors due to the FRB s restrictive monetary policy coupled with recessionary risks for the near future. Noninterest income decreased by 1,304, or (10.70 ), and non-interest expense decreased by 1,180 or (3.34 ), in 2022. Non-interest income for 2022 decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in the net gains on sales of securities partially offset by increased interchange fees and overdraft fees. Noninterest expense decreased mainly due to a decrease in salaries and benefits and write-downs of OREO partially offset by the continued investment in customer facing and internal technology. 

Net income for 2021 increased by 8.12 to 7,494 or 1.34 per share-basic and -diluted, from 6,931 or 1.24 per share-basic and -diluted for 2020. The provision for loan losses for 2021 was 1,409 as compared to 1,485 in 2020. The decrease in the provision is mainly attributed to negative loan growth offset due to the reclassification of the purchased loans to LHFI and specific provisioning required for one impaired relationship coupled with increases in qualitative factors due to the continued effects of the pandemic. Noninterest income increased by 1,728, or 16.52 , and non-interest expense increased by 1,922 or 5.75 , in 2021. Non-interest income for 2021 increased primarily as a result of increased interchange fees coupled with gains on the sale of OREO and investment securities. Noninterest expense increased mainly due to an increase in salaries and benefits, regulatory related expenses, the write-down of OREO, and the continued investment in customer facing and internal technology. 

72

NET INTEREST INCOME 

Net interest income is the most significant component of the Company s earnings. Net interest income is the difference between interest and fees realized on earning assets, primarily loans and securities, and interest paid on deposits and other borrowed funds. The net interest margin is this difference expressed as a percentage of average earning assets. Net interest income is affected by several factors, including the volume of earning assets and liabilities, the mix of earning assets and liabilities, and interest rates. The discussion below is presented on a tax equivalent basis which management believes to be the best way to analyze net interest income. 

Net interest income on a tax equivalent basis was 36,049, 34,340 and 33,699 for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net interest margin was 2.80 , 2.60 and 2.72 for the same periods. In 2022 as compared to 2021, interest-bearing assets decreased by 81,283, or (6.38 and interest-bearing liabilities increased by 29,324, or 2.39 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the average yield on earnings assets was 3.17 , an increase of 19 basis points compared to the average yield at December 31, 2021. The average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities was 0.49 , a decrease of 1 basis point compared to the average rate at December 31, 2021. 

During 2021, the yields on interest earning assets and the rates paid on interest bearing deposits decreased. In 2021 as compared to 2020, interest-bearing assets increased by 83,771, or 6.78 and interest-bearing liabilities increased by 19,562, or 2.02 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the average yield on earnings assets was 2.98 , a decrease of 35 basis points compared to the average yield at December 31, 2020. The average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities was 0.50 , a decrease of 26 basis points compared to the average rate at December 31, 2020. 

During this three-year period, loans outstanding increased in 2020 and 2022. In 2021 loans decreased significantly due to increased competition and stagnant loan demand due to the continued effects of the pandemic. Loans generally provide the Company with yields that are greater than the yields on typical investment securities. Additionally, the taxable securities yield drove a majority of the increase in the interest earning assets yield with the yield increasing significantly due to historic rate increases during 2022 which drove decreased prepayments on mortgage-backed securities. 

73

Table 1 Average Balance Sheets and Interest Rates sets forth average balance sheet data, including all major categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, together with the interest earned or interest paid and the average yield or average rate paid on each such category for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

TABLE 1 AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND INTEREST RATES 

(in thousands) 

Average Balance 

Income/Expense 

Average Yield/Rate 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Loans: 

Loans, net of unearned (1) 

586,435 

628,618 

622,309 

27,311 

31,327 

30,980 

4.66 

4.98 

4.98 

Investment Securities 

Taxable 

465,386 

496,946 

498,016 

8,066 

4,441 

7,837 

1.73 

0.89 

1.57 

Tax-exempt 

210,895 

148,977 

69,591 

5,059 

3,498 

2,027 

2.40 

2.35 

2.91 

Total Investment Securities 

676,281 

645,923 

567,607 

13,125 

7,939 

9,864 

1.94 

1.23 

1.74 

Federal Funds Sold and Other 

23,574 

44,451 

45,305 

370 

55 

250 

1.57 

0.12 

0.55 

Total Interest Earning Assets (1)(2) 

1,286,290 

1,318,992 

1,235,221 

40,806 

39,321 

41,094 

3.17 

2.98 

3.33 

Non-Earning Assets 

56,944 

93,090 

101,292 

Total Assets 

1,343,234 

1,412,082 

1,336,513 

Deposits: 

Interest-bearing Demand Deposits (3) 

486,636 

487,894 

449,828 

929 

1,324 

3,062 

0.19 

0.27 

0.68 

Savings 

133,739 

118,063 

93,886 

133 

120 

111 

0.10 

0.10 

0.12 

Time 

202,315 

245,886 

231,832 

1,442 

2,783 

3,351 

0.71 

1.13 

1.45 

Total Deposits 

822,690 

851,843 

775,546 

2,504 

4,227 

6,524 

0.30 

0.50 

0.84 

Borrowed Funds 

Short-term Borrowings 

121,783 

135,282 

192,017 

1,338 

401 

871 

1.10 

0.30 

0.45 

Long-term Borrowings 

18,000 

9,692 

- 

915 

353 

- 

5.08 

3.64 

0.00 

Total Borrowed Funds 

139,783 

144,974 

192,017 

2,253 

754 

871 

1.61 

0.52 

0.45 

Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities (3) 

962,473 

996,817 

967,563 

4,757 

4,981 

7,395 

0.49 

0.50 

0.76 

Non-Interest Bearing Liabilities 

Demand Deposits 

305,247 

289,883 

236,881 

Other Liabilities 

12,624 

14,193 

14,294 

Shareholders' Equity 

62,890 

111,189 

117,775 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

1,343,234 

1,412,082 

1,336,513 

Interest Rate Spread 

2.68 

2.48 

2.56 

Net Interest Margin 

36,049 

34,340 

33,699 

2.80 

2.60 

2.72 

Less 

Tax Equivalent Adjustment 

1,140 

846 

565 

Net Interest Income 

34,909 

33,494 

33,134 

(1) 

Overdrafts on demand deposit accounts are not included in the average volume calculation as they are not considered interest earning assets by the Company. They are included in the Non-Earning Assets balance above. 

(2) 

Earning Assets in Table 1 does not include the dividend paying stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank. 

(3) 

Demand deposits are not included in the average volume calculation as they are not interest bearing liabilities. They are included within the non-interest bearing liabilities section above. 

74

Table 2 Net Average Interest Earning Assets illustrates net interest earning assets and liabilities for 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

TABLE 2 NET AVERAGE INTEREST EARNING ASSETS 

(in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Average interest earning assets 

1,286,290 

1,318,992 

1,235,221 

Average interest bearing liabilities 

962,473 

996,817 

967,563 

Net average interest earning assets 

323,817 

322,175 

267,658 

Table 3 Volume/Rate Analysis depicts the effect on interest income and interest expense of changes in volume and changes in rate from 2020 through 2022. Variances, which were attributable to both volume and rate, are allocated proportionately between rate and volume using the absolute values of each for a basis for the allocation. Non-accruing loans are included in the average loan balances used in determining the yields. Interest income on tax exempt securities and loans has been adjusted to a tax equivalent basis using a federal income tax rate of 21 and a state tax rate of 5 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

75

TABLE 3 VOLUME/RATE ANALYSIS 

 (in thousands) 

2022 Change from 2021 

2021 Change from 2020 

Volume 

Rate 

Total 

Volume 

Rate 

Total 

INTEREST INCOME 

Loans 

(2,102 

(1,914 

(4,016 

314 

33 

347 

Taxable securities 

(282 

3,907 

3,625 

(10 

(3,386 

(3,396 

Non-Taxable securities 

1,454 

107 

1,561 

1,864 

(393 

1,471 

Federal funds sold and other 

(26 

341 

315 

(1 

(194 

(195 

TOTAL INTEREST INCOME 

(956 

2,441 

1,485 

2,167 

(3,940 

(1,773 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

Interest-bearing demand deposits 

(3 

(392 

(395 

103 

(1,841 

(1,738 

Savings deposits 

16 

(3 

13 

25 

(16 

9 

Time deposits 

(493 

(848 

(1,341 

159 

(727 

(568 

Short-term borrowings 

(40 

977 

937 

(168 

(302 

(470 

Long-term borrowings 

303 

259 

562 

353 

- 

353 

TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE 

(218 

(6 

(224 

472 

(2,886 

(2,414 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

(738 

2,447 

1,709 

1,696 

(1,055 

641 

76

LOANS 

The loan portfolio constitutes the major earning asset of the Company and, in the opinion of management, offers the best alternative for maximizing net interest margin. The Company s loan personnel have the authority to extend credit under guidelines established and approved by the Board of Directors. Any aggregate credit that exceeds the authority of the loan officer is forwarded to the Board s loan committee for approval. The loan committee is composed of certain directors, including the Chairman of the Board of Directors. All aggregate loans that exceed the loan committee s lending authority are presented to the full Board of Directors for ultimate approval or denial. The loan committee not only acts as an approval body to ensure consistent application of the Company s loan policy but also provides valuable insight through communication and pooling of knowledge, judgment, and experience of its members. 

The Company has stated in its loan policy the following objectives for its loan portfolio: 

to make loans after sound and thorough credit analysis; 

to properly document all loans; 

to eliminate loans from the portfolio that are underpriced, high risk or difficult and costly to administer; 

to seek good relationships with the customer; 

to avoid undue concentrations of loans; and 

to keep non-accrual loans to a minimum by aggressive collection policies. 

Loan demand in some of the Company s market was robust but remained stagnant in other markets. The Company continues to face intense competition with aggressive loan terms for available loans from other financial institutions. However, the Company had positive loan growth for 2022 with loans outstanding increasing year-over-year. A majority of the increase in loans is in the commercial, financial and agricultural segment, with an increase in loans of 37,732, or 9.74 , in 2022. Commercial, financial and agricultural loans are the largest segment of the loan portfolio and, by nature, bear a higher degree of risk. Management believes the lending practices, policies and procedures applicable to this loan category are adequate to manage any risk represented by the current demand and terms of this loan segment. 

Real estate mortgage loans originated by the Company decreased by (6.70 ), or 6,602 in 2022 and decreased by (16.21 ), or 19,059, in 2021, and decreased by (3.63 ), or 4,430, in 2020 when compared to the prior years. The decrease in 2022 reflects the impact of higher loan rates and the decrease in 2021 and 2020 reflects the weakness in some of the Company s local housing markets coupled with increased competition in the mortgage market. 

77

Real estate construction loans decreased by 19,167, or (26.66 in 2022 to 52,731 when compared to the 71,898 at December 31, 2021 and increased by 23,067 or 47.24 when compared to 2020. Of the overall decrease for 2022, a number of large construction projects were completed during the year and reclassified to other loan types. Real estate construction loans are usually short term in nature and are dependent on construction activity in the Company s service area. Demand has started to recover for construction loans during the 2022 fiscal year despite the recessionary concerns. 

Consumer loans increased by 1,781 or 12.77 in 2022 and increased by 201 or 1.46 in 2021, and decreased by 2,327, or (14.48 in 2020, compared to the prior years. The Company believes inflation pressure, supply chain issues and the spend down of consumer savings has caused consumer spending to start to pick up. 

Table 4 Loans Outstanding reflects outstanding balances by loan type for the past five years. Additional loan information is presented in Note 4, Loans, to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 

TABLE 4 LOANS OUTSTANDING 

(in thousands) 

AT DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Commercial, financial and agricultural 

425,207 

387,475 

472,093 

357,781 

285,375 

Real estate - construction 

52,731 

71,898 

48,831 

81,197 

41,134 

Real estate - mortgage 

91,923 

98,525 

117,584 

122,014 

88,747 

Consumer 

15,730 

13,949 

13,748 

16,075 

14,021 

TOTAL LOANS 

585,591 

571,847 

652,256 

577,067 

429,277 

Table 5 Loan Liquidity and Sensitivity to Changes in Interest Rates reflects the maturity schedule or repricing frequency of all loans. Also presented are fixed and variable rate loans maturing after one year. 

TABLE 5 LOAN LIQUIDITY 

LOAN MATURITIES AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

1 YEAR 

1 - 5 

5 - 15 

AFTER 15 

OR LESS 

YEARS 

YEARS 

YEARS 

Total 

Commercial, financial and agricultural 

66,697 

265,366 

59,141 

34,003 

425,207 

Real estate - construction 

24,380 

28,351 

- 

- 

52,731 

Real estate - mortgage 

11,744 

65,465 

14,714 

- 

91,923 

Consumer 

5,488 

9,207 

1,035 

- 

15,730 

Total loans 

108,309 

368,389 

74,890 

34,003 

585,591 

78

SENSITIVITY TO CHANGES IN INTEREST RATES 

1 - 5 

OVER 5 

YEARS 

YEARS 

Fixed rates 

426,161 

55,169 

Variable rates 

50,902 

53,358 

Total loans 

477,063 

108,528 

Each loan the Company makes either has a stated maturity as to when the loan is to be repaid or is subject to an agreement between the Company and the customer governing its progressive reduction. The Company s policy is that every loan is to be repaid by its stated maturity and not carried as a continuing debt. Generally, the Company requires that principal reductions on a loan must have begun prior to the second renewal date of the loan. 

PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES AND ASSET QUALITY 

The allowance for loan losses represents an amount that in management s judgment will be adequate to absorb estimated probable losses within the existing loan portfolio. Loans that management determines to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Management s judgment in determining the adequacy of the allowance is based on evaluations of the collectability of specific loans and prior loss experience. Other factors considered by management include specific economic events, general economic conditions and trends, and loan portfolio mix and growth. The allowance for loan losses is subject to close regulatory review from the FDIC and the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance and is also a factor in each agency s determination of the Company s capital adequacy. The estimation of losses in the Company s loan portfolio is susceptible to changes resulting from changes in the financial condition of individual borrowers and economic conditions in the Company s market area. 

The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged against net income. This expense is determined by a number of factors, including historical loan losses, assessment of specific credit weaknesses within the portfolio, assessment of the prevailing economic climate, and other factors that may affect the overall condition of the loan portfolio. Management utilized these factors to determine the provision for loan losses for each of 2022, 2021 and 2020. The ratio of net loans charged off (recovered) to average loans was (0.11 in 2022, 0.26 in 2021 and 0.08 in 2020. Management evaluates the adequacy of the allowance for loan loss on a monthly basis and makes adjustments to the allowance based on this analysis. 

The provision for loan losses in 2022 was an expense of 124 compared to 1,409 in 2021 and 1,485 in 2020. The change in the provision for all three years was mainly due to management s assessment of inherent losses in the loan portfolio, including the impact caused by current local and national economic conditions. The Company uses a model that takes into account historical charge-offs and recoveries and applies that to certain loan segments of the Company s portfolio. The current year s lower provision is mainly attributed to a large amount of recoveries on a relationship that was deemed impaired in the third quarter of 2021. At the end of 2022, the total allowance for loan losses was 5,264, an amount that management believes to be sufficient to cover estimated probable losses in the loan portfolio. 

79

Activity in the allowance for loan losses is reflected in Table 6 Analysis of Allowance for Loan Losses. The Company s policy is to charge-off loans when in management s opinion the loan is deemed uncollectible. Even after it is charged off, however, the Company makes concerted efforts to maximize recovery of such loan. 

TABLE 6 ANALYSIS OF ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 

 (in thousands except for percentage amounts) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

BALANCE AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

4,513 

4,735 

3,755 

3,372 

3,019 

LOANS CHARGED-OFF 

Commercial, financial and agricultural 

65 

775 

272 

176 

35 

Real estate - construction 

- 

36 

37 

- 

74 

Real estate - mortgage 

4 

- 

304 

46 

133 

Consumer 

110 

1,327 

104 

138 

146 

TOTAL CHARGE-OFFS 

179 

2,138 

717 

360 

388 

CHARGE-OFFS RECOVERED 

Commercial, financial and agricultural 

205 

67 

65 

91 

219 

Real estate - construction 

14 

9 

43 

18 

19 

Real estate - mortgage 

75 

76 

61 

14 

81 

Consumer 

512 

355 

43 

47 

88 

TOTAL RECOVERIES 

806 

507 

212 

170 

407 

Net loans charged-off 

(627 

1,631 

505 

190 

(19 

Additions charged to operating expense 

124 

1,409 

1,485 

573 

334 

BALANCE AT END OF YEAR 

5,264 

4,513 

4,735 

3,755 

3,372 

Loans, net of unearned, at year end 

585,591 

571,847 

652,256 

577,067 

429,277 

Ratio of allowance to loans at year end 

0.90 

0.79 

0.73 

0.65 

0.79 

Average loans - net of unearned 

587,034 

629,186 

622,805 

561,483 

418,136 

Ratio of net loans charged-off to average loans 

-0.11 

0.26 

0.08 

0.03 

0.00 

80

ALLOCATION OF ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 

 (in thousands) 

AT DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Commercial, financial and agricultural 

3,524 

3,009 

3,576 

2,692 

2,295 

Real estate - construction 

478 

464 

267 

192 

139 

Real estate - mortgage 

865 

794 

653 

566 

417 

Consumer 

397 

246 

239 

305 

521 

Total 

5,264 

4,513 

4,735 

3,755 

3,372 

COMPOSITION OF LOAN PORTFOLIO BY TYPE 

AT DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Commercial, financial and agricultural 

72.61 

67.76 

72.38 

62.00 

66.48 

Real estate - construction 

9.00 

12.57 

7.49 

14.07 

9.58 

Real estate - mortgage 

15.70 

17.23 

18.03 

21.14 

20.67 

Consumer 

2.69 

2.44 

2.11 

2.79 

3.27 

100.00 

100.00 

100.00 

100.00 

100.00 

Loan balances outstanding, as illustrated in Table 4, increased in 2022 as a result of the increased demand in our high growth markets. All loan segments except commercial, financial and agricultural decreased in 2021 except for a slight increase in consumer loans. The allowance for loan losses is allocated to the various categories based on the historical loss percentage for each segment of loan and any specific reserves that might be assigned to those loans. 

Non-performing assets and the relative percentages of such assets to loan balances are presented in Table 7 Non-performing Assets. Non-performing loans include non-accrual loans, loans delinquent 90 days or more based on contractual terms and troubled debt restructurings. Management classifies loans as non-accrual when it believes that collection of interest is doubtful. This typically occurs when payments are past due over 90 days, unless the loans are well secured and in the process of collection. Another measurement of asset quality is OREO, which represents properties acquired by the Company through foreclosure following loan defaults by customers. The percentage of OREO to total loans at December 31, 2022 was 0.20 compared to 0.43 in 2021. OREO decreased in 2022 and in 2021 due to sales of several parcels in both 2022 and 2021 partially offset by foreclosures. The Company also had OREO write-downs of 42 for 2022 and 914 for 2021. 

Loans on non-accrual status amounted to 2,988 in 2022 as compared to 3,826 in 2021 and 12,026 in 2020. Interest income forgone on loans classified as non-accrual in 2022 was 354 as compared to 281 in 2021 and 395 in 2020. Upon the classification of a loan as non-accrual, all interest accrued on the loan prior to the time it is classified as non-accrual is reversed and interest accruals are suspended until such time that the loan is in compliance with its terms and deemed collectable. 

81

TABLE 7 NON-PERFORMING ASSETS 

 (in thousands, except percentages) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

PRINCIPAL BALANCE 

Non-accrual 

2,988 

3,826 

8,484 

12,026 

9,839 

Accruing loans 90 days or more past due 

111 

154 

14 

274 

73 

Troubled debt restructurings 

2,182 

213 

2,113 

2,495 

2,782 

TOTAL NON-PERFORMING LOANS 

5,281 

4,193 

10,611 

14,795 

12,694 

Income on non-accrual loans not recorded 

354 

281 

383 

555 

429 

Non-performing as a percent of loans 

0.90 

0.73 

1.63 

2.56 

2.96 

Non-accrual as a percent of loans 

0.51 

0.67 

1.30 

2.08 

2.29 

Other real estate owned 

1,179 

2,475 

3,073 

3,552 

3,440 

OREO as a percent of loans 

0.20 

0.43 

0.47 

0.62 

0.80 

Allowance as a percent of non-performing loans 

99.68 

107.63 

44.62 

25.38 

26.56 

Allowance as a percent of non-accrual loans 

176.17 

117.96 

55.81 

31.22 

34.27 

ASC Subtopic 310-10, Loan Impairments outlines the guidance for evaluating impaired loans. These statements changed the methods of estimating the loan loss allowance for problem loans. In general, when management determines that principal and interest due under the contractual terms of a loan are not fully collectible, management must value the loan using discounted future expected cash flows. Management evaluates the Company s loans for impairment under ASC Subtopic 310-10. The balances of impaired loans for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 3,277, 2,334 and 7,675, respectively. 

This table details the impaired loans by category for years ending 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

AT DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Commercial, financial and agricultural 

3,088 

1,396 

6,659 

Real estate - construction 

- 

171 

- 

Real estate - mortgage 

189 

767 

1,016 

Total loans 

3,277 

2,334 

7,675 

82

Management monitors any loans that are classified under FDIC regulations as loss, doubtful or substandard, even if management has not classified the loans as non-performing or impaired. In addition to loans classified for regulatory purposes, management also designates certain loans for internal monitoring purposes in a watch category. Loans may be placed on management s watch list as a result of delinquent status, management s concern about the borrower s financial condition or the value of the collateral securing the loan, a substandard classification during regulatory examinations, or simply as a result of management s desire to monitor more closely a borrower s financial condition and performance. Watch category loans may include loans that are still performing and accruing interest and may be current under the terms of the loan agreement but which management has a significant degree of concern about the borrowers ability to continue to perform according to the terms of the loan agreement. Watch category loans may also include loans, which, although adequately secured and performing, reflect a past delinquency problem or unfavorable financial trends exhibited by the borrower. Loss exposure on these loans is typically evaluated based primarily upon the estimated liquidation value of the collateral securing the loan. 

At December 31, 2022, loans totaling 39,451 were included on the Company s watch list compared to 47,500 at December 31, 2021. The majority of these loans are real estate loans that, although adequately collateralized, have experienced frequent delinquencies in scheduled payments. The inclusion of loans on this list does not indicate a greater risk of loss; rather it indicates that the loan possesses one of the several characteristics described above warranting increased oversight by management. 

SECURITIES 

At December 31, 2022, the Company classified its securities as AFS or HTM. AFS securities are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included as a separate component of equity, net of tax. HTM securities are reported at book value. The Company does not hold any securities classified as held for trading purposes. 

83

Table 8 Securities and Securities Maturity Schedule summarizes the amortized cost of securities from 2020 through 2022 and the maturity distribution at December 31, 2022, by classification. 

TABLE 8 SECURITIES 

 (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

SECURITIES AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE 

U. S. Government Agencies 

- 

4,969 

11,870 

Mortgage Backed Securities 

107,055 

411,729 

560,033 

State, County and Municipal Obligations 

134,906 

230,359 

100,823 

Other Securities 

500 

500 

500 

TOTAL SECURITIES AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE 

242,461 

647,557 

673,226 

2022 

2021 

2020 

SECURITIES HELD-TO-MATURITY 

U. S. Government Agencies 

4,002 

- 

- 

Mortgage Backed Securities 

309,748 

- 

- 

State, County and Municipal Obligations 

92,840 

- 

- 

TOTAL SECURITIES HELD-TO-MATURITY 

406,590 

- 

- 

SECURITIES MATURITY SCHEDULE 

1 year or less 

1 to 5 years 

5 to 10 years 

over 10 years 

Actual 

Average 

Actual 

Average 

Actual 

Average 

Actual 

Average 

Balance 

Yield 

Balance 

Yield 

Balance 

Yield 

Balance 

Yield 

AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE 

Mortgage Backed Securities (1) 

- 

- 

6,896 

4.12 

14,772 

3.13 

85,387 

2.68 

State, County and Municipal (2) 

221 

1.82 

3,152 

4.04 

5,275 

3.15 

126,258 

2.54 

Other Securities 

500 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

TOTAL AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE 

721 

0.56 

10,048 

4.10 

20,047 

3.14 

211,645 

2.60 

HELD-TO-MATURITY 

U. S. Government Agencies (1) 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

4,002 

1.74 

Mortgage Backed Securities (1) 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

18,726 

1.21 

291,022 

1.49 

State, County and Municipal (2) 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

92,840 

1.89 

TOTAL HELD-TO-MATURITY 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

18,726 

1.21 

387,864 

1.59 

(1) The maturities for the mortgage backed securities included in this line item are based on final maturity. 

(2) Average yields were calculated on tax equivalent basis using a marginal federal income tax rate of 21 and a state tax rate of 5 . 

84

The change in the carrying value of the securities portfolio is due to market value fluctuations resulting from the changing interest rate environment during 2022. This change is not used in the Tier 1 capital calculation. 

As detailed in Table 8, the security portfolio increased 1,495 or 0.23 in 2022, decreased 25,669 or (3.81 in 2021 and increased 207,792 or 44.64 in 2020. The Company strives to maximize the yields on its portfolio while balancing pledging needs and managing risk. The Company seeks to invest most of its funds not needed for loan demand or the reduction of other borrowings in higher yielding securities and not in the lower yielding federal funds sold. 

DEPOSITS 

The Company offers a wide variety of deposit services to individual and commercial customers, such as non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, money market deposit accounts and time deposits. The deposit base is the Company s major funding source for earning assets. Time deposits decreased in 2022 as a result of customers repositioning their deposits to liquid accounts in anticipation of rate increases. Management anticipates a reallocation of transactional deposits to time deposits in the first half of 2023. Time deposits increased in 2021 compared to 2020 due to a deposit special the Company issued during the first half of 2021. 

A three-year schedule of average deposits by type and maturities of time deposits greater than 250 is presented in Table 9 Deposit Information. 

TABLE 9 DEPOSIT INFORMATION 

(in thousands, except percentages) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Balance 

Rate 

Balance 

Rate 

Balance 

Rate 

Noninterest-bearing 

305,247 

289,883 

236,881 

Interest-bearing demand 

486,636 

0.19 

487,894 

0.27 

449,828 

0.68 

Savings 

133,739 

0.10 

118,063 

0.10 

93,886 

0.12 

Time deposits 

202,315 

0.71 

245,886 

1.13 

231,832 

1.45 

1,127,937 

0.30 

1,141,726 

0.50 

1,012,427 

0.84 

85

MATURITY RANGES OF TIME DEPOSITS 

 OF 250 OR MORE 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

3 months or less 

9,092 

3 through 12 months 

18,973 

1 year to 3 years 

14,762 

over 3 years 

1,543 

44,370 

The Company, in its normal course of business, will acquire large time deposits, generally from public entities, with a variety of maturities. These funds are acquired on a bid basis and are considered to be part of the deposit base of the Company. 

BORROWINGS 

Aside from the core deposit base and large denomination time deposits mentioned above, the remaining funding sources utilized by the Company include short-term and long-term borrowings. Short-term borrowings consist of Federal Funds Purchased from other financial institutions on an overnight basis, short-term advances from the FHLB and securities sold under agreement to repurchase. Long-term borrowings are advances from the FHLB with an initial maturity of greater than one year and the FHN secured line of credit. 

TABLE 10 SHORT TERM BORROWINGS 

(in thousands) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Short-term borrowings 

Year-end balance 

127,574 

112,760 

221,272 

Weighted average rate 

1.05 

0.36 

0.39 

Maximum month-end balance 

161,319 

219,876 

265,177 

Year to date average balance 

121,783 

135,282 

192,017 

Weighted average rate 

1.10 

0.30 

0.45 

The Company borrows funds for short periods from the FHLB as an alternative to Federal Funds Purchased. The Company foresees short-term borrowings to be a continued source of liquidity and likely will continue to use these borrowings as a method to fund short-term needs. At December 31, 2022, the Company had the capacity to borrow up to 205,488 from the FHLB and other financial institutions in the form of Federal Funds Purchased. The Company generally will use these types of borrowings if loan demand is greater than the growth in deposits. At December 31, 2022 the Company had borrowed -0- from the FHLB and -0- in Federal Funds Purchased. At December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowed -0- from the FHLB and -0- in Federal Funds Purchased. In 2022, the balances in Securities Sold Under Agreement to Repurchase increased 14,814, or 13,14 , to 127,574 from 2021. In 2021, these balances decreased to 112,760, a decrease of 83,512), or (42.55 ), from 2020. 

86

(in thousands) 

2022 

Less than one year 

18,000 

One year to three years 

- 

Over three years 

- 

Total long-term borrowings 

18,000 

At the end of 2022, the Company had -0- in long-term debt to the FHLB for advances. The Company did have long-term debt of 18,000 outstanding and an additional 2,000 available balance at December 31, 2022 to FHN through a secured line of credit. See Note 10 for details of the long-term debt. 

NON-INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSE 

Table 11 - Non-Interest Income and Expense illustrates the Company s non-interest income and expense from 2020 through 2022 and percentage changes between such years. 

TABLE 11 NON-INTEREST INCOME EXPENSE 

(in thousands) 

CHANGE 

CHANGE 

2022 

FROM '21 

2021 

FROM '20 

2020 

NON-INTEREST INCOME 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

3,896 

11.35 

3,499 

4.39 

3,352 

Other operating income 

6,989 

-19.56 

8,689 

22.24 

7,108 

TOTAL NON-INTEREST INCOME 

10,885 

-10.69 

12,188 

16.52 

10,460 

NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 

Salaries and employee benefits 

17,649 

-4.39 

18,460 

5.63 

17,476 

Occupancy expense, including equipment 

7,411 

3.87 

7,135 

-3.06 

7,360 

Other operating expense 

9,109 

-6.60 

9,753 

13.54 

8,590 

TOTAL NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 

34,169 

-3.34 

35,348 

5.75 

33,426 

Non-interest income typically consists of service charges on checking accounts, including debit card fees, and other financial services. With continued pressure on interest rates, the Company has sought to increase its non-interest income through the expansion of fee income and the development of new services. Currently, the Company s main sources of non-interest income are service charges on checking accounts, interchange fees, safe deposit box rentals, mortgage loan origination income, credit life insurance premiums and title insurance service fees. 

During 2022 as compared to 2021, non-interest income decreased by 1,303), or (10.70 ). The decrease in other operating income mainly attributed to decreases in net gains on sales of securities, partially offset by an increase in service charges on deposit accounts, primarily interchange fees and overdraft fees. 

87

During 2021 as compared to 2020, non-interest income increased by 1,728, or 16.52 . An increase in other operating income mainly attributed to increases in interchange fees and net gains on sales of securities, partially offset by a decrease in mortgage loan origination income. 

Non-interest expenses consist of salaries and benefits, occupancy expense and other overhead expenses incurred by the Company in the transaction of its business. In 2022 as compared to 2021, non-interest expense decreased by 1,179), or (3.34 ), to 34,169. Included in this increase was a decrease in salaries and benefits in the amount of 811), or (4.39 and other expense in the amount of 645) or (6.61 ). Write-downs on OREO of 42, a decrease of 872 from 2021 of 914 makes up a majority of the increase in other expense. Occupancy expense increased in 2022 compared to 2021 for 276, or 3.87 to 7,411 from 7,135. 

In 2021 as compared to 2020, non-interest expense increased by 1,922, or 5.75 , to 35,348. Included in this increase was an increase in salaries and benefits in the amount of 984, or 5.63 and other expense in the amount of 1,163 or 13.54 . Write-downs on OREO of 914, an increase of 684 from 2021 of 230 makes up a majority of the increase in other expense. Occupancy expense decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 for 225, or (3.06 to 7,135 from 7,360. 

In 2022, the Company s efficiency ratio was 78.24 , compared to 78.29 in 2021 and 77.88 in 2020. The efficiency ratio is calculated to measure the cost of generating one dollar of revenue. The efficiency ratio is calculated by dividing non-interest expense by the sum of net interest income, on a fully tax equivalent basis, and non-interest income. 

INCOME TAXES 

The Company records a provision for income taxes currently payable, along with a provision for deferred taxes to be realized in the future. Such deferred taxes arise from differences in timing of certain items for financial statement reporting rather than income tax reporting. The deferred tax amount of 29,574 is considered realizable and no valuation allowance is considered necessary. 

The Company s effective tax rate was 16.36 , 16.03 and 20.18 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The major difference between the effective tax rate applied to the Company s financial statement income and the federal statutory rate of 21 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is interest on tax-exempt securities and loans. Further tax information is disclosed in Note 12, Income Taxes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 

LIQUIDITY AND RATE SENSITIVITY 

Liquidity management is the process by which the Company ensures that adequate liquid funds are available to meet its financial commitments on a timely basis. These commitments include honoring withdrawals by depositors, funding credit obligations to borrowers, servicing long-term obligations, making shareholder dividend payments, paying operating expenses, funding capital expenditures and maintaining reserve requirements. 

88

The Company s predominant sources of funding include: core deposits (consisting of both commercial and individual deposits); proceeds from maturities of securities; repayments of loan principal and interest; commercial repurchase agreements; Federal Funds Purchased; and short-term and long-term borrowings from the FHLB. In both 2022 and 2021, the Company experienced an increase in deposits and repurchase agreements in excess of the increase in loans outstanding. The increase in investment securities is mainly the result of the need to invest excess funds outside of new loans. The Company relies upon non-core sources of funding, such as commercial repurchase agreements, Federal Funds Purchased and short and long-term borrowings from the FHLB, when deposit growth is not adequate to meet its short-term needs. While the strategy of using these wholesale funding sources is adequate to cover liquidity deficiencies in the short term, the Company s goal is to increase core deposits as a source of long-term funding. Management does not intend to rely on borrowings from the FHLB as the first choice as a source of funds but prefers to increase core deposits through increased competition for available deposits. Management believes that core deposits will increase by offering competitive rates and superior service to the Bank s customers. 

The Company had -0- of FHLB advances outstanding at year end of 2022 and 2021. The Company will continue to use advances if they are needed to maintain the Company s liquidity position. 

The deposit base is diversified between individual and commercial accounts, which the Company believes helps it avoid dependence on large concentrations of funds. The Company does not currently solicit certificates of deposit from brokers. The primary sources of liquidity on the asset side of the balance sheet are securities classified as AFS. 201,322 of the total investment securities of 607,912 is classified in the AFS category at December 31, 2022, and any securities not pledged are available to be sold, should liquidity needs arise. Management, through its Asset Liability Committee ALCO ), and the Board review the Company s liquidity position on a monthly basis. At December 31, 2022, both the ALCO and the Board of Directors determined that the Company s liquidity position was adequate. 

89

Table 12 - Funding Uses and Sources details the main components of cash flows for 2022 and 2021. 

TABLE 12 FUNDING USES AND SOURCES 

(in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Average 

Increase/(decrease) 

Average 

Increase/(decrease) 

Balance 

Amount 

Percent 

Balance 

Amount 

Percent 

FUNDING USES 

Loans, net of unearned income 

586,435 

(42,183 

-6.71 

628,618 

6,309 

1.00 

Taxable securities 

465,386 

(31,560 

-6.35 

496,946 

(1,070 

-0.22 

Tax-exempt securities 

210,895 

61,918 

41.56 

148,977 

79,386 

53.29 

Federal funds sold and other 

23,574 

(20,877 

-46.97 

44,451 

(854 

-1.92 

TOTAL USES 

1,286,290 

(32,702 

-2.48 

1,318,992 

83,771 

6.35 

FUNDING SOURCES 

Noninterest-bearing deposits 

305,247 

15,364 

5.30 

289,883 

53,002 

18.28 

Interest-bearing demand and savings deposits 

620,375 

14,418 

2.38 

605,957 

62,243 

10.27 

Time deposits 

202,315 

(43,571 

-17.72 

245,886 

14,054 

5.72 

Short-term borrowings 

7,890 

1,815 

29.88 

6,075 

(4,242 

-69.83 

Commercial repo 

113,893 

(15,314 

-11.85 

129,207 

(52,492 

-40.63 

Long-term debt 

18,000 

8,308 

- 

9,692 

9,692 

100.00 

TOTAL SOURCES 

1,267,720 

(18,980 

-1.47 

1,288,065 

83,622 

6.49 

The Company s liquidity depends substantially on the ability of the Bank to transfer funds to the Company in the form of dividends. The information under the heading Market Price and Dividend Information in this Annual Report discusses federal and state statutory and regulatory restrictions on the ability of the Bank to transfer funds to the Company in the form of dividends. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES 

The Company and Bank are subject to various regulatory capital guidelines as required by federal and state banking agencies. These guidelines define the various components of core capital and assign risk weights to various categories of assets. 

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991, as amended FDICIA ), required federal regulatory agencies to define capital tiers. These tiers are: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. Under FDICIA, a well-capitalized institution must achieve a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6.00 , a total capital ratio of at least 10.00 , a leverage ratio of at least 5.00 and not be under a capital directive order. These ratios generally measure the percentage of a bank s capital to all or certain categories of assets. Failure to meet capital requirements can initiate regulatory action that could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. If a bank is only adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required before the bank may accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions, asset growth, and expansion are limited, and the institution is required to submit a capital restoration plan. 

90

During 2022 as compared to 2021, total risk-based capital increased due to increased earnings. 

Management believes the Company and the Bank meet all the capital requirements to be well-capitalized under the guidelines established by FDICIA as of December 31, 2022, as noted below in Table 13 - Capital Ratios. To be classified as well-capitalized, the Company and Bank must maintain the ratios described above. 

TABLE 13 CAPITAL RATIOS 

 (in thousands, except percentage amounts) 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Tier 1 capital 

Shareholders' equity 

39,025 

105,900 

119,548 

Less: Intangibles 

(13,340 

(13,420 

(13,502 

Less: DTA related to NOLs 

- 

(94 

(267 

Add/less: Unrealized loss/(gain) on securities 

83,071 

11,795 

(4,139 

TOTAL TIER 1 CAPITAL 

108,756 

104,181 

101,640 

Total capital 

Tier 1 capital 

108,756 

104,181 

101,640 

Allowable allowance for loan losses 

5,264 

4,513 

4,735 

TOTAL CAPITAL 

114,020 

108,694 

106,375 

RISK WEIGHTED ASSETS 

824,382 

791,529 

809,754 

AVERAGE ASSETS (FOURTH QUARTER) 

1,367,042 

1,335,780 

1,406,885 

TIER 1 LEVERAGE RATIO 

7.96 

7.80 

7.22 

COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 CAPITAL RATIO 

13.19 

13.16 

12.55 

TIER 1 RISK-BASED CAPITAL RATIO 

13.19 

13.16 

12.55 

TOTAL RISK-BASED CAPITAL RATIO 

13.83 

13.73 

13.14 

Management s strategy with respect to capital levels is to maintain a sufficient amount of capital to allow the Company to respond to growth and acquisition opportunities in the Bank s service area. Over the past three years, the Company has been able to increase the amount of its capital, through retention of earnings, while still maintaining a reasonable dividend payout ratio, which is 56 , 71 and 77 in years ending 2022, 2021, 2020, respectively. The Company does have the secured line of credit commitment due in 2023 that will require the Company to make strategic decisions in regards to refinancing the line of credit or raising additional capital to pay off the debt. The Company is currently weighing a variety of options in regards to the upcoming commitment. 

91

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

In the ordinary course of business, the Company makes various commitments and incurs certain contingent liabilities to fulfill the financing needs of its customers. These commitments and contingent liabilities include commitments to extend credit and issue standby letters of credit. These off-balance sheet arrangements are further detailed in Note 15, Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments, Commitments and Contingencies and Concentrations of Risks, in the notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

Long-term debt obligations represent borrowings from the FHLB that have an original maturity in excess of one year along with the secured line of credit described in Note 10. The only other significant obligations, other than obligations under deposit contracts and short-term borrowings, were for operating leases for banking facilities. Operating leases are primarily for the lease of branches, ATM machines and other necessary equipment. The equipment leases are for various terms. 

92

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

OVERVIEW 

The definition of market risk is the possibility of loss that could result from adverse changes in market prices or interest rates. The Company has taken steps to assess the amount of risk that is associated with its asset and liability structure. The Company measures the potential risk on a regular basis and makes changes to its strategies to manage these risks. The Board of Directors reviews important policy limits each month, with a more detailed risk analysis completed on a quarterly basis. These measurement tools are important in allowing the Company to manage market risk and to plan effective strategies to respond to any adverse changes in risk. The Company does not participate in some of the financial instruments that are inherently subject to substantial market risk. All of the financial instruments entered into by the Company are for purposes other than trading. All information presented in this report are denominated in U.S. dollars. 

MARKET/INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT 

Interest rate risk is the primary market risk that management must address. Interest rate risk is the exposure of Company earnings and capital to changes in interest rates. All financial institutions assume interest rate risk as an integral part of normal operations. 

The primary purpose in managing interest rate risk is to effectively invest capital and preserve the value created by the core banking business of the Company. The Company utilizes an investment portfolio to manage the interest rate risk naturally created through its business activities. The process of managing interest rate risk generally involves both reducing the exposure of the Company s net interest margin to swings in interest rates and concurrently ensuring that there is sufficient capital and liquidity to support balance sheet growth. The Company uses a quarterly interest rate risk report to evaluate its exposure to interest rate risk, project earnings and manage the composition of the balance sheet and its growth. 

In addition to the quarterly interest rate risk report, the Company employs a number of tools to measure interest rate risk. One tool is static gap analysis, which matches assets with specified maturities to liabilities with corresponding maturities. Although management believes that this does not provide a complete picture of the Company s exposure to interest rate risk, it does highlight significant short-term repricing volume mismatches. The following table presents the Company s rate sensitivity static gap analysis at December 31, 2022 in thousands): 

Interest Sensitive Within 

90 days 

One year 

Total rate sensitive assets 

106,667 

135,446 

Total rate sensitive liabilities 

238,808 

72,038 

Net gap 

(132,141 

63,408 

93

The analysis shows a negative gap position over the next three-month period, which would typically indicate that the Company would benefit somewhat from a decrease in market interest rates in the very short term. However, this is primarily due to repricing assumptions surrounding interest-bearing transaction accounts that don t necessarily reprice statically and, therefore; rate increases would be beneficial to the Company. Management believes the Company is well positioned from an interest rate risk perspective for any rate movements, up or down. 

Management believes that static gap analysis does not fully capture the impact of interest rate movements on interest sensitive assets and liabilities. Thus, the Company also measures interest rate risk by analyzing interest rate sensitivity and the rate sensitivity gap. Table 14 - Interest Rate Sensitivity provides additional information about the financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. This tabular disclosure is limited by its failure to depict accurately the effect on assumptions of significant changes in the economy or interest rates or changes in management s expectations or intentions relating to the Company s financial statements. The information in the interest rate sensitivity table below reflects contractual interest rate pricing dates and contractual maturity dates. For indeterminate maturity deposit products (money market, NOW and savings accounts), the tables present the majority of principal cash flows in the shortest term. Although these deposits may not reprice within this time frame, the depositors of such funds have the ability to reprice. Weighted average floating rates are based on the rate for that product as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

94

TABLE 14 - INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 (in thousands) 

Carrying 

Fair 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Value 

Value 

Loans 

Fixed Rate 

102,366 

64,629 

94,071 

78,136 

86,960 

55,169 

481,330 

436,912 

Average Int Rate 

4.82 

5.15 

4.49 

4.34 

4.40 

4.29 

4.58 

Floating Rate 

6,308 

28,622 

1,430 

7,637 

6,905 

53,358 

104,261 

104,261 

Average Int Rate 

6.82 

6.84 

6.42 

7.23 

5.95 

5.32 

6.03 

Investment securities 

Fixed Rate 

657 

6,893 

2,180 

832 

140 

638,284 

648,987 

576,614 

Average Int Rate 

1.82 

4.12 

0.04 

3.61 

2.75 

3.36 

3.37 

Floating Rate 

Average Int Rate 

Other earning assets 

Fixed Rate 

Average Int Rate 

Floating Rate 

1,646 

1,646 

1,646 

Average Int Rate 

1.57 

1.57 

Interest-bearing deposits 

Fixed Rate 

756,606 

52,258 

12,101 

3,340 

2,985 

827,290 

827,269 

Average Int Rate 

0.29 

1.96 

0.43 

0.49 

0.63 

0.40 

Floating Rate 

Average Int Rate 

Other int-bearing liabilities 

Fixed Rate 

Average Int Rate 

Floating Rate 

145,574 

145,574 

145,574 

Average Int Rate 

1.61 

1.61 

95

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 

Carrying 

Fair 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Value 

Value 

Loans 

Fixed Rate 

86,477 

70,633 

72,739 

84,030 

87,820 

64,897 

466,596 

453,886 

Average Int Rate 

4.50 

4.61 

5.01 

4.05 

3.77 

3.96 

0.00 

Floating Rate 

4,892 

6,893 

22,578 

1,737 

8,379 

60,772 

105,251 

105,251 

Average Int Rate 

4.31 

3.62 

3.96 

4.24 

3.90 

4.57 

0.00 

Investment securities 

Fixed Rate 

217 

225 

- 

1,535 

136 

644,947 

647,060 

631,835 

Average Int Rate 

1.73 

1.87 

- 

4.66 

2.78 

2.39 

0.00 

Floating Rate 

Average Int Rate 

Other earning assets 

Fixed Rate 

Average Int Rate 

Floating Rate 

68,563 

68,563 

68,563 

Average Int Rate 

0.08 

0.08 

Interest-bearing deposits 

Fixed Rate 

731,503 

37,498 

32,734 

3,057 

4,393 

809,185 

809,276 

Average Int Rate 

0.32 

0.78 

1.00 

0.66 

0.48 

0.00 

Floating Rate 

Average Int Rate 

Other int-bearing liabilities 

Fixed Rate 

Average Int Rate 

Floating Rate 

112,760 

18,000 

130,760 

130,760 

Average Int Rate 

0.36 

3.59 

0.80 

Rate sensitivity gap analysis is another tool management uses to measure interest rate risk. The rate sensitivity gap is the difference between the repricing of interest-earning assets and the repricing of interest-bearing liabilities within certain defined time frames. The Company s interest rate sensitivity position is influenced by the distribution of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities among the maturity categories. Table 15 - Rate Sensitivity Gap reflects interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities by maturity distribution as of December 31, 2022. Product lines repricing in time periods predetermined by contractual agreements are included in the respective maturity categories. 

96

TABLE 15 RATE SENSITIVITY GAP AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 (in thousands, except percentage amounts) 

1 - 90 

91 - 365 

1 - 5 

Over 

Days 

Days 

Years 

5 years 

Total 

INTEREST EARNING ASSETS 

Loans 

91,921 

103,288 

363,708 

26,674 

585,591 

Investment securities 

13,100 

32,158 

159,729 

516,319 

721,306 

Interest bearing deposits with other banks 

1,646 

- 

- 

- 

1,646 

TOTAL INTEREST BEARING ASSETS 

106,667 

135,446 

523,437 

542,993 

1,308,543 

INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES 

Interest bearing demand deposits 

116,834 

- 

156,477 

195,597 

468,908 

Savings and Money Market deposits 

55,016 

- 

91,629 

32,814 

179,459 

Time deposits 

36,200 

72,038 

70,685 

- 

178,923 

Short term borrowings 

12,758 

- 

76,544 

38,272 

127,574 

Long term borrowings 

18,000 

- 

- 

- 

18,000 

TOTAL INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES 

238,808 

72,038 

395,335 

266,683 

972,864 

Rate sensitive gap 

(132,141 

63,408 

128,102 

276,310 

335,679 

Rate sensitive cumulative gap 

(132,141 

(68,733 

59,369 

335,679 

- 

Cumulative gap as a percentage of total earning assets 

-10.10 

-5.25 

4.54 

25.65 

The purpose of the above table is to measure interest rate risk utilizing the repricing intervals of interest sensitive assets and liabilities. Rate sensitive gaps constantly change as funds are acquired and invested and as rates change. Rising interest rates are likely to increase net interest income in a positive gap position while falling interest rates are beneficial in a negative gap position. 

The above rate sensitivity analysis places interest-bearing demand and savings deposits in the shortest maturity category because these liabilities do not have defined maturities. If these deposits were placed in a maturity distribution representative of the Company s deposit base history, the shortfall of the negative rate sensitive gap position would be reduced in the 1-to-90 day time frame. It is the goal of the Company to achieve a cumulative gap ratio of plus or minus 15 for all periods under one year, with maximum acceptable limits of plus or minus 20 . Quarterly, management discusses with the ALCO and the board of directors the gap position in relation to the established goals, highlights any reasons for variances from the goals and suggests changes to better align the Company s position with the established goals. When reviewing the Company s position, impacting factors and suggested changes, the board of directors also considers other corporate objectives, including increasing core deposits and increasing profitability, before implementing changes intended to align the Company s position with the established goals. While the board of directors continues to closely monitor the Company s negative gap position, at this time, management does not anticipate making any significant changes to the Company s operating practices in order to mitigate the negative gap position. 

97

The rate sensitivity gap table illustrates that the Company had a large negative cumulative gap position for the 1 to 90-day period as of December 31, 2022. This negative gap position was mainly due to: (1) a significant amount of non-maturity deposits classified within that period and (2) approximately 20.23 of certificates of deposit maturing during that period. 

The interest rate sensitivity and rate sensitivity gap tables, taken together, indicate that the Company to be in a liability sensitive position when evaluating the maturities of interest-bearing items. Thus, an increase in the interest rate environment would have a negative impact to earnings, while a decrease in interest rates would have the opposite effect on the Company s earnings. At the current stage of the economy with interest rates having increased quicker than any time in the past few decades and inflation pressure starting to subside, the Company foresees interest rates will remain fairly flat in the coming year. During 2022, the Company raised interest bearing asset rates but was able to hold interest bearing liabilities low until the fourth quarter and as a result, the Company will likely see margin compression during 2023 as deposit costs have started to increase and will likely continue through the first half of 2023. 

The COVID-19 pandemic during 2020 and 2021 required some quick actions by the FRB to attempt to limit the recessionary impact of the pandemic. As a result of the actions taken during those years, the FRB had to reverse course in 2022 in a significant way to reduce the money supply in the economy and take a more restrictive stance. Market interest rates have increased 425 bps during 2022, which is the fastest rate increases on a percentage basis in decades. At the beginning of 2022, the ten-year Treasury yield was 1.63 . As of December 31, 2022, the ten-year Treasury yield was 3.88 . This was a result of the aforementioned 425 bps of tightening the FRB did throughout 2022. The movement in the short-term interest rates impact the Company s decisions in regards to pricing the Company s products and services. The short-term interest rates have had an impact on the Company s earnings as we were able to reprice a majority of our interest-bearing assets while holding deposit costs down for most of 2022. The Company is focused on positioning the balance sheet to become more rate neutral to interest rates due to the expectation of relatively flat interest rates in the coming year as the data is showing the FRB s aggressive actions have helped reduce inflation. In 2022, the Company was able take advantage of rate hikes and the Company s net interest margin in 2022 was 2.80 compared to 2.60 in 2021. 

98

Market Price and Dividend Information 

MARKET PRICE INFORMATION 

The Company s common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Market NASDAQ under the symbol CIZN . On February 28, 2023, the common stock s closing price on NASDAQ was 15.50. 

On February 28, 2023, shares of the Company s common stock were held of record by approximately 466 shareholders. 

DIVIDENDS 

Dividends totaled 0.96 per share for 2022 and 2021. 

If funds are available, the Board of Directors of the Company typically declares dividends on a quarterly basis in March, June, September and December with payment following at the end of the month in which the dividend was declared. Funds for the payment by the Company of cash dividends are obtained from dividends, loans or advances received by the Company from the Bank. Accordingly, the declaration and payment of dividends by the Company depend upon the Bank s earnings and financial condition, general economic conditions, compliance with regulatory requirements, and other factors. The Bank must also receive the approval of the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance prior to the payment of a dividend. 

99

STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 

The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total returns of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the S P 500 Regional Banks index. The S P 500 Regional Banks index replaces the Morningstar Regional Banks Index in this analysis and going forward, as Morningstar has changed its methodology for its index. The graph tracks the performance of a 100 investment in our common stock and in each of the indexes during the last five fiscal years ended December 31, 2022. Data for the NASDAQ Composite Index and S P 500 Regional Banks index assume reinvestment of dividends. Stockholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and should not be considered indicative of future stockholder returns. 

Performance Graph 

 December 31, 2017 - December 31, 2023 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Citizens Holding Company 

100.00 

94.99 

103.69 

103.69 

97.67 

75.63 

NASDAQ Market Index 

100.00 

97.16 

132.81 

192.47 

235.15 

158.65 

S P 500 Regional Banks 

100.00 

81.82 

110.80 

105.77 

148.65 

110.72 

There can be no assurance that the Company s common stock performance will continue in the future with the same or similar trends depicted in the performance graph above. The Company does not and will not make or endorse any predictions as to future stock performance. 

100

THE CITIZENS BANK OFFICERS 

Stacy M. Brantley 
			 
			 Pam Garrett 

President and CEO 
			 
			 Network Services Manager 

Phillip R. Branch 
			 
			 Pat Stokes 

Senior Vice President, CFO 
			 
			 Assistant Vice President, Operations Officer 

Mark Taylor 
			 
			 Scott Lewis 

Senior Vice President, COO, Trust Officer 
			 
			 Vice President, Information Security Officer 

Ray Stone 
			 
			 Shon Kirkland 

Senior Vice President, Chief Credit Officer 
			 
			 Assistant Vice President, Security Officer/ 

Facilities Manager 

Ledale Reynolds 

Senior Vice President and CIO 
			 
			 Charles Wilkerson 

Assistant Vice President, Loan Operations Officer 

Liz Owen 

Senior Vice President, Director of 
			 
			 Greg Jackson 

Human Resources, Chief Risk Officer 
			 
			 Accounting Officer 

Jackie Hester 
			 
			 Reaghan Jenkins 

Vice President, Marketing Officer 
			 
			 Accounting Officer 

Pam Lewis 
			 
			 Deborah Ladd 

Assistant Vice President, Collections Manager 
			 
			 Item Processing Officer 

Jean T. Fulton 
			 
			 Sandra Curtis 

Vice President, Internal Auditor 
			 
			 Assistant Vice President, Teller Administrator 

Brad Copeland 
			 
			 Temika Triplett 

Vice President, Branch Manager 
			 
			 Assistant Vice President, Electronic Services Officer 

Mark Majure 
			 
			 Grant Comans 

Vice President, Loan Review Officer 
			 
			 Assistance Vice President, Branch Manager 

Bob Posey 
			 
			 Jamie Shotts 

Vice President 
			 
			 Vice President, Appraisal Review Officer 

Brice Richardson 
			 
			 Carthage Branch 

Vice President, Branch Manager 

Billy Cook 

Stacy Arnold 
			 
			 Vice President 

Vice President, Compliance Officer 

Tonya Dorman 

Tabbetha Calvert 
			 
			 Deposit Operations Officer 

Vice President, BSA Officer 

Sebastopol Branch 

Joshua Sullivan 

Vice President, Senior Credit Analyst 
			 
			 Connie Comans 

Branch President 

Ashley Peebles 

Vice President, Director of Deposit Services 
			 
			 Union and Decatur Branches 

Sommer Vick 
			 
			 Susan Brown 

Vice President, Controller 
			 
			 Assistant Vice President, Deposit Operations Officer 

Mitch Peden 
			 
			 Kosciusko Branch 

Vice President, Information Services Manager 

Teresa Patterson 

Stacy Chisolm 
			 
			 Vice President, Branch Manager 

IT Service Desk Manager 

101

Scooba and DeKalb Branches 
			 
			 Biloxi Cedar Lake and Lemoyne Branches 

Reggie Moore 
			 
			 Travis Moore 

Assistant Vice President, Branch Manager 
			 
			 Vice President, Regional Commercial Lender 

Jan White 
			 
			 Tammy Warren 

Assistant Vice President, Branch Operations Officer 
			 
			 Assistant Vice President, Mortgage Loan Officer 

Forest Branch 
			 
			 Katie Hancock 

Vice President, Branch Manager 

Lawanda McCaughn 

Deposit Operations Officer 
			 
			 Mandy Dawson 

Treasury Management Officer 

Louisville Branch 

Mortgage Loan Department 

Bruce Lee 

Market President Winston County 
			 
			 Charlene Deweese 

Assistant Vice President, Mortgage Loan Officer 

Lynn Graham 

Assistant Vice President, Branch Operations Officer 
			 Oxford Branch 

Starkville Branch 
			 
			 Marion Boyd 

Oxford City President 

Rhonda Edmonson 

Assistant Vice President, Branch Manager 
			 
			 Larry Veasey 

Vice President, Regional Commercial Lender 

Collinsville Branch 

Pascagoula Branch 

Mike Shelby 

Vice President, Branch Manager 
			 
			 Gregory E. Cronin 

Gulf Coast President 

Meridian Eastgate Branch 

Ford Kinsey 

Jay Hines 
			 
			 Vice President, Senior Credit Special Assets Officer 

Vice President, Loan Officer 

Amber Thomas 

Tammara Hopson, 
			 
			 Vice President, Commercial Lender 

Deposit Operations Officer 

Julius Bosco III 

Hattiesburg Branch 
			 
			 BSA Specialist 

Chad Hill 
			 
			 Theresa Jenkins 

Vice President, Branch Manager 
			 
			 Community Retail Officer 

Tammy McAlpin 
			 
			 Ocean Springs Branch 

Commercial Loan Portfolio Manager 

Melissa Ceasar 

Flowood Branch 
			 
			 Assistant Vice President, Community Retail Officer 

George Gammon III 
			 
			 Sharon Wetzel 

Metro Jackson President 
			 
			 Vice President, Information Technology Officer 

Ridgeland Branch 
			 
			 Reagan Bridley 

Vice President, Commercial Lender 

Daniel Webb 

Assistance Vice President 
			 
			 Thomas Graham 

Vice President, Mortgage Loan Officer 

Katrena Thompson 

Branch Operation Officer 

102

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Stacy M. Brantley 

Craig Dungan, MD 

President Chief Executive Officer 

Physician 

The Citizens Bank 

Meridian Gastroenterology PLLC 

Donald L. Kilgore 

Greg L. McKee 

Special Assistant Attorney General 

President Chief Executive Officer 

State of Mississippi 

Citizens Holding Company 

David A. King 

David P. Webb 

Proprietor 

Attorney 

Philadelphia Motor Company 

Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell 

Berkowitz, PC 

Herbert A. King 

Civil Engineer 

Jane Crosswhite 

King Engineering Associates, Inc. 

Executive Vice President 

Williams Brothers Inc. 

Adam Mars 

Business Manager 

Terrell E. Winstead 

Mars, Mars Mars 

Executive Vice President 

Molpus Woodlands Group 

Gregory E. Cronin 

Gulf Coast President 

Jason Voyles 

Citizens Holding Company and 

President Chief Executive Officer 

The Citizens Bank 

Spectrum Capital, LLC 

CITIZENS HOLDING COMPANY OFFICERS 

Herbert A. King 

 Chairman 

Greg L. McKee 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Mark Taylor 

 Secretary 

Phillip R. Branch 

 Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

Gregory E. Cronin 

 Gulf Coast President 

103

BANKING LOCATIONS 

Philadelphia Main Office 

Collinsville Branch 

Decatur Branch 

521 Main Street 

9065 Collinsville Road 

15330 Hwy 15 South 

Philadelphia, MS 39350 

Collinsville, MS 39325 

Decatur, MS 39327 

601.656.4692 

601.626.7608 

601.635.2321 

Westside Branch 

Flowood Branch 

Forest Branch 

912 West Beacon Street 

2845 Lakeland Drive 

247 Woodland Drive North 

Philadelphia, MS 39350 

Flowood, MS 39232 

Forest, MS 39074 

601.656.4692 

601.992.7688 

601.469.3424 

Northside Branch 

Sebastopol Branch 

Louisville-Main Branch 

802 Pecan Avenue 

24 Pine Street 

906 South Columbus Avenue 

Philadelphia, MS 39350 

Sebastopol, MS 39359 

Louisville, MS 39339 

601.656.4692 

601.625.7447 

662.773.6261 

Eastside Branch 

DeKalb Branch 

Noxapater Branch 

599 East Main Street 

176 Main Avenue 

45 East Main Street 

Philadelphia, MS 39350 

DeKalb, MS 39328 

Noxapater, MS 39346 

601.656.4692 

601.743.2115 

662.724.4261 

Union Branch 

Kosciusko Branch 

Louisville-Industrial Branch 

502 Bank Street 

775 North Jackson Street 

1760 South Church Avenue 

Union, MS 39365 

Kosciusko, MS 39090 

Louisville, MS 39339 

601.656.4879 

662.289.4356 

662.773.6261 

Starkville Branch 

Scooba Branch 

Biloxi Lemoyne Boulevard 

201 Highway 12 West 

27597 Highway 16 East 

15309 Lemoyne Boulevard 

Starkville, MS 39759 

Scooba, MS 39358 

Biloxi, MS 39532 

662.323.1420 

662.476.8431 

228.207.2343 

Carthage Main Office 

Meridian Eastgate 

Ocean Springs Branch 

301 West Main Street 

1825 Hwy 39 North 

2702 Bienville Blvd 

Carthage, MS 39051 

Meridian, MS 39301 

Ocean Springs, MS 39564 

601.257.4525 

601.693.8367 

228.875.3933 

Biloxi Cedar Lakes 

Hattiesburg Branch 

Ridgeland Branch 

1830 Popps Ferry Road 

6222 Highway 98 

320 Highway 51 North 

Biloxi, MS 39532 

Hattiesburg, MS 39402 

Ridgeland, MS 39157 

228.594.6913 

601.264.4425 

601.519.4020 

Oxford Branch 

Gulfport Branch 

Pascagoula Branch 

902 Sisk Avenue, Ste E 
			 12008 Hwy 49 
			 1519 Jackson Ave 

Oxford, MS 38655 
			 Gulfport, MS 39503 
			 Pascagoula, MS 39567 

104

BANKING LOCATIONS - Continued 

Phone Teller 

 1.800.397.0344 

Internet and Mobile Banking 

 http.//www.thecitizensbankphila.com 

105

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS 

 521 Main Street 

 P.O. Box 209 

 Philadelphia, MS 39350 

601.656.4692 

ANNUAL SHAREHOLDER MEETING 

 The Annual Shareholder meeting of the Citizens Holding Company, Inc. will be held Tuesday, April 26, 2022, at 4:30 P.M. in the lobby of the main office of The Citizens Bank, 521 Main Street, Philadelphia, Mississippi. 

STOCK REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 

 American Stock Transfer Trust Company 

 59 Maiden Lane 

 New York, NY 10038 

FORM 10-K 

 The Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is available without charge to shareholders upon request to the Treasurer of the Citizens Holding Company. 

FINANCIAL CONTACT 

 Phillip R. Branch 

 Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

 P.O. 209 

 Philadelphia, Mississippi 39350 

Additional information can be obtained from the Company s website at https://www.thecitizensbankphila.com/investor-relations/. 

106

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 4
 ex_485794.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_485794.htm 

Exhibit 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

The following is a list of subsidiaries of the Company: 

Subsidiaries 
			 
			 Jurisdiction 

			 of 

			 Incorporation 

Approximate 

			 Percentage 

			 of Voting 

			 Securities Owned 

The Citizens Bank of Philadelphia, Mississippi 
			 
			 Mississippi 
			 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 ex_485795.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

ex_485795.htm 

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citizens Holding Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 and in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-89680 and 333-190500) of Citizens Holding Company of our report dated March 16, 2023 related to our audit of the consolidated financial statements which appear in the 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citizens Holding Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ HORNE LLP 

 Memphis, Tennessee 

 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex_485796.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_485796.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Greg McKee, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citizens Holding Company; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
			 
			 By: /s/ Greg McKee 

			 Greg McKee 

			 Chief Executive Officer 

			 Citizens Holding Company 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex_485797.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_485797.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Phillip R Branch, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citizens Holding Company; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
			 
			 By: /s/ Phillip R. Branch 

			 Phillip R. Branch 

			 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex_485798.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_485798.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citizens Holding Company (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Greg McKee, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as follows: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
			 
			 By: /s/ Greg McKee 

			 Greg McKee 

			 Chief Executive Officer 

			 Citizens Holding Company 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex_485799.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_485799.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citizens Holding Company (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Phillip R. Branch, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as follows: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
			 
			 By: /s/ Phillip R. Branch 

			 Phillip R. Branch 

			 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cizn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 cizn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cizn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cizn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cizn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

